{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13860712", "title": "\u2018Lokame Tharavadu\u2019, a tribute to Vallathol", "text": "MALAPPURAM: A documentary on the life and poetry of Vallathol Narayana Menon, one of the triumvirates of modern Malayalam poetry, scripted and directed by a group of young men from Tirur, has been selected to the Fifth International Documentary and Short Film Festival of Kerala (IDSFFK 2012) which would begin in Thiruvananthapuram on Friday.The documentary, 'Lokame Tharavadu', is directed by Rifa Shalees Chennara, who hails from the home viilage of the great poet. Anil Vallathol, head of Malayalam department, University of Calicut who wrote script for the documentary is a relative of Vallathol. Abdussalam Machingal produced the documentary under the banner of JCI, Tirur. The background narration is done by Aliyar, a popular actor and dubbing artist in Malayalam film industry.The documentary begins with the famous lines, \"bharathamenna peru kettalabhimana poorithamakanamantharangam, Keralamemnnu kettalo... thilaykkanam chora namukku njarambukalil...\" with the visuals of Kerala Kalamandalam in the backdrop.The 52-minute documentary portrays the life and poerty of Vallathol, who was born in Chennara in 1878. It highlights the poet's multifaceted personality and his literary and social contributions including the establishment of Kerala Kalamandalam in Cheruthuruthi on the banks of Nila.Sukumar Azhikode, O N V Kuruppu, C Radhakrishnan, Alankode Leelakrishnan and Vallathol's daughter Vasanthi Menon share their memories and thoughts about Vallathol and his poetry in the film. Their quotes and excerpts from Vallathol poems, complemented with apt visuals, enrich the documentary.More than hundred rare photos of the poet are also included in the documentary. Excerpts from the poems of Vallathol have been recited by Deepa Palanadu, Baburaj Vadakanchery, Sheeba Anil, Vinduja Menon, and Reniya.The documentary would be screened at IDSFFK 2012 in the competition section. It has already won the zonal award instituted by the Junior Chamber International (JCI).\"I count this as a blessing. This could be the best thing that could happen to me as a native of Chennara, Vallathol's birthpalce,\" said Rifa Shalees. \"This documentary is my way of paying homage to him,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13858399", "title": "Complaint against health director", "text": "PANAJI: A complaint has been filed against director of health services Sanjeev Dalvi for allegedly misleading the government and using false documents for getting benefit in service.Ruando E J J De Sa, medical superintendent cum deputy director of Asilo hospital, has submitted the complaint to the Porvorim police station and also listed some other government officials involved in the conspiracy.Porvorim PI C L Patil confirmed that they have received the complaint. \"We will conduct the inquiry and then we will decide,\" said Patil.When contacted Dalvi, declined to comment on the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13859849", "title": "Nod to prosecute dairy official for graft", "text": "JAIPUR: Three years after corruption in Jaipur dairy tenders to the tune of Rs 60 lakh was exposed by ACB, the state government gave the agency its nod to prosecute Bikaner Dairy's MD RS Tomar. He was also suspended on Tuesday. Tomar was Jaipur Dairy's MD when the embezzlement came to the fore. The agency is still awaiting prosecution section of three other senior dairy officers in the matter.According to ACB IG Umesh Mishra, Tomar was involved in giving tenders of dairy hoardings worth about Rs 60 lakh to Choudhary Printers even when the firm had not participated in the tender process.\"There were several irregularities. The firm was not registered to participate in the tender process,\" said the officer. A case under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act had been registered against Tomar and three other dairy officers.Sources said that the prosecution section against all the four officers had been refused earlier. However, the ACB officials sent the request of granting the prosecution sanction against them to the state government again recently.\"We have received permission to prosecute Tomar, while prosecution section for three other officers is still awaited,\" said an ACB officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13860890", "title": "Need to develop Rural Economic Zones (REZs)", "text": "The growth strategy of the countries in the Asian region acknowledges that public sector resources will continue to fall short of infrastructure investment requirements, and that the private sector will require to join hands to supplement governmental resources. The 1Oth and 11th Five Year Plan estimates and the road map for 12th Plan in India point to a decisive scaling-up of private sector investments in infrastructure.The Planning Commission has emphasized rural infrastructure development in the 12th five year plan with allocations set to rise over 2.5 times over the 11th plan period. (In the critical sectors of irrigation, water supply &amp; sanitation, rural roads, electricity and telecom, investment is targeted to increase from Rs. 4.4 lakh crore to about Rs. 12 lakh crore).Though these targets are indeed aggressive, India's spend in real terms is still about 1/8th of what China spends on rural infrastructure. Clearly, India's target, though ambitious have to be seen as at the lower end of what the country needs.An important part of the strategy is to harness private sector efficiencies in delivery and maintenance of these services. Nevertheless, sectors like irrigation, rural drinking water supply and sanitation, agricultural and allied sector, warehousing and storage, rural connectivity, education, health, etc, suffer from a serious disconnect with this strategy. They are yet to open up for innovations and complementary modes of funding sources other than governmental allocations.It is possible to increase investments in these sectors by focusing on two aspects: cost effective funding and innovative delivery mechanism. The Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF), channelized through NABARD meets some of these needs, but has its own limitations. At present the RIDF, a cost effective funding source for State Governments, addresses only a small portion of the investment needs in rural infrastructure. During the 11th Plan period, the net shortfall in the requirement, excluding funds available under Bharat Nirman and RIDF, was close to Rs. 35,OOO crore per annum. The short fall is likely to nearly triple during the 12th Plan period.While funding constraints continue to plague this sector, it cannot be said that investments commensurate with the current availability of funds is happening in rural infrastructure. It is high time that financial institutions, public sector bodies and State Governments realised that investments need to be made through innovative financing and project delivery models. This is the case in most of the developing countries, where such investments are done through a combination of dedicated institutional framework and annuity based payment systems.Though annuities ride on State revenues, they are adequately spaced out and structured to be in sync with revenue inflows causing less strain on the annual resources. An institutional framework can provide the financial structuring and customised products, whereas the annuity structure can ensure financial support from the government for reasonable periods. This combination can, in turn, set the stage for private entrepreneurs to come forward for investing in rural infrastructure.Development of 'Rural Economic Zones' (REZs)A dedicated institutional framework for setting up of 'Rural Economic Zones' (REZs) could be considered. An REZ is broadly defined as a comprehensive and bankable group of infrastructure investments, area-based and customised on the basis of consultations with the local community and the government. The implementer could be a national level SPV that finances and develops REZs. It could have equity support from financial institutions, infrastructrure agencies, other service providers and governments. They could also enjoy patronage from the insurance and pension fund managers.This framework would have three distinct mandates, viz, planning, funding and implementing. The specialized agency would carry out financing of the rural infrastructure projects in close coordination with the respective State Governments. The State Governments would provide annuity payments to the entity in lieu of infrastructure investments made in consultation with them and on their behalf.The annuity payments would be complemented by returns from commercial / economic infrastructure suited to the area. As the sourcing of funds from the market is done by the specialized entity, the method would result in off-budget financing that would enable the State Government to get such investments done, outside the limitation imposed by Article 293 (3) on State governments' borrowings. The annuity payments would be spread over sufficiently long periods through structured financing methods thereby reducing the pressure on the States' annual budgetary outflows. The State Governments could also access long term loans from financial institutions like NABARD, which could develop innovative loan products beyond 1O years, to fund their annuity payments.The REZ components would be modular in nature, allowing customization based on consultations with a wide range of local level stakeholders like the elected representatives of the area, district collector, local self government, financial institutions, local cooperatives, community leadership, NGOs, SHGs, farmers' clubs or any other locally important groups and opinion leaders. This would win local support and ownership for the project, ensuring sustainability and continued upkeep of the investment.The writer is chief general manager, NABARD. Views expressed here are those of the author, independent of those of his employer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13858106", "title": "Vice Admiral DK Joshi named new Navy chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Tuesday cleared the name of Vice Admiral Devender Kumar Joshi as the new Navy chief after Admiral Nirmal Verma retires on August 31. With the Navy slowly emerging into a powerful three-dimensional force capable of responding to India's geo-strategic demands from the Persian Gulf to Strait of Malacca, Admiral Joshi's three-year tenure will be crucial for this \"transformation'' underway.For one, India hopes to make its nuclear weapons triad \u2014 the capability to launch nukes from the air, land and sea \u2014 operational next year by inducting the indigenous nuclear-powered submarine INS Arihant, armed with the \"K'' series of nuclear-tipped ballistic missiles. The Navy is also \"integrating'' INS Chakra, the nuclear-powered Akula-II class submarine leased from Russia for 10 years, into its combat fleet. For another, the force will also induct the 44,570-tonne aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya (Admiral Gorshkov) from Russia next year, in a major step towards achieving its long-standing aim to have two carrier battle-groups even as India and China grapple for the same strategic space in Indian Ocean.Admiral Joshi, the present Western Naval Command chief, who has commanded India's solitary aircraft carrier INS Viraat during his long career after being commissioned in April, 1974, will also be at the helm when his force transforms into a \"networked-enabled Navy''. The linchpin for this will be the dedicated geo-stationary naval surveillance and communications satellite slated for launch within a month or so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13859831", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation misses nullah cleaning deadline", "text": "PUNE: The monsoon has reached the doorsteps of the city. But, the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has failed to meet the June 5 deadline set by itself for completing nullah cleaning work.During a review meeting on Tuesday it has been found that in some areas the work is still incomplete, said Amrut Savant, who is holding charge as the additional municipal commissioner.At the meeting, the zonal officers said that 90 to 95% work has been completed. However, Savant expressed unhappiness over the progress of the work and issued directives to the four zonal officers to complete the work by Wednesday evening.\"In some areas, the nullah cleaning work is still incomplete. In some cases, the debris removed from the nullahs has not been sent to the Moshi garbage depot or the quarries,\" Savant said. \"Some nullahs are very big,\" he added.Savant said that municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi would inspect the nullahs and assess the work done so far.Meanwhile, the central flood control cell of the PCMC has been made operational. Four separate flood control cells have also been formed at the zonal offices. Total 101 employees have been assigned to work with the flood control cells in three shifts.For effective communication about water levels and rainfall at the Pavana dam, wireless sets have been installed at the dam as well at the National Disaster Response Force at Talegaon, said T V Naronha, who is in charge of the wireless department of the PCMC.R B Chavan, health executive officer, PCMC, said arrangements for maintaining cleanliness in the city have also been made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13857586", "title": "Gujarat Technological University issues notices to 60 MBA colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has slapped notices to nearly 60 management colleges across the state after finding dismal infrastructure and faculty crunch during a recent inspection.During a recent inspection in around 110 MBA colleges, GTU found that most of them did not have enough teaching staff, lack of infrastructure and equipments, poor library facilities among other. The inspection also found that the student to faculty ratio was dismal in many colleges.GTU team also found that many colleges did not undertake faculty development programme and did not send their students to innovative councils set up by the varsity.The condition of colleges in rural area, where nearly 4,000 seats were vacant last year, was particularly bad.GTU has directed the colleges to take steps to improve their conditions and if they don't take the requisite measures, their security deposit will be seized. The deposit amount is ranges from Rs 10 lakh to Rs 40 lakh.The deposits will be seized depending on the quantum of deficiencies in the colleges.The colleges will have to overcome the faculty crunch and improve the infrastructure before the new academic year begins in August.Colleges have also been told start interviews to induct qualified teaching staff. GTU has already sent out notices detailing the college-wise deficiency of faculty.The inspection was carried twice in the last six months. The team had also verified the strength of faculties along with their photographs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859669", "title": "Anti-pollution device at Garia crematorium", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata Municipal Corporation had to shell out Rs 24 lakh for installing a furnace at Garia crematorium. And guess what was the price paid for fitting an anti pollution device to it? Rs 21 lakh. And there is a flip side. Locals alleged that in spite of installing two such devices in the crematorium before, nothing has changed, as those have already stopped functioning.Local MLA and the state minister Aroop Biswas, on Tuesday, inaugurated the third furnace at Garia crematorium with an anti-pollution device. But for hundreds of residents living close to the crematorium, a new furnace with the anti-pollution device on World Environment Day hardly has any meaning. Sources in the KMC health department said a section of the KMC lighting department officials had failed to monitor maintenance of the device and that's why those devices had stopped functioning. \"We don't even know how effective these machines are, since these have not undergone a rigorous test by the West Bengal Pollution Control Board,\" said a KMC health department official.Gautam Pattanaik, director general of KMC lighting department, however, said the state PCB had cleared the newly-installed anti-pollution device at Garia crematorium subject to certain checks and modifications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13860484", "title": "Brushing soon after meals hurts teeth", "text": "WASHINGTON: Do you have the habit of brushing soon after a meal? Beware, it may seriously damage your teeth, a leading dentist has warned. It's recommended that one should brush and floss at least twice a day, but many people do it more often - after meals, snacks or sugary drinks.\"Research shows that brushing too soon after meals and drinks, especially those that are acidic, can do more harm than good,\" said Dr Howard Gamble, president of the Academy of General Dentistry in the US. After drinking fizzy or acidic drinks, the acid burns into the enamel of your teeth and the layer below the enamel, called \"dentin\" .\"Brushing can accelerate this process. With brushing, you could actually push the acid deeper into the enamel and the dentin,\" Dr Gamble said. The scientists found an increase in dentin loss when brushing in the 20 minutes after drinking soda. But there was less wear when brushing took place 30 or 60 minutes afterward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859440", "title": "Govt swings into action after Congress Working Committee rebuke over economy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barely 24 hours after the Congress Working Committee expressed its concern over the dismal economy hurting the UPA's electoral prospects, the Centre swung into action on Tuesday. The Union cabinet will take up the pension Bill and recapitalization of regional rural banks on Thursday, while civil aviation minister Ajit Singh has been deputed to bring Trinamool Congress chief and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee around on the long-pending measure of permitting FDI in aviation, which the government has been pushing for.Banerjee, who was crucial in blocking FDI in multi-brand retail, has been the stumbling block for the entry of foreign airlines as well.A Cabinet minister confirmed that Singh has been authorized by the UPA leadership to get Banerjee on board because of its anxiety to clear the proposals, whose delay have stoked the perception of a paralysed government. Keeping Banerjee in the loop will also help the government pre-empt the embarrassment it inflicted upon itself when it rushed to permit FDI in retail without having taken its allies \u2014 or for that matter even sections within the Congress \u2014 into confidence.While the commerce &amp; industry ministry had sent the final Cabinet note on FDI in aviation nearly two months ago, opposition from Banerjee has forced the government to put off the issue. The renewed push has been necessitated by the growing urgency within the government to rebut the perception that indecision was a major factor in pulling down economic growth to a nine-year low of 5.3% during January-March.Commerce minister Anand Sharma also hinted that the government could be raring to take a fresh shy at allowing foreign multi-brand retailers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13860064", "title": "Government ready to pay for security to MLA: Sheila", "text": "NEW DELHI: Condemning the recent attack on an MLA, chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Tuesday assured legislators that the government would try to ensure that adequate security cover is provided to them and was ready to incur the expenses for it.\"If required I will write to the Union home minister seeking security cover for the MLAs,\" she said, describing the attack on MLA Bharat Singh as \"shocking\". Singh was shot at on Saturday morning at his office in southwest Delhi by four people who have been arrested by police.Dikshit made these remarks during a discussion in the Delhi assembly on the law and order situation in the city. She said there was need to change perception of citizens about police, she said crime rate may not have gone up commensurate to rise in population.\"The duties of police personnel in the city are not so easy and simple as we understand. The apprehension of terrorist attack also hovers over Delhi all the time,\" she said. Delhi Police Commissioner B K Gupta was present in officer's gallery in the assembly. Dikshit also observed that there was a need to modernize the police.\"Safety of women in Delhi requires due attention. Police must move forward to make itself more modern and informative so that Delhi Police could match with police organizations in other world-class cities,\" she said. Dikshit suggested convening meetings of Thana Committees in order to ensure better coordination between police and elected representatives. She also suggested installation of CCTV cameras on border areas of Delhi.Earlier moving the discussion on the issue, leader of opposition V K Malhotra described Delhi as \"crime, murder and rape capital\" of the country. \"Delhi is now the rape, crime and murder capital of the country. As per reports it is the most unsafe city among the all metros,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13860763", "title": "Punjab cuts list of beacon users by more than half", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The use of red beacon - a status symbol for Punjabis - will no more be easy to get for everyone in the state.After axing more than 1,700 unauthorized security personnel from security duty of VVIPs, VIPs, bureaucrats, politicians, etc., the Punjab government has decided to prune the number of users of red beacons in the state and have deleted the names of some heads of religious sects, politicians, VVIPs and VIPs in the category of private persons, sources said.Meanwhile, the state transport department has prepared a detailed notification in this regard, with assistance from intelligence wing of Punjab police, which is pending with the office of Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, they said.The notification was finalized after a high level meeting between secretary, Punjab transport department, Mandeep Singh and ADGP (intelligence) Hardeep Singh Dhillon.A top police official said that deputy CM, Punjab, Sukhbir Singh Badal had taken a tough stand to reduce the number of unnecessary users of red beacons in the state.\"In the first phase, state traffic police have prepared around 500 stickers of red beacon instead of more than 1,200, which were issued to different people including politicians, judges of Punjab and Haryana high court, registrar of Punjab and Haryana high court and private persons during the previous year,\" sources told TOI.\"Earlier, MLAs were given two stickers for using red beacons -- one for use on government car and the other for use on private car. But this time, they will be given only one sticker for use on government car,\" a senior official told TOI. Similarly, names of some heads of religious sects, businessmen, property dealers, etc., have also been deleted from the list of persons entitled to use red beacon in the state, he added.When contacted, secretary, Punjab transport department, Mandeep Singh, said that the notification would be issued shortly.MLAs would be issued only one sticker instead of two.No sticker will be issued to heads of different religious sects in the state.No private persons, including businessmen, property dealers, etc., would be issued stickers.Signature mustPunjab traffic police have also changed the colour and design of stickers of red beacon. The fresh stickers will be in red and white colours, making it more reflected. Signatures of the users will also be compulsory on the sticker. Earlier, the stickers were only in red colour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13857976", "title": "Complaint against Narendra Modi for wearing hornbill beak cap", "text": "MUMBAI: An animal activist has filed a complaint against Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for wearing a hornbill beak cap.The activist, Naresh Kadyan, filed a complaint with the Mumbai police commissioner against Modi and the organizers of an award function on Tuesday. Modi had attended the function in Mumbai on Monday.Kadyan, who is also a representative of the UN-affiliated International Organization for Animal Protection, said wearing a hornbill beak cap was violation of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972.Kadyan said he has also forwarded a copy of the complaint to the offices of the president and the prime minister, ministry of environment and forests and the chief wildlife warden of Maharashtra. \"We want legal action against the offenders. The chief wildlife warden has agreed to investigate the matter,\" Kadyan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "balasore (odisha)", "code": "13861771", "title": "Air Force version of 'Akash' missile successfully test-fired", "text": "BALASORE (ODISHA): India on Wednesday successfully test-fired its indigenously developed surface-to-air 'Akash' missile of Air Force version from the Integrated Test Range at Chandipur near here, the fifth trial of the anti-aircraft system in the last fortnight.\"The Air Force version of Akash missile was test-fired from the ITR. The trial was successful and met all the mission objectives,\" a senior defence official said.The anti-aircraft missile, with a strike range of 25 km and capable of carrying warhead of 60 kg, was test fired from a mobile launcher at launch complex-III of the ITR.The trial, which formed part of the country's routine air defence exercises, was conducted at 0757 hrs, an official of Defence Research Development Organisation (DRDO) associated with the Akash missile project said.To re-validate the technology and operational efficacy of the missile, defence forces conducted the trial with logistic support provided by the ITR, the official said. The Akash weapon system, which has its Army version too, was inducted into the armed forces in 2008.Today's test-fire came after similar trials conducted from the same test range on May 24, 26, 28 and June 1. On June 1, two Air force version of Akash missiles had been test fired successfully in quick succession, the official said.\"During the trial, the sophisticated missile was aimed at intercepting floating object supported by a pilotless target aircraft at a definite altitude over the sea,\" defence sources said.Akash, an anti-aircraft defence system, can simultaneously engage several targets with 'Rajendra' radar developed by the Electronics and Radar Development Establishment (LRDE), a DRDO laboratory in Bangalore.'Rajendra' does the surveillance, tracks the target, acquires it and guides the missile towards it.The development of Akash missile took place during 1990s under the country's Integrated Guided Missile Development Programme (IGMDP) and after many trials, it was inducted into the armed forces.The DRDO has developed both the Air Force and Army versions of the Akash missile.Rajendra is a 'passive phased array radar'. It is a multifunction radar, capable of tracking as many as 64 targets and controlling up to 12 missiles simultaneously.Defence experts have often compared Akash missile system with the American MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile system.They claim that similar to the MIM-104, the Akash is capable of neutralising aerial targets such as unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), fighter jets, cruise missiles and air-to-surface missiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858636", "title": "Impostor peddled fake Arkavathy site letters", "text": "BANGALORE: Not a single genuine site allottee in BDA's ambitious Arkavathy Layout, off Bellary Road, has been able to get their dream plots. But that did not stop a confidence trickster from posing as a BDA officer and issuing fake allotment letters and possession certificates to unidentified number of victims for Arkavathy Layout sites.Central Crime Branch (CCB) police have arrested the trickster, 28-year-old CN Shekhar, resident of V Cross, Jayanagar I Block.Not even a graduate, Shekhar masqueraded as a KAS officer to cheat people. He even claimed to be a Bangalore zilla panchayat chief executive officer, an IAS cadre post, and had in his possession a fake order purportedly issued by former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa transferring him to the city from Shimoga. When Shekhar was caught by the CCB city police, he had Rs 5 lakh cash with him and many fake allotment letters and possession certificates purportedly issued by Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) ostensibly for sites in Arkavathy Layout.\"We received a complaint from one of his victims to whom he had issued a fake site allotment letter by claiming that he was a BDA official. We arrested Shekhar on Monday and on questioning he claimed to be a KAS officer and was working as CEO of Bangalore zilla panchayat. But once we interrogated him intensely, he broke down and admitted that he was an imposter. He said he was not even a graduate,\" said a police officer.CCB has sought clarification from BDA and plans to appeal to citizens who might have fallen into his trap.\"He got married three years ago posing himself as a KAS officer before his in-laws. He has a son,\" said the officer. He even owns a Mahindra Scorpio and flaunted it to impress people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13845991", "title": "Mallika Sherawat\u2019s mystery man revealed", "text": "Mallika Sherawat didn't expect she would invite trouble when she tweeted a picture of her taking off to Versailles from Cannes in a private jet.The actress put up a photo saying, 'taking off for Versailles in my friends private plane'. However, ever since that post she's been flooded with queries about the identity of her 'friend' and allegations that he's sponsoring all her trips and events abroad.A furious Mallika reacts to this and says, \"This is ridiculous! I am fed up of these nasty rumours and people asking me strange kind of questions. Why can't a woman be successful on her own? Why does she need a man in her life to reach a certain position? I don't need a man to take care of me, thank you! I am capable of pampering my needs and am happy to be on my own. I don't need to be dependant on any man for anything.\"What about allegations that her stay in the US and trips to Cannes have been funded by a 'special friend'? \"This is so juvenile and downright absurd. Why can't people see a woman reach a powerful position on her own? Why does there always have to be a man behind her success ? I find all this highly amusing!\"Revealing the friend's identity, she says, \"I flew famous hotel moghul Dominique Desseigne's aircraft. He's very well known in Europe. I travelled in his plane along with my brother for a special VIP visit to the Chateau of Versailles. He got us permission to take a tour of the rooms and areas of the palace that are only accessible to VIPs.\"As a token of good will, Mallika has invited Dominique to visit Rajasthan when he comes to India. \"I want him to come and see our palaces and realise they are as beautiful as the ones in their country. I want to expose him to our rich culture and heritage. He was a gracious host and I would be honoured to show him our country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13859879", "title": "Critically injured class 12 student dies in hospital", "text": "GURGAON: A student of class 12 died on Monday night while undergoing treatment in a private hospital. She was admitted to the Orbit hospital on May 30 after being injured in a road accident.Seventeen-year-old Kajal, a resident of Khandsa village, was returning from school on May 30 when the auto she was travelling in rammed into a bus.The auto was carrying nine girls of whom two and the auto driver were critically injured and they were admitted to the ICU for treatment. Of the other seven injured girls, two escaped with minor scratches and five were hospitalized but were released a day after the accident. Kajal received severe head injury and lost consciousness. Doctors conducted a brain surgery on Monday but she died during the treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13857979", "title": "Monsoon hits Kerala, but El Nino fears linger", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) announced the onset of monsoon on Tuesday following a four-day delay in clouds gathering strength over the southern shores.The delay, though vital, suggests that the chances of the country enjoying a normal monsoon remain even as the clouds progress northwards.The IMD declares the onset of monsoon if 60% of the 14 enlisted weather stations in Kerala receive more than 2.5 mm of rain for two consecutive days after May 10.The Met department in its latest release on Tuesday said, \"Conditions are favourable for further advance of the southwest Monsoon into some more parts of central Arabian Sea, remaining parts of coastal Karnataka, Goa, some parts of south Konkan, south Maharashtra and interior Karnataka, some more parts of Tamil Nadu and Bay of Bengal and some parts of north-eastern states during next 48 hours.\"There had been worries about the El Nino phenomenon gathering a stronger influence and impacting the monsoon negatively, though the effect, experts suggested, would only be felt by the end of the season.The onset date, within the error range of the IMD, is not expected to be enough to allay fears about how monsoon progresses upwards and spreads across the country.At a time when the manufacturing sector is tanking, a dip in monsoon would hit the farmers bad. Over the past two years, farmers in most parts of the country have enjoyed good showers giving a boost to production and reviving the sector.A revival of pre-monsoon showers in parts of the country has helped this year in ensuring a normal kharif sowing. Scanty pre-monsoon rains in eastern parts of the country and Uttar Pradesh had led to concerns about the kharif season being hit in rain-fed areas.The first detailed picture of how the monsoon could pan out will be available towards end-June when the IMD announces the regional spread of rains and its movement upwards. Earlier, it had announced that the rainfall this year would be 99% of the long-term average.The IMD had warned that there is a 39% probability of emergence of weak El Nino conditions during the later part of the monsoon season. Out of the 20 years that El Nino conditions have prevailed, the monsoon has hit a trough 13 times leading to drought across parts of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13860238", "title": "Encourage kids to build bond with trees: Labour minister Waqar Ahmed Shah", "text": "LUCKNOW: Saving trees is must to save environment. On the occasion of World Environment Day on Tuesday, state labour minister Waqar Ahmed Shah said there is a need to create awareness among children, especially at the village level, so that they develop an emotional connect with trees. \"Let them plant trees under the names of their family members and that will develop a bond with trees,\" he said. The minister was the chief guest at the World Environment Day programme organised by the forest department. The theme for this year's World Environment Day was \"Green Economy: Does it include you?\"Chief secretary Jawed Usmani said to save environment, development schemes should be environment-friendly. He also called for active participation of people in saving environment. RK Pachauri, director general, The Energy Research Institute, said, \"The worst fallouts of climate change, the frequency of heat waves and extreme precipitations will go up in years to come, if nothing is done to save environment.\"\"The biggest cause of climate change is human activities,\" he said. The impact of climate change can be mitigated if the states install early warning systems. Pachauri said his institute can help UP forest department \"use knowledge\" in battling the impacts of climate change.He said the state should assess the potential of non-conventional sources of energy. \"The revival of state's natural wealth should be the focus of developmental policies,\" he added. Minister of state for zoological gardens SP Yadav expressed concern over loss of green cover. \"Forests are getting wiped out gradually and there are no incentives for planting trees,\" he said.Several other institutes also celebrated the World Environment Day. The Regional Science City organised a Paryavaran Mela in association with the Centre for Environmental Education. The National Botanical Research Institute (NBRI) also organised several programmes to mark the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13860971", "title": "Veerendra Heggade pays a visit to Lambeth in UK", "text": "MYSORE: Dharamadhikari of Dharmasthala, Veerendra Heggade, visited the site in Lambeth, England, where a Basaveshwara statue would be installed, and paid tributes to the social reformer.In a press statement, former Lambeth mayor Neeraj Patil quoted Heggade as saying that it was a special visit to the site where Lambeth Council has approved the application to install Basaveshwara statue. \"Heggade is impressed by the location which is close to the British Parliament, overlooking river Thames and Big Ben,\" Patil added.Addressing Indian community in the UK, Heggade said: \"Basaveshwara was a man ahead of his times who wanted to create a casteless society. His teachings, besides being universal, are relevant to modern world.\"He especially thanked the Indian community for their special support to install Basaveshwara statue in London . Patil had organized the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13860665", "title": "Congress, BJP in war of words over unemployment issue", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: While the Congress is about to launch the \"Rozgar Sangarsh Yatra\" on Thursday from here to highlight the unemployment issue in the state, it has irked the leaders of ruling BJP, with industry minister Kishan Kapoor lambasting Congress legislator G S Bali - who would be leading the campaign - saying that Bali is misleading people on the issue. However, Bali has retorted that the minister has lost the right to speak on the matter.Addressing a press conference here, Kapoor said that Congress is misleading innocent people of the state while BJP has provided jobs to thousands of youths in the state during its rule. \"The Congress government during 2003-2007 provided only 3,300 jobs. They are now misleading people, as they had failed to provide jobs during their regime,\" he said.\"During the BJP regime, in the period from January 2008 to June 2010, over 2,500 jobs were given in various government departments, boards, corporations and universities and 42,652 got jobs in private sector,\" he added.Refuting the charges leveled by the industries minister, Bali however said that Rozgar Sangarsh Yatra is being organized to expose leaders who have failed to fulfill their duty towards public, who elected them.\"Such people have no right to speak over the issue, who breached the faith of people. He (Kishan Kapoor) has no right to speak over the issue. They are presenting wrong facts on employment while we are going to compile factual data by getting the forms filled by public during the Rozgar Sangarsh Yatra,\" he said.Bali said that the first phase of the Yatra would start from Dharamshala to Hidimba Devi temple in Manali and will conclude at Bhilai Mata in Chamba district.Meanwhile, sources said that there was infighting among Congress leaders over the Yatra. Senior leaders have reportedly told the high command that this should be held collectively. Sources, however, said that Bali has got permission to undertake the Yatra from All India Congress Committee (AICC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "13858824", "title": "College students clean up Bada Talab in Lohardaga", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Sudents of B S College here observed the World Environment Day by cleaning the Victoria Tank from further damage, taking part in the Bada Talab Bachao Samiti's campaign.The students removed hyacinths from the tank, also known as Bada Talab. Several eminent personalities joined hands in this cleaning drive. Environmentalist and head of the botany department of Pakur College Prasanjeet led the drive along with Kanjeev Lochan, the history teacher of BS College.The municipality is reportedly indifferent towards the present condition of the tank as hyacinths have grown all around the tank spread across five acres. The municipality's apathy in maintaining the lifeline pond of the town has annoyed even ward commissioners Dinesh Pandey and Manorma Ekka who too joined the campaign. Local residents Gulam Murtza, Mohd Equeal Ansari and others, too, participated on Tuesday. Murtaz said, \"The elected leaders of the municipality had promised to take steps to restore the environment of the town and make it a healthy place for living, but conditions worsened in four years. We lost all hope that the civic body will look after this historic pond. Hence, we have decided to join hands with the samitito clean the pond on our own.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13859214", "title": "Nithyananda offers prayer at Meenakshi temple", "text": "MADURAI: The Guru Pooja of Thirugnanasambandar, the Saivite saint, who found the Madurai Adheenam went off peacefully on Tuesday, amidst the ongoing controversy over the appointment of self-styled godman Nithyananda as the 293rd pontiff of the ancient mutt.Even as Hindu organisations were up in arms against Nithyananda ever since he was coronated as the 293rd pontiff of the mutt, the stage was set for a fresh round of controversy as the Madurai Adheenam Retrieval Committee had submitted a memorandum to the revenue divisional officer (RDO) seeking permission to enter the mutt premises in view of the guru pooja. Meanwhile, the Hindu Makkal Katchi had submitted a petition to the HR and CE officials urging that Nithyananda should not be permitted into Meenakshi Amman Temple.However, Nithyananda received a shot in the arm as he visited the temple and offered prayers. The RDO also rejected the plea of Madurai Adheenam Retrieval Committee and denied them entry into the mutt in a bid to prevent any clash between the committee members and Nithyananda devotees. The committee members were asked to offer prayers when the procession of Thirugnansambandar arrives at Jhansi Rani Park.Nithyananda, accompanied by senior pontiff Arunagirinatha Desikar arrived at the temple early in the morning and participated in the special prayers at Thirugnanasambandar shrine that began by 4.30am. A large number of devotees also participated in the celebrations. The idol of the saint was later taken in a procession in a golden palanquin through the arterial streets in the city. The adheenam retrieval committee members including Hindu Makkal Katchi founder Arjun Sampath offered prayers at the Jhansi Rani Park and later the procession reached the mutt premises in the South Avani Moola Street where poojas were performed again.The day was also marked by Nithyananda performing 'Kanakabishekam' for Arunangirinatha Desikar.Nithyananda, accompanied by senior pontiff Arunagirinatha Desikar arrived at the temple early in the morning and participated in the special prayers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13858973", "title": "Youth abducted from Nashik traced to Pune, two arrested", "text": "NASHIK: A team led by ACP Ganesh Shinde arrested four persons from Jejuri near Pune in connection with the abduction of a 26-year-old from Nashik. The four accused, identified as Ravindra More, Vinod More, Maruti Sonawane and Mahendra Kakde, were brought into Nashik with victim Amit Pingle, who lives in the College Road area.Pingle , brother-in-law of Amol Ladgaonkar was kidnapped from near his residence on Saturday evening. Soon after the abduction, the kidnappers started making calls to his sister Rakhi Adgaonkar for a ransom of Rs 3 crore.Rakhi rushed to the Sarkarwada police station the same night and narrated the incident to the cops. The matter was reported to commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, who then guided the ACP to trap the culprits.After their calls were tracked for two days, the kidnappers were arrested from Jejuri. The abductors had settled for a smaller amount after some negotiations. They called Rakhi to Nashik Phata in Pune and then to Jejuri along with the cash, where they were ultimately arrested and Amit Pingle, the victim, was freed from the clutches of the kidnappers.ACP Ganesh Shinde said that the abduction apparently took place because of a failed deal between Rakhi's husband Amol Ladgaonkar and a person from Pune named Patwardhan.Shinde said that Amol Ladgaonkar, who used to conduct business transactions in Africa and Dubai , came in contact with Patwardhan. Subsequently, the two struck some deal, under which Amol Ladgaonkar had given two cheques of Rs 50 lakh each to Patwardhan. Since the first cheque could not be encashed due to lack of funds, Patwardhan was behind Rakhi Ladgaonkar for the money, since her husband was abroad.ACP Shinde said that prima facie it appears the kidnap took place from this failed deal. Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13860443", "title": "Monsoon hits Kerala, to reach Pune in 4 days", "text": "PUNE: The southwest monsoon finally made an onset over Kerala on Tuesday, five days later than its June 1 forecast. It is likely to reach Pune and Mumbai in three-four days.In the last 24 hours, the monsoon has made a rapid advance to not only cover the entire state of Kerala but also parts of south Tamil Nadu and coastal Karnataka, reaching up to Mangalore, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) said while declaring the onset.This augurs well for Pune and Mumbai too. \"We expect the monsoon to reach Pune and Mumbai in the next three to four days, going by the prevailing indications,\" IMD's deputy director general (weather central), Medha Khole, told TOI.The IMD has forecast favourable conditions for further advance of the monsoon into remaining parts of coastal Karnataka; Goa; parts of south Konkan; south central Maharashtra; interior Karnataka and Tamil Nadu during the next 48 hours.Pune lies at the centre of the central Maharashtra belt, which stretches from Nashik/Jalgaon in the north and Kolhapur down south.Pre-monsoon works incompleteCitizens will have to brace for %bumpy rides during the monsoon as nearly 40% of the road repair work is still incomplete in Pune city. Major roads are still dug up and resurfacing has not been done at places where road work has been completed. In Pimpri- Chinchwad, the municipal corporation has failed to meet the June 5 deadline for completing nullah cleaning work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13859784", "title": "BJP office-bearers' meeting on Friday", "text": "JAIPUR: The long-due meeting of the office-bearers of BJP would be held on Friday. The meeting, to be addressed by state unit chief Arun Chaturvedi and party in-charge Kaptan Singh Solanki, is expected to be stormy with several members likely to voice their grievances. According to sources, senior leader Vijay Bansal has been assigned the task by the central leadership to tackle the disgruntled group.According to sources, the senior leaders would warn the members against any indiscipline and direct them to work in co-ordination. The meeting is being held after senior party leaders sternly reacted to the internal differences within the state unit during the party's executive meet at Mumbai last month.The controversy surrounding senior legislator Gulab Chand Kataria's proposed yatra in the tribal belt, followed by former chief minister Vasundhara Raje's threat to resign from the party and the show of strength by her supporters had caused damage to the party's image. Senior leaders say the central leadership and the RSS have taken a strong view against the recent developments in four states including Rajasthan.Detailed programme of the public meetings to be held from June 7 to June 22 would also be finalised during the meeting. The party's core-committee too is expected to hold a meeting on Saturday. Sources in the party claimed that the main focus of both the stories would be on working together, keeping in mind the forthcoming assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13859872", "title": "Residents to be well prepared to deal with contingencies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) will soon launch a drive to make Tricity residents more aware about contingencies, like earthquake. This exercise will culminate in a 'mega mock exercise' in February 2013.Vice-chairman of National Disaster Management Authority Shashidhar Reddy, who was in Chandigarh on Tuesday, said, \"Cities are prepared to deal with disasters which come with some early warnings. But sudden onset disasters that come without any early warning signs, like earthquakes, are a challenge everywhere.\"The drill aims at enhancing the preparedness of public, government and non-government agencies concerned while dealing with such emergencies.NDMA will take up the campaign in cooperation with the states of Himachal Pradesh , Haryana, Punjab and Delhi. It has already executed such drills in Delhi and NCR region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13859657", "title": "Transfer of Development Rights as compensation for biodiversity parks land?", "text": "PUNE: Land owners whose property will be acquired for the proposed biodiversity parks (BDP) are likely to get Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) as compensation. Sources in the state urban development department (UDD) said that the committee appointed by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to decide on BDPs has submitted its report to the government.\"TDR could be one of the options to acquire land from farmers. It will ensure that they get comprehensive compensation,\" said a UDD official.But minister of state for urban development Bhaskar Jadhav, who was in the city on Tuesday, kept mum on the issue. \"I cannot reveal the report as it is with the chief minister. The decision on the BDP issue will be announced soon. The government will take a practical decision. The environment needs to be protected and farmers should get good compensation as well,\" he said. He added that differences among political parties were delaying projects like the Pune metro and BDP.The chief minister, while announcing the development plan for 23 merged villages in January, had kept the BDP decision in abeyance and announced that a committee would be formed to decide on the same.Chavan had earlier said, \"After a lot of deliberations, I have come to the conclusion that there are only two ways to resolve the BDP issue. The first option is to offer TDR to land owners as compensation, as the state and the PMC are not in position to pay compensations pegged at Rs1,000-1,200 crore. The second option is to allow a limited amount of construction in the BDP so that the land is protected from slum encroachments.\"The draft development plan for the 23 fringe villages approved by the civic body in 2005 recommended that 1,600 hectares of land in these villages, mostly on hilltops and slopes, be reserved for BDPs. This includes 978 hectares of land owned privately.The Pune Municipal Corporation will have to acquire the land owned by individuals by paying them compensation. While politicians across party lines have been demanding 4% construction in the BDPs, environmentalists have opposed the move.Meanwhile, Nationalist Congress Party MP Vandana Chavan, speaking at an event at which Jadhav was also present, said, \"The committee submitted its report in May. As per our information, the decision is positive. BDPs will be protected and land owners will get good compensation.\"Bhaskar Jadhav said that as the state government has already decided to approve the development plans of cities within a stipulated time frame, there will be no delay in approval henceforth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13860496", "title": "4 cups of tea a day can cut diabetes risk", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to have found the best way to slash the risk of developing diabetes - to drink at least four cups of tea a day. A study examining tea-drinking habits of more than 12,000 Type 2 diabetes sufferers in across Europe found that drinking four cups tea a day had a 20% lower risk of developing the illness.The study found that benefits seemed to be most obvious among heavy tea drinkers - drinking a mere one to three cups a day doesn't lower the risk, the researchers said. However, drinking excessive tea prepared with milk and sugar could be quite harmful to health, according to experts.\"Obesity is a major risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes, but dietary factors may also play a role. One dietary factor of interest is tea consumption,\" said study author Christian Herder of the Leibniz Center for Diabetes Research at Heinrich Heine University in Germany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13858937", "title": "States lukewarm to CET rollout from 2013", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre's hopes, that states would adopt a single format for undergraduate engineering courses, were met with a lukewarm response on Tuesday, with only a fraction willing to accept the revised formula from the next academic session. This means that the `one nation, one exam' proposal will be restricted only to central institutions for 2013.While Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Kerala and Tamil Nadu are opposed to adopting the new formula, Uttarakhand and Chandigarh expressed willingness to use the JEE results and adopt the same pattern of admission as the NITs and IIITs immediately. Other states, including Maharashtra, Gujarat, Haryana, Punjab, Assam and Rajasthan, have expressed their approval to the format but are likely to adopt the new pattern by 2014. West Bengal, which had opposed the move in the last meeting, did not even send a representative.The HRD ministry had recently announced a common entrance test (CET) for all centrally funded engineering institutions, including IITs, NITs and IIITs, with weightage being given to class XII board exams from 2013. For admission to IITs, students will be shortlisted on the basis of their cumulative score for class XII and the main test (50% weightage each). Class XII marks will be standardized on percentile basis by a formula worked out by the Indian Statistical Institute (ISI). The merit list will be decided on the candidate's performance in the advance test. NITs and IIITs will give 40% weightage for performance in class XII, 30% each to the student's scores in JEE-main and JEE-advance tests.The ministry has left it open to states to use the JEE score and streamline their board results with the JEE exam and so far not stipulated a timeframe keeping in view of the unenthusiastic response.Led by Bihar, state education ministers also expressed opposition to the two different formulations for aspirants of IITs compared to IIITs and NITs. Considering their views HRD minister Kapil Sibal agreed to incorporate in the minutes of the meeting that \"the states were of the opinion that IITs should also adopt the same format\" as that for for IIITs and NITs.However, the overwhelming opinion was in support of the common test, Sibal said in his concluding remarks. He also said flexibility is given to the states which are under no compulsion to join the CET for institutes under their jurisdiction.\"The states were requested to convey their decision on the year of joining the common admission process and the relative weightages to class XII Board marks, performance in JEE-main and JEE- advanced by June 30 to enable preparations to be made accordingly,\" he said.It was also clarified at the meeting that where a state intends to join the common test for admission to engineering institutions in the state, the exam papers would be also available in the regional language of the state in addition to English and Hindi.The states also demanded access to central funds to implement the 25% quota for economically weaker sections complaining that private schools would not admit poor children unless funds were increased. The ministry, however, remained firm that it was too cash-strapped to provide additional funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858047", "title": "Warm night, warmer welcome for hockey stars", "text": "MUMBAI: Till about 10.15 pm on Monday night, it was business as usual at the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport, here. Families, friends and relatives were welcomed with broad smiles, warm hugs and joyous tears at the arrival arena.Soon, the gathering that had come to receive near and dear ones, noticed a buzz around them. Hordes of media personnel had thronged the area with their trusted aides, the cameras and bazooka lenses. A few men, who looked more like bouncers of a shady night club, were prancing around with dhols and tashas. The exit area, which led to the parking lot was crammed.Foreign nationals, frequent fliers, air-hostesses, pilots, tourists, came out with a what-on-earth-is happening-here expression. But they paused for a bit, then figured a way out of the madness and walked away. In between, Bollywood heartthrob Hrithik Roshan made an appearance, diverting the focus of the snaparrazis.But the media continued to wait. Was there another celebrity, politician, or cricketer who was expected to walk out? No. Refreshingly, the wait was for the Indian hockey team which had defeated Great Britain 3-1 to clinch a bronze medal in the Sultan Azlan Shah Cup in Ipoh, Malaysia.They took their time to walk out. Their flight had landed at 10.20pm and by the time the team, led by skipper Bharat Chetri walked out of the terminal to chartbusting bhangra tunes, it was well past 11.30. Click, click, click, went the cameras. In between, of course, Chetri was mobbed by the media. He willingly obliged with soundbites. Chief coach, Michael Nobbs was cornered too and so were star drag flicker Sandeep Singh and player of the tournament Sardar Singh. They dodged exhaustion in the same manner with which they dribble past opponents. Victory can be therapeutic indeed.The delay, though was for the baggage that took time to roll through the conveyor belts, explained Shivendra Singh. Nobbs had to wade through crowds and the media to reach the team bus. \"It's crazy, but we received a similar reception after beating archrivals Pakistan via the tie-breaker at the Asian Champions Trophy and after clinching an Olympic berth. I am used to it, by now,\" he said, before hopping onto the bus.If the team defies the formbook and the low expectations and does an encore in London, Nobbs and his wards will get a much bigger welcome. To achieve that, he will put his wards through rigorous training in Pune where the team will be based for the next ten days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "13858689", "title": "Police picket in the name of DGP", "text": "GARHWA: The Red-hit Bhandaria block of Garhwa district has been in the limelight in the aftermath of January 21 incident in which 13 security personnel including Bhandaria police station officer in-charge Rajbali Chaudhary were killed in a landmine blast triggered by the CPI (Maoist).To monitor the operation against the Maoists across the rebel-hit Bhandaria police station area, a new police picket, Gauri Shanker Rath, has been set up in Bodri village which was inaugurated by Palamu IG Deepak Verma. Verma was accompanied by CRPF DIG B K Sharma, Garhwa SP Michael Raj S, SSP Madan Mohan Lal and CRPF deputy commandant BCP Yadav.According to the schedule, DGP G S Rath in whose name the police picket has been set up in Bodri village was to inaugurate the picket. But he did not come because his chopper developed a snag.Situated at a distance of 25 km from Bhandaria headquarters, Bodri village is the most important from security point of view as the village is 10 km away from Chhattisgarh border. The border of Latehar district is also adjacent.Police have intensified security arrangements by deploying a large number of CRPF and JAP jawans because of continuous presence of Maoists in the dense forests of Bhandaria.The home ministry has sanctioned special package for eradication of extremism from the Bhandaria areas, sources said.Meanwhile, IG Verma said the operation against the Maoists would continue till complete flush out from the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "alapppuzha", "code": "13860009", "title": "All govt schools in Kerala to have NRHM health programme", "text": "ALAPPPUZHA: The Union ministry of health and family welfare has approved the state's proposal to execute National Rural Health Mission's school health programme in all government and aided schools in the state.Following this, NRHM's state team has directed its districts wings to prepare detailed project reports for executing this project in 13,888 schools in the state from this academic year onwards.NRHM state mission director M Beena said till the last academic year this project could cover only 3,337 schools in Palakkad and Wayanad districts.\"However, this year the project will cover all government and aided schools and we have streamlined the procedures to get this done,\" Beena said. \"As part of this project, special training programmes will be held for heads of schools, teachers and parents. Procedures to appoint junior public health nurses in all schools are also underway,\" she said.\"These nurses will conduct medical screening camps for students. At these camps, students with physical and mental health issues will be identified and provided treatment. We will help them lead a good life,\" said Dr K R Rani, state nodal officer for school health programme.\"We will also provide students health education. It would involve teaching them about general health, preventable diseases, hygienic practices, etc. Clinical psychologists and social workers will also take part in this programme. The project will be completed in a time bound manner. The district health wings of NRHM will be filing monthly reports on the execution of this programme,\" Dr Rani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13859610", "title": "Shillong seminar stresses eco-friendly tourism in northeast", "text": "SHILLONG: Academicians and intellectuals from across the region came together at a seminar on the occasion of World Environment Day on Tuesday and stressed that tourism in northeast India, one of the top bio-hotspots in the world, should be promoted in an eco-friendly, pro-poor and sustainable manner in order to secure the future of the people and the environment.\"Human intervention is increasing pollution, deforestation, encroachment and depleting water resources, due to which tourist places in the region have been losing their charm over the years,\" said a paper presented at a national seminar on 'Tourism: Economic and Environment in Northeast India', organized by the North-East India Council for Social Science Research here on Tuesday.Noting that the region, with its \"magical beauty and bewildering diversity\" is a \"seventh heaven\" for tourists, academicians called for living within \"ecological limits\" and creating \"satisfying lives for all within the means of nature\".Yet another paper noted that in most parts of the region, rapid environmental crisis in urban centres has increased the prospects of tourism in rural areas. \"Rural tourism can be used as a development tool for isolated areas and can also increase non-farming activities in the region, which is a treasure of natural resources and ethnic culture,\" it stressed.\"Ecotourism involving local people not only enhances the level of income of the stakeholders, but also encourages them to conserve natural resources,\" one of the participants observed.Noting that tourism is the largest service industry in India today, with a contribution of 6.23% to the national GDP, providing 8.78% employment and is a major source of foreign exchange earnings, participants emphasized on promoting the 'smokeless industry' in the northeast through judicious use of the region's vast natural resources.\"Northeast India is so rich in its natural and cultural resources that it has potential to develop any kind of tourism,\" a paper said, even as it rued that lack of infrastructure and apathy on part of the Centre and state governments has hampered the growth of tourism in the region so far.According to researchers, except for Assam and Sikkim , the remaining northeastern states have \"performed miserably\" in the tourism sector. \"The region has tremendous rural resources that can contribute much towards sustainable development if utilized properly by the tourism industry,\" they noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859093", "title": "YS Jaganmohan Reddy getting ready to find friends in Delhi", "text": "HYDERABAD: Finding itself virtually isolated in the state, the YSR Congress is planning a big public relations exercise in the national capital after the June 12 bypolls to enable its leader YS Jaganmohan Reddy gain acceptability among the national parties.According to sources, the party is upset over the lukewarm response from political parties in the state to Jagan's arrest on May 27. This, they feel, is perhaps because Jagan is not being taken seriously by his political peers given that he has no strength either in the Assembly or in Parliament. That apart, he is also a being seen as a relative youngster and novice in politics.\"The byelections are the first major opportunity to demonstrate how Jagan has the people behind him and that, by voting for him, they are rejecting the corruption charges leveled against him,\" a source said.The party had expected widespread condemnation of the MP's arrest by the national parties on the charge that Congress was pursuing its political vendetta. However, no political parties, including the staunch anti-Congress ones, registered their objection to the Kadapa MP's arrest even though Jagan and his family members have alleged that Congress president Sonia Gandhi had a hand behind his arrest.Till now, only the BJP, and that too not officially, has reached across to YSR Congress. It was learnt that BJP leader Maneka Gandhi had called up Vijayamma to commiserate with her upon the arrest of her son. However, the YSR Congress does not want to be identified with the BJP as it is banking on the support of the minorities, SCs and OBCs, the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13857978", "title": "Parking space or junkyard?", "text": "NAGPUR: With recent hike in petrol prices, Naresh Waghmare, a private company employee and a resident of Shanti Nagar, decided to use city bus to travel to his office at software park near VNIT. But his plan failed due to lack of frequency of buses from Shanti Nagar to Bhamti-Parsodi. \"Using public transport tops my list,\" he said.Like him, many others complain that depending on city bus service was not feasible due to the lack of frequency on many routes. It is not that city has insufficient number of buses. At present, operator Vansh Nimay Infraprojects has 470 buses. But lack of maintenance forces many of them to remain idle.TOI team spotted at least 70 city buses parked at Patwardhan ground near Yeshwant Stadium, Dhantoli, with most resting on blocks and wheel rims since last many months. Similar number of buses could also be seen at an open space near Hingna Naka and many on North Ambazari road. Sources estimate that at any given time the operator might be plying the 250 routes of city with just about 200 buses.After complaints by city Congress unit and MP Vilas Muttemwar, a team from central government too had visited the city to inspect 240 buses procured under JNNURM by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation and was horrified to see their condition.\"Though city buses connect all areas in city, they are always overcrowded. I would like to dump my motorcycle but lack of frequency is forcing me to continue to bear the fuel expense,\" complained commuter Prakash Meshram as he waited on Maharajbagh road to board a bus for Sakkardara. Dilip Gavai, who works as a marketing executive, travels extensively across the city. For people like him, who are otherwise also troubled by rising prices, increase in petrol price has come as a blow. The operator should have encashed this opportunity.\"We are now forced to amend our lifestyle to accommodate the burden of high petrol price,\" a miffed Gavai said. Commuters, especially young generations, pointed out the city bus service could do with a lot of improvement. \"The current frequency on many routes is more than half an hour, so we can not rely on it,\" they said.Executive director of Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited Mahesh Morone said the NMC had warned the operator to improve the service but he always says so and no actual action is taken.Vansh manager Mahesh Kandalkar said that the buses were kept idle as requirement during summer is less due to summer vacations. \"We are using this period for maintenance,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13862370", "title": "TOEFL unveils voice identification software to increase test security globally", "text": "ETS, the creator of the TOEFL test, announced the introduction of biometric voice identification to maintain fair and reliable TOEFL testing.The newly announced security measure provides an additional proven technique to add to the TOEFL Programme's comprehensive security system in authenticating TOEFL test takers globally.\"The inclusion of biometric voice identification technology is yet another tool in the TOEFL test security portfolio to ensure test integrity worldwide,\" said David Hunt , vice president and chief operating officer of ETS's global division.Similar to the highly advanced speaker identification platforms used by government and law enforcement agencies, the software uses statistical pattern matching techniques, advanced voice classification methods, and inputs from multiple systems to compare speech samples from TOEFL test takers.The speaker identification system offers the ability to create voice prints for detailed analysis to validate TOEFL test takers. Hunt said, \"Including a state-of-the art speaker identification component to the TOEFL's security system further strengthens our ability to detect attempts to gain an unfair advantage, a common concern in academia today. ETS is committed to identifying and implementing those protocols deemed most effective by leaders in the security industry in safeguarding against fraudulent behaviour.\"The new technology will be used as part of test security investigations in 2012 and from 2013 it will gradually be used on a larger scale.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jalandhar bypass", "code": "13860087", "title": "Kulwinder\u2019s book tells saints from impostors", "text": "JALANDHAR BYPASS: With her ninth book \"Te Ganga Vagdi Rahi\", author Kulwinder Kaur Minhas has tried to differentiate the real saints from the many impostors who roam around in the society and deceive people of their faith.A Jaladhar Bypass resident, Kulwinder, 45, says she hopes her recent Punjabi novel meets a positive response from readers like her previous books.''None can become a saint by merely wrapping around a saffron cloth. It takes a lot more than that and that is what this novel talks about,'' she says. She had picked up the pen during her college days but it was only after her PhD that she started writing professionally and got her first book published in 2000.''The response to my first book was a morale booster and I soon came with my second book, \"Jinhi Chakhia Prem Ras\" in 2002,'' she says. Then followed \"Hanere Vich Chandi Leek\" in 2003, \"Bhudi Ate Akash\" and \"Yaadan De Naqsh\" in 2008, \"Main Injh Nahi Karanga\" in 2009 and \"Te Parlo Aa Gayi\" in 2010 from Kulwinder's pen. She also penned the biography of renowned environmentalist Baba Balbir Singh Seechewal in 2011. Kulwinder has been inspired by Punjabi literature since her college days. ''One may usually find me in the company of works by Punjabi writers like Bhai Veer Singh, Nanak Singh, Sohan Singh Sheetal and Jaswant Singh Kawal,'' she says.A member of Punjabi Sahit Akademi, she is working on another book these days, which would be called \"Dashmesh De Rang Sada Mere Sang\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859372", "title": "Online counselling for MBBS: SC seeks MCI take", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday sought Medical Council of India's response within two days to a proposal from Directorate General of Health Services (DGHS) for maiden online counseling for allotment of over 2,000 MBBS and BDS seats in medical colleges from this academic session.A bench of Justices KS Radhakrishnan and JS Khehar sought medical education regulator MCI's response by Thursday, when it would examine the DGHS proposal for doing away with existing mode of counseling that require candidates to appear in person.Delhi used to be the main centre from where allotment of 15% all-India quota of MBBS and BDS seats in various medical colleges used to take place, with candidates participating in counseling through video conferencing from other centres like Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai. In 2011, DGHS conducted counseling for 4,150 candidates for 2,194 seats in MBBS and BDS courses.Till now, the candidates used to take long journeys up to six times from their home towns to the metros within a short period of time to attend counseling sessions. \"The expenditure for candidates during online counseling will be almost nil and much less for the government. The online counseling process will be faceless yet fully transparent and fair,\" the DGHS promised.The proposal for online counseling was recommended by an expert committee headed by Director General of Health Services, which was tasked by ministry of health and family welfare to find out ways and means to address the problem of seats remaining vacant even after two rounds of counseling every year.In its application before the apex court, the DGHS said: \"The committee has recommended that by changing the method of allotment from existing counseling by personal appearance to online counseling and by increasing the number of candidates eligible to take part in counseling both in undergraduate and post-graduate courses may significantly reduce the number of seats that remain unfilled at the end of All India quota counseling.\"The salient features of the proposal for online counseling are:* All candidates who qualify All India Undergraduate Entrance Examination or five times number of seats available under the all-India quota, whichever is less, will be allowed to take part in online counseling.* Qualified candidates will give option of course and college online. There will be a total of three rounds of online allotment instead of existing two.* After the first round, candidates will be given provisional allotment letter online and will be required to report to the allotted medical/dental college within 10 days. The respective colleges would check the documents of eligibility of candidates.* Candidates, who fail to take admission in 10 days, would forfeit their claim for admission and would not be considered for allotment of seats during subsequent rounds of counseling.* Candidates who join the course after the first round may give their option for upgrade of h/his choice of course or college to be considered during subsequent rounds of counseling subject to availability of seats.* Arrangement for online counseling process will be made by the National Informatics Centre, which conducts the online counseling for allotment of seats under All India Engineering Entrance Examination. dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "13858427", "title": "Armed men attack railway construction site", "text": "LOHARDAGA: A group of armed men attacked a railway construction site at Namudag under the Kuru police station area around midnight on Monday and set ablaze an earth mover (JCB machine) and damaged a mixing machine. They also beat up some labourers at the site. The miscreants demanded that work at the construction site be stopped immediately.The construction work has been taken up by Sahil Constructions for rail connection from Lohardaga to Tori. This was the 12th attack on the 45-km-long new rail route project till now. Not without reason, the dates of completion of the project had been extended several times. Most of the attacks were by Maoist groups active in the area. However, it is yet to be ascertained whether Maoists were involved in the latest attack, sources said.SP Jitendra Kumar Singh said no claims were made by any Maoist group active in the area.\"ASP Madusudan Bari, SDPO Ram Gulam Sharma and Kuru OC Patras Nag who are involved in the subsequent search operation in the Namudag area initially found it to be the work of a criminal group of about 10 armed members,\" said the SP adding that police are committed to safety of all involved in this important railway project.Sanu, son of the construction company's director Safique Ansari, said the loss estimated was over Rs 40 lakh. Namudag is about 13 km away from the Kuru police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859077", "title": "Supreme Court refuses to stay AP high court relief to Umesh Kumar", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday refused to stay an AP high court order quashing the charge of forgery, allegedly committed by senior IPS officer Umesh Kumar.Kumar had been charged with forging documents to prove that state police chief Dinesh Reddy and his wife owned assets exceeding their legal income.A bench of justices KS Radhakrishnan and JS Khehar refused to accede to the AP government's plea and told its senior counsel R Venkatramani and standing counsel Mahesh Babu that it would take it up only after the summer vacation.The senior counsel claimed that an earlier bench of justices Deepak Verma and SJ Mukhopadhya had, on May 21, passed an order staying the high court's direction. However, when the order was put on the website it did not reflect the direction for stay, the counsel said.He submitted that the apex court had stayed the high court's order so that the trial might proceed unhindered. The bench, however, was not impressed with the argument and told the counsel that the plea for stay could be examined only after the vacation.The AP Crime Investigation Department (CID) had earlier lodged criminal cases against Kumar for allegedly using forged documents to level allegations that the AP DGP and his wife owned assets disproportionate to their income.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860239", "title": "Murderer surrenders", "text": "KOCHI: A man who allegedly shot dead his neighbour at Bharanamganam near Kottayam on May 2 surrendered before the Ernamkulam judicial first class magistrate court on Tuesday.The accused, K V George alias Kunju, surrendered before the court in the evening. Police were on the lookout for him ever since 35-year-old Serjo was killed. He was remanded in judicial custody. The accused had allegedly fired at the victim after he picked up a quarrel with him over a boundary issue. The victim had gone with his father in law Matharayil Thomas to the house of the accused to mediate on a boundary dispute between them. Though he returned home after some time, George followed him to his house and fired at the inmates from a country-made gun.Police will conduct a ballistic and forensic examination of the weapon used by the accused. A detailed probe is on to ascertain from where he sourced the gun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13860466", "title": "Trash dumped on roadside annoys residents", "text": "GUWAHATI: Heavy rain even before the arrival of the monsoon is providing relief to the denizens here from the scorching heat. But for the dwellers of Anil Nagar and Nabin Nagar areas in the city, it is just a prelude to horrible days in the coming months.Though garbage and plastic products thrown in drains have been causing severe water logging in these two areas, the work of contractors engaged by the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) for cleaning drains is also under scanner. On Tuesday, during a drizzle, trash and silt dumped on the side of the drains were seen flowing into the same drains. Though it is mandatory for the contractors carrying out cleaning and desilting work to shift the trash and silt from near the drains immediately, these contractors seem to have turned a deaf ear to the GMC's order.After rainwater submerged several parts of Anil Nagar and Nabin Nagar in the last two days, workers carried out cleaning and desilting work here on Monday. But the trash was not cleared.Showers in the last two days once again reminded the people of the these two localities of the embarrassing days of yesteryear, as people travelling through the Rajgarh Link Road in Anil Nagar had to walk through knee-deep water on Monday due to flash floods triggered by clogged drains.\"The contractors always try to hoodwink the GMC. In the entire Rajgarh Link Road in Anil Nagar, silt and garbage have been dumped on the road side. If there is heavy rain, the garbage will once again get carried to the drains,\" said Sunil Barua of Anil Nagar.Recently, the GMC slapped a fine on a firm named for not shifting garbage and silt from the roadside even after cleaning drains. The GMC has allocated Rs 9.84 crore for cleaning and desilting 168 drains this year and work will continue till October end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860412", "title": "Shadow police team arrest two chain snatchers", "text": "KOCHI: City police on Tuesday arrested two youngsters who made a fortune by snatching gold chains from lone woman pedestrians in the city. The arrested were identified as Aneesh, 21, of Mattancherry and Anshad, 21, of Palluruthy.The duo were nabbed by a shadow police team in coordination with Palarivattom police from a spot near a shopping mall in the city, where the accused had come with a gold chain that they snatched from a woman at Challikkavattom the other day in the city.Police said that they also seized a motorcycle on which the accused used to roam around the streets looking for possible victims.The arrested were produced before the Ernakulam magistrate court and remanded in judicial custody. The accused, who raise money by selling stolen gold ornaments, used to spend the money to buy high end gadgets and dine in top restaurants. Chain snatchers had managed to rob over half crore worth gold ornaments from city streets in the past three years.There has been a 40% increase in the incidents of chain snatching in 2011 compared to 2010. The rising price of gold has been the main reason for criminals resorting to chain snatching, especially in areas where the city cops are yet to install surveillance cameras.According to the police, the maximum number of chain snatchings in 2011 was reported at the most preferred residential areas in the city \u2014 mainly Palarivattom, Hill Palace and Kalamassery. \"Usually, it is motorcycle-borne criminals that resort to chain snatching.The criminals closely watch the movement of their target for a couple of days before accomplishing their mission. Around 115 chain snatching cases were reported in the city between 2009 and 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858494", "title": "Made Snana ritual case hearing adjourned", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Tuesday adjourned by a month hearing on a PIL seeking ban on the Made Snana ritual at the Subramanya shrine in Dakshina Kannada district. The court will await the state government's decision as the chief minister had promised to discontinue the practice. The government advocate informed the court that though the CM had made the statement, no formal order has been passed yet.The petitioners have described the practice as pernicious and against the spirit enunciated in the Constitution which speaks about imbibing the scientific spirit. Made Snana is a ritual in which people roll on plantain leaves off which Brahmins have had a meal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13862908", "title": "Dumped boyfriend uploads Nisha Yadav's nude mms", "text": "Strip queen and south actress Nisha Yadav is in the news again. Apparently her estranged boyfriend, whom she had dumped two years ago, uploaded a nude mms on Facebook recently. While the actress has refused to comment on the subject, the mms has become a rage on the internet. It was downloaded several hundred times and the last we learn is Facebook disabled the page - based on user complaints of sexually offensive content - on which the offending mms was uploaded.However, the mms has found its way on to various other websites and bollywood forums. Nisha Yadav's manager said \"We are looking into the matter and will decide on their future course of action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858626", "title": "High court takes up law student's killing", "text": "BANGALORE: Acting on a letter from some students of Seshadripuram Law college, Bangalore, the high court on Tuesday ordered notices to the home secretary, DG&IG; and the SP of Chikkaballapur on a suo motu PIL relating to an alleged honour killing.The division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen directed the respondents to file a status report in this regard in three weeks time.The students in their letter to Justice DV Shylendra Kumar, a senior judge of the high court, have complained that BN Bhramarambika, studying in her fourth semester, had died under mysterious circumstances on the night of May 20.\"She hailed from Badi Maraluru in Gauribidanur taluk of Chikkaballapur district. She had participated in viva programme at the college on May 10. We were shocked to hear that she died on the night of May 20. When we went there, the body was buried. Different reasons were given for her death like vomiting, heart attack ,slipping from a chair and falling down, etc.The real reasons are suppressed and there is an air of uneasiness in the village. We suspect honour killing had taken place,'' the students have stated in their letter addressed to the high court judge while seeking for a COD probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13858896", "title": "Unhappy over exam results, girl kills self", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 16-year-old schoolgirl who had appeared for the class 10 exams reportedly committed suicide at her residence as she had not scored marks as per her expectation. Police claimed that she took the extreme step after she failed to score 450 out of 500, achieving only 371 marks when the result was announced on Monday.The deceased has been identified as I Soundarya of Sivanandapuram in the city. Police said, V Ilangkumar (46), a native of Gudalur in Nilgiris district, and his wife I Sahayamerry (35), stay in a rented house at Sivanandapuram. The couple have two children Soundarya and I Salomia (14).Ilangkumar works as a private security in a firm at Saravanampatti and his wife works in the house keeping department at a private eye hospital. Soundarya was a student of Kaumara Madalayam School and was awaiting her results. Her younger sister is studying class 8 in the same school.On Monday, Soundarya went to school to get her results. Having only achieved a second class, she was frustrated and in despair when she returned home. Her parents had left for work. Salomia returned home from school at around 4pm and was chatting with her elder sister. All of a sudden, Soundarya tried to hang herself using her duppatta. Salomia attempted to save her but in vain. She rushed to her neighbours for help. Together, they took Soundarya to a private hospital in Athipalayam Pirivu where the doctors referred her to another hospital.When she was taken to a private hospital in the city the doctors declared that she was brought dead. When Saravanampatti police was alerted by residents, they sent the body to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem after which it was handed over to relatives on Tuesday afternoon.\"We have registered a case and the investigation is on,\" said inspector P Periasamy, Saravanampatti police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "13857557", "title": "10 cops hurt as Kalyan demolition team attacked", "text": "KALYAN: Around ten policemen were injured in an attack by a mob during a demolition drive in the Nandivali area of Kalyan (E) on Tuesday. The attackers were allegedly incited by local builders.Out of the ten injured, nine were admitted to a nearby hospital out of which six got discharged while three were admitted in a local hospital. One critically injured person has been admitted in Mulund's Fortis hospital. Two police officers, Sanjay Bankar and Pandarinath Mahale, were among the injured.The incident took place on Tuesday when Kalyan revenue officers along with 94 policemen arrived in Nandivali to demolish encroachments.Police claimed as soon as the demolition began hundreds of locals surrounded the policemen and started pelting stones at them. The police arrested 27 people for stone-throwing. Later, the team managed to raze over 40 unauthorized chawls. Two vehicles were damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13859460", "title": "Toppers blame English for drop in percentage", "text": "LUCKNOW: English upset the apple cart of UP Board class XII toppers this year. While few secured lowest among five subjects in English, others preferred to choose computers instead of English.Pooja Gautam who secured 95.2% marks lamented that English though her favourite subject has reduced her marks. Scoring lowest of 91 in English, she said, \"Getting a good score in English both in language and literature is next to impossible. Lengthy paper adds to our woes.\" Pooja scored 98 in physics, chemistry, mathematics, 93 in Hindi and 91 in English.For Kirti Chaurasia, 88 marks in English was a heart-breaker. \"If I would have done a little better in English, my percentage would have surely gone up,\" said an annoyed Kirti, who secured 93.6% marks with highest of 98 marks in mathematics and physics.Securing 93.8%, Prashant Mishra stayed away from English. Being an optional subject, he studied computers with other subjects. On asking what made him choose computers over English, he said, \"I want to become an engineer, so having knowledge of computer is must.\" He scored 97 in chemistry and physics, 95 in mathematics, and 89 in computers.Ashutosh Singh, the boy's topper in the state who secured 94.2%, also preferred to stay away from English. \"One can secure good marks in computer as compared to English and that is why I chose computers,\" said Ashutosh. He scored 99 in physics, 98 in mathematics, 94 in computer, 91 in Hindi and 89 in chemistry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13857751", "title": "Switch to smart card driving licences by July", "text": "NEW DELHI: If your driving licence has been issued prior to 1999 and you haven't got it renewed lately, its time to visit the local transport office. The transport department has made it mandatory for owners of all such licences to switch to the smart card complete with biometric information. The deadline for the renewal is July 2012.\"All driving licences that have been issued since 2008 are smart card-based licences. They contain biometric information as well. The transport department has been in the process of digitizing all records for several years now, and this initiative is part of it,\" said a senior government official.The department is hoping to have the entire licence database converted into a computerized format. \"Though records of the older licences are available, these paper licences don't have complete information on the lines of smart cards,\" the official added. However, licences issued before 1999 which have since been converted or renewed into computerized smart cards with the embedded electronic chip are exempted from the process.According to an official, the transport department issues over three lakh driving licences, including commercial ones, every year. This includes all the categories including for commercial vehicles.Officials claim that though several lakh licences have been renewed in the new smart card format, many are still being used in the paper format.Licence holders will have to approach the local RTO along with form numbers 9/LLD and 1, residential address proof, date of birth proof, older driving licence and two passport size photographs. \"The licence holders have been given time till July 31, 2012 to get their licence renewed from their local transport office. After the deadline, these licences will no longer be considered valid,\" added the official.Asked if the deadline of July 31 can be maintained, officials claimed that RTOs have been told to execute the project on a priority basis. The Delhi government has been trying to digitize the records of the transport department for a long time now. While the new driving licences on smart cards have been issued since 2008, most of the records prior to that have had to be converted into a digital format.At present, only driving licences, permits, road tax fees and some other processes have been made digital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "13857726", "title": "Fisherman spots rare fish in Bahraich", "text": "BAHRAICH: A rare species of fish was recovered among the fishes supplied to fish market of Bahraich city on Tuesday.The fish traders found the fish to be different from others, and subsequently informed the forest department about it.The forest department reached the spot and sent the fish to zoological garden Lucknow for further examination. According to the forest department the fish is carried away from Katarniaghat Wildlife Sanctuary.Reportedly a consignment of fish came to the fish market at Wazeerbagh area of Bahraich city, one of the trader spotted a fish to be different from others, as its skin was quite hard and the external layer was golden striped.The fish trader Mahmood told that the mouth of the fish was hidden down and it was alive.He informed the forest ranger of Bahraich forest division Gopal Ojha, who reached the spot and seized the fish. He said that he was not able to identify the fish and the fish is being sent to zoological garden Lucknow for examination.Director of fishery VP Singh said that this fish is found in the rivers of Poorvanchal.He added that the fish is locally known as 'Thanai fish'. It is quite attractive in its looks due to its golden skin. The fish has wings as well. Its size is hardly half a meter and it can fly up to 25 metres. He said that this fish has more number of bones in its body which makes its skin harder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13860053", "title": "Ludhiana campaigns to save birds from dying of thirst", "text": "LUDHIANA: As the mercury soars there is a new campaign gathering heat in the city \u2014 to save birds. Sun-scorched residents are sending SMSs and posting messages on Facebook urging one another to keep bird feeders and water bowls outside their homes.One of the SMSs doing the rounds since mercury touched 40 degrees celsius is: ''Please forward this SMS. This summer may cross 45 degrees... Many birds will die due to lack of water+food. So please keep a bowl of water + roti or food in your balcony/terrace to save them... 99% will not forward this msg. Will you? When we can forward jokes why not this msg. Hope this is done.''Residents have also been using social networking to further the cause. Gaurav Munjal, an interior decorator from New Tagore Nagar, who has also posted a message on his Facebook account said he hopes it will at least move his friends to action. Quoting his status message, Gaurav said, ''Every year thousands of birds die due to the heat therefore all residents should place a bowl filled with water either on their terrace or at the entrance of their house so that thirsty birds can drink and you can enjoy peace of mind.''President of People for Animal (PFA) Ajay Jain has also appealed to Ludhianvis to be sensitive to birds and animals. ''Birds and animals also feel the heat just as we do and many die because they are not able to access water to drink,'' he said.Leading by example, residents of Sector 32, Chandigarh Road, have kept bowls in the public parks of their area and ensure that it is filled with fresh water twice a day. Ankit Chadha, a businessman staying in the area, said, ''Birds and animals need us to care for them.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13858405", "title": "Ranchi airport ahead of other metros in passenger percentage growth", "text": "RANCHI: Ranchi is flying high. City's Birsa Munda airport has left behind the premium airports in the country way behind in terms of maximum air passenger percentage growth. It has come seventh among all airports in India.The airport has handled 35.2% more passengers in 2011-12 than 2010-11 and left behind Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Bangalore and other cities in terms of maximum air passenger percentage growth. Delhi has handled 19.8%, Mumbai 5.8%, Chennai 7.3%, Kolkata 7.0%, Bangalore 9.5%, Hyderabad 11.1% more fliers than last year.Only six of the 46 airports in the country are ahead of Ranchi in 2011-12. Two years ago, Ranchi airport was below 30 airports in the country in the same growth term.According to the annual report on traffic growth issued by the Airports Authority of India's corporate planning and management services department, the number of flyers from the city airport has witnessed a 100% growth in the past four years.The report said a total of 4,91,418 people flew from here in 2011-12. The number of flyers from Ranchi was 2,47,349 in 2008-09. In 2009-10, a total of 2,73,763 passengers used the airport while in 2010-11 3,63,441 passengers took flights for various destinations across the country from here.The maximum air passenger percentage growth in 2009-10 was only 10.7%, which grew by three times in the next year. In 2010-11 the percentage growth was 32.8 and it grew to 35.2 in 2011-12.However, passenger growth has not encouraged the airport authorities to better passenger amenities inside the airport. \"There is no air conditioning system inside the airport except for the security hold area. The general passengers' lounge and other parts of the building are cooled by air coolers only,\" said a passenger.The airport has been receiving complaints from passengers with regard to congestion, sitting arrangements, and other necessary amenities.\"The growth represents the economic resurgence that Jharkhand is undergoing. People now have more purchasing power and want to spend. It has made Ranchi come seventh across all airports in the country,\" said airport director Raju Raghavendra Kumar.The airport will see more passengers' growth in the days to come. The airport is likely to get a new face as a world class integrated passenger terminal building is almost ready. The airport, which will have capacity to handle 500 domestic and 200 international passengers, will become functional this month itself.Currently, 10-odd flights of Air India, Jet Airways and GoAir operate between Delhi-Ranchi-Delhi, Kolkata-Ranchi-Kolkata and Mumbai-Ranchi-Mumbai from here.\"After its financial problems, Kingfisher Airlines withdrew all its flights on the Delhi-Ranchi-Delhi and the Mumbai-Ranchi-Mumbai sector which sent air fares going high,\" said an official. As there are only few flights currently as compared to six months ago, prices are up. But despite that, there has been no dearth of passengers.\"Few airlines are likely to introduce more flights. They are in touch with the officials concerned,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13862632", "title": "Kamal Haasan to direct Hollywood movie", "text": "One of Hollywood's most distinguished producers Barrie M Osborne who has produced the Lord Of The Rings series, is all set to produce a film starring and directed by Kamal Haasan.The Osborne-Kamal collaboration was initiated when Osborne watched Kamal Haasan's latest film Vishwaroop and apparently fell in love with the film. That's when Osborne proposed that Kamal Haasan do a film for him.Says a source, \"Right after the sceeening in LA earlier this month Barrie asked Kamal to find a script, direct it and star in it. Initially Kamal brushed it off. But Barrie was persistent, so much so that Kamal had to consider the offer very seriously. He has now zeroed-in on a subject which he will make for Barrie.\"The producer known for his big-budgeted Hollywood productions such as Dick Tracy, The Big Chill and Fandango (the film that apparently inspired Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara ) has liked the script suggested by Kamal Haasan. Details for the production including locations are now being worked out.Interestingly Barrie Osborne is a producer on The Great Gatsby, the new adaptation of the F. Scott Fitzgerald novel where the Big B in all his modesty, claims to have done a cameo. But Kamal Haasan who has known the Big B well when they worked in Geraftaar together, brushes off the senior actor's claim.\"His role in The Great Gatsby is certainly not small. Bachchan saab has a pivotal role. He plays the conduit between the two heroes. It may be small in terms of footage but it's a prominent part in the terms of impact, far more so than my friends Om Puri in Wolf or Anil Kapoor in Mission Impossible. \"Says Kamal Haasan, \"It's really not the right time to talk about it. But yes Osborne saw Vishwaroop and suggested we do something together. I'll talk about it after Vishwaroop is released.\"Osborne on his part, can't stop raving about Kamal Haasan and Vishwaroop. Says the Hollywood moghul, \"I love Kamal's acting, writing and directing. I loved the integrity of the film. The story is surprising and exciting. It gets you right into the movie and then keeps you off-balance.\"The Kamal-Big B-Osborne project could be the biggest Hollywood-Bollywood tie-up yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859090", "title": "2G scam: Told government in 2007 of irregularities, ex-Trai boss says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former telecom regulator Nripen Mishra told the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) on telecom that he had made a reference on a market-based mechanism for pricing 2G licences as increasing teledensity meant that the rates set in 2001 may not be relevant in 2008 when the airwaves were allotted.Mishra told the JPC that as licence and spectrum came together, his comment as part of a report suggested that the two would be better treated in an unbundled fashion. This was, however, not a recommendation and the observations did not find much resonance with the government.The former Trai chairperson is a crucial witness as he was the regulator when 2G licences were allotted during former telecom minister A Raja's tenure. Mishra also said that he had written to the government on more than one occasion in October, 2007 stating his objections. He had felt that there were irregularities in the allocation of licences.In response to questions from BJP's Ravi Shankar Prasad, Mishra said that he had outlined his objections and had also taken the view that auctions should be the option to allocate all spectrums other than 2G.The committee will meet on June 12 to discuss the list of witnesses, including whether to call serving ministers or even Raja and some of the officials who served under him and were in jail till recently. The meeting saw DMK's T R Baalu question Mishra over why he did not make a specific recommendation for auctions if he had felt strongly about irregularities in 2G licences.Mishra responded by saying that Trai is bound to respond to the reference made by the government and could not step outside it. He also pointed out that as licences and spectrum are bundled, there is no question of treating them separately.Mishra said that he had outlined his objections and had also taken the view that auctions should be the option to allocate all spectrums other than 2G.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858838", "title": "Adarsh scam probe: CBI keeps heat on Shinde, Deshmukh", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBI has shown no signs of letting two Union ministers off the hook in the Adarsh scam case. It told the Bombay high court that it is \"thoroughly investigating\" the allegations against Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushil Kumar Shinde , who are also former chief ministers of Maharashtra. Besides, the CBI says in its affidavit filed last week, it will look into acts of omissions and commissions made by public servants, including water resources minister Sunil Tatkare.The affidavit was in response to that filed by Praveen Wategaonkar, who sought a fresh probe against those named or referred to in the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India.The CBI said it had \"taken up the investigation\" after registering a case of cheating, forgery and corruption in January \"against R C Thakur, Ashok Chavan , the then chief minister of Maharashtra, K L Gidwani, Ramanand Tiwari, Subash Lalla and others\".Ravindra Singh, investigating officer from the CBI's anti-corruption bureau, said in the affidavit, \"I say that the CBI has examined all relevant witnesses including two previous CMs, the principal secretary and whatever evidence has come on record is being ascertained on the basis of other evidences.\" The probe details cannot be disclosed at this \"crucial stage\", the CBI said, as it plans to file its final report after completing investigations \"at the earliest\".Wategaonkar, whose petition resulted in the Bombay HC directing the Enforcement Directorate to probe the aspect of benami transactions and source of funds in the Adarsh housing society scam, had cited extracts of the CAG report to seek a probe against Deshmukh, Shinde and former principal secretary (revenue) D K Sankaran among others under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act and Prevention of Corruption Act. The report had said that \"Most decisions that were taken resulted in undue favour to the society. Many of the officials who were involved in such decisions were direct beneficiaries. Either they or their relations already were or later became members of the society...\"Wategaonkar also sought a probe against C S Sangitrao, a former city collector, and I A Kundan, Mumbai collector between 2007 and 2010. He also claimed that Krishnajirao Rakhmajirao Desai (alias) Babasaheb Kupekar, former speaker of the state legislative assembly, was a member in the Adarsh society though he allegedly owned a flat in a cooperative society in Powai under the government quota. Wategaonkar also sought a probe into the source of funding of Sanjoy, son of senior IAS officers D K Sankaran and Joyce Sankaran, who the IT department initially said had paid Rs 59 lakh through cheques; mode of payment of Rs 11 lakh was \"not yet known\". However, within months, the I-T department said he had paid the entire Rs 70 lakh through cheques and said the \"assessee has explained source of investment and hence no action taken under IT Act\". However, Wategaonkar said the bank slips and DDs of Sanjoy Sankaran \"be investigated expeditiously\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13859044", "title": "Water scarcity in Indore to worsen after 2015: Experts", "text": "INDORE: Water scarcity will continue to haunt Indore and it will aggravate further after 2015, believe water experts gathered at Jal Sansad here on Tuesday. They blamed it on the delay in implementing the Narmada project and lack of new water supply projects catering to the future needs of future Indore.The Jal Sansad pointed out that Narmada Phase I took six years for execution, Phase II took four years and the works of the third phase is expected go on for 15 years for making it operational. Now, the city is set to witness a phenomenal growth in the next few years but there is no plan or proposal in place to meet the future water requirements.\"Even today, we are facing water scarcity mainly because Phase III takes 15 years to get executed and still in progress,\" said Kishor Kodwani of Vikas Mitra Dhristi 2050.He further said that the first water line was laid in 1881 and at that time 9 MLD of water was brought from Bilwali for the then population, which was around 1.42 lakh. After decades, additional 32 MLD water was brought from Yeshwant Sagar and total water supply for city in 1939 had gone up to 41 MLD for around a population of 2 lakh.The city kept on growing and when population reached at 6.95 lakh in 1978, the Narmada first phase brought 91 MLD of water to the city taking total water supply to 132 MLD. The Narmada Phase II drew 223 MLD of water 11 lakh people in 1990. To keep the pace with the increasing water requirements, supply from Narmada Phase II was increased by another 19 MLD and total water supply touched 241 MLD for a populace of 16.26 lakh in 1999.The third phase of the Narmada water supply project was launched in 2010 and at present, the city gets 412 MLD of water, which is expected to go up to 595 MLD in 2015 for meeting the water requirements of a population of about 32 lakh.A city-based water expert, Rahul Banerjee , said that city would grow faster and the local administration does not have any plan to set up the infrastructure accordingly. Ground water level depleted alarmingly and it would worsen further in the coming years. \"But we have no plans to meet our water requirements,\" he said.Kodwani pointed that even today only around 60% houses have water supply and that too not sufficient. \"We are bringing industries and educational institutions, but we are not thinking of water,\" he said.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said that the civic body was aware of the water requirements and it was preparing plans to construct stop dam at Choral and increase water supply from Yeshwant Sagar. The civic body will soon prepare detail project report of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13860933", "title": "This brilliant student wants to conquer skies", "text": "KANPUR: Who says that talent and calibre is restricted to the creamy layer or higher income group? Who said that success can only be achieved with the blessings of father and mother? Ashutosh Pal, is an example for all the students who think that nothing can be achieved alone. This polite lad of a farmer, who is no more, bagged 70% marks in UP Board this year. This brilliant student manages his educational expenses by working as a labourer on daily wages. Hailing from an extremely poor background, this meritorious student, came out with flying colours. He now wants to be an IAF officer.For this sincere lad of Omkareshwar Saraswati Vidya Niketan Inter College, success has more to do with sincere efforts and hard work. Kudos to the spirit of Ashutosh, who came out triumphant, battling various limitations.His father is no more to bless or support him. This lad managed his educational expenses by working as a daily wage labourer. His mother worked in fields in the village.Unlike the other students of the school, he did not take any tuition and did self-study. The boy aspires to be an air force officer.\"I am thankful to my principal, who one day found me writing notes and took me to school. If he would not have given me the courage to face the world all alone, I would never have made my mother proud of me today,\" said Ashutosh.Commenting on the positive approach of Ashutosh, principal of Omkareshwar Saraswati Vidya Niketan Inter College Ram Milan Singh said, \"I am happy that he secured good marks in intermediate exam. This day is going to be one of the most memorable day in his life as it is his first step towards his success.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13857643", "title": "Beed doctor is not alone; two from Mumbai, Thane go scot-free", "text": "MUMBAI: It is not only Dr Sudam Munde from Beed district of Maharashtra, but at least two more from Mumbai and Thane who are still roaming scot-free and probably practising too.Almost a year after the authorities cracked down on clinics in Saki Naka and Thane, which conducted sex determination tests and offered sex selective abortion, no action has been taken against the doctors; only their ultrasound machines have been seized.Nearly 300 cases against such doctors are pending in courts in Maharashtra, of which 11 are in Mumbai.Last July, sting operations by Lek Ladki, an NGO, on Dr Ivan Rocha in Saki Naka and gynaecologist Dr Umesh Londhe and radiologist Dr V N Jawahar in Thane revealed that the clinics charged large sums from patients to conduct sex determination tests of unborn foetuses, and even offered to conduct an abortion to a volunteer. After this, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) had raided the clinic in Saki Naka and seized three ultrasound machines.Satara advocate Varsha Deshpande, who runs Lek Ladki, said both doctors continue to practice. \"Both continue to practice as gynecologists, though they cannot conduct sonographies anymore. The health offices concerned are supposed to keep a check on these doctors,\" she said, adding that for the activities these doctors have been committing, their registrations should be suspended for at least five years.As of now, court cases against these doctors are on. BMC says it has done its job by filing a case against the doctor. \"The case is on and we appear whenever called. We have written to the Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) to cancel the doctor's registration,\" said Dr Asha Advani of the BMC's PCPNDT cell.After the raid, during the month-long campaign, the civic body had sealed or seized 32 ultrasound machines for not adhering to rules prescribed under the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act. The Act was implemented in 1994 to prevent doctors from revealing the sex of a foetus after conducting ultrasound scans.But activists said at least seven machines in Mumbai and four in Thane have been released again. Statistics reveal that in the last one year, 47 doctors from Maharashtra have been found to be conducting sex determination and all have been let off on bail. \"About 300 cases in Maharashtra are pending in courts,\" said Deshpande. Mumbai's count of pending cases is 11, said Advani.MMC says unless it gets all legal documents from the civic authorities, it cannot cancel the registration of the doctors.But activists question MMC's decision to send the doctors the notices. \"All the doctors are culprits. Why should they be sent notices? Their registrations should be cancelled immediately,\" said Deshpande, who will soon discuss the issue with the state health minister.\"Even after the registration of a clinic or an ultrasound machine gets cancelled, it does not stop the doctors from practicing elsewhere. Also, radiologists and gynaecologists who genuinely commit a mistake by not filling a patient's form completely are punished the same as those who conduct sex determination and selection,\" said Dr Jignesh Thakker, general secretary, Indian Radiological and Imaging Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13858998", "title": "25-year-old bus operator shot in broad daylight over old rivalry", "text": "INDORE: In a suspected battle for gaining supremacy over the 'lucrative' Indore-Bhopal route, a 25-year-old bus operator was allegedly shot dead on Tuesday morning by two unidentified mobike-borne assailants at the Sarvate bus stand here. The deceased has been identified as Manoj Sonkar, son of Kishanlal Sonkar and resident of Luniapura in the city.Soon after the death of the young bus operator, his angry relatives took out protests in the city blocking the AB Road and they withdrew only after assurance from senior police officials that the accused would be arrested soon.Meanwhile, police have reportedly received the CCTV footage of the incident and sources said that it would help them crack the case soon.Senior superintendent of police (SSP) A Sai Manohar said that the incident took place at around 9 am when Manoj was coming out of a temple close to the bus stand after offering prayers. The assailants allegedly opened fire on Manoj at point-blank range when he stepped out of the temple. Terming the murder as a pre-planned one, the SSP said that the assailants were waiting outside the temple for him to come out for executing the plot.According to him, the bullet hit in the left chest of the victim and the accused fled the spot on a mobike. Though Manoj was rushed to a nearby private hospital, he was declared brought dead by the doctors attended him.On receiving the information, the SSP along with other police officials rushed to the hospital, where they faced intense protests from the relatives of the deceased.Manohar refused to draw a conclusion on the motive behind murder. He said that there was a fight between Manoj and one Rakesh a few days ago related to parking issue of the buses at the bus stand adding that the reason that led to the murder would be uncovered only after the arrest of Rakesh.Interestingly, the police aid post is hardly 500 metre from the spot of the murder and the office of the SSP is also not very far from there.Meanwhile, the enraged relatives of Manoj took the protests to the streets demanding the immediate arrest of the people behind the murder and it blocked the busy AB Road for a few minutes. The police had to work hard for pacifying the agitated relatives and they withdrew only after the assurance that the accused would be nabbed soon.The victim's family members accused Madhav, Rakesh, Nirmal and Bharat behind the murder. Their details are not available now. Manoj's family members said that he returned from Bhopal on Tuesday at 4 am around and went to the bust stand at 9 am. Usually, he was accompanied by friends and relatives but on Tuesday, he was alone, said the family members.Manoj and Rakesh are operating buses on the Indore-Bhopal route. Manoj had finalised a deal of one more bus on the route and police suspected that it could be a reason behind the murder.Choti Gwaltoli police have registered the case under Section 302 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13859887", "title": "Remote airstrips sitting ducks for terrorists", "text": "Dogs loitering on runways. People cycling on landing strips. No perimeter fencing. A few desultory policemen. This is the scene that often greets one at numerous airstrips across the country.Under normal circumstances this wouldn't raise eyebrows. But with the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS) on May 7 warning airlines of human bombs, this slackness could prove costly. Remote airstrips used by corporates and politicians could become sitting ducks for attacks, say pilots who fly there. \"What's to stop bombs, guns and counterfeit money from being planted in a plane? The hijacking of IC-814 in 1999 showed how easy it was to do this,\" says a pilot. The use of moldable plastic explosives against the wife of an Israeli diplomat in Delhi showed how easy they were to handle.Small airports are a disaster waiting to happen. Vikas Dhal, operations manager of EIH Ltd, a company having a King Air and a Hawker 850 XP, said that small airfields often have no fencing, X-ray machines or navigational and technical support. \"Cattle, even pigs, often amble on the Sawai Madhopur airstrip. The few policemen who are there are neither duty-bound nor equipped to secure the airstrip. Our company has stopped flying to such strips since last year as it wasn't safe.\"Many of the airstrips were built during World War II and are now owned either by the Airports Authority of India, defence, states or private parties. \"For the most part, there are neither pre- nor post-flight checks,\" says a pilot. But a senior BCAS official said, \"We have set norms for all aircraft, be they scheduled or non-scheduled. These have to be followed by both.\"Most of these airstrips, between 3,000-9,000 ft long, are desolate. Even Akbarpur, ex-UP chief minister Mayawati's constituency, has an airstrip which is crumbling. There are no guards and the boundary wall is broken. The landing strip, covered with mud, is often used to learn driving or for local cricket matches. The area nearby is used for grazing cattle. Despite being owned by the district administration, no official from Ambedkar Nagar was willing to comment on this sorry state of affairs.Often, when a plane lands in a remote place, permission is sought from the district magistrate, who provides security, ambulance and fire tenders. Seems foolproof, but the reality is different. One pilot remembers flying a filmstar to a remote area after being assured by him that the DM had been informed. When they arrived there, there was no security. The star had simply forgotten to inform the official. \"It's not uncommon to find security personnel with their backs to the approaching plane, either eating or loitering,\" he says.Pilots are also worried about being given final responsibility for the baggage in the hold. \"I don't have the means to check bags. Plus, with what authority can I check the bags of the VVIPs I fly?\" asks a miffed pilot. Even airfields close to metros are not secured. At Juhu Aerodrome, the busiest general aviation airport, the northern and south-western sides are not secure, says a pilot. It has 27 security guards which is quite inadequate. Plans are afoot to get 25 cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "munger", "code": "13858358", "title": "Maoists behead three more abducted villagers", "text": "MUNGER: Maoists beheaded three more people they had abducted on Saturday last from Bara Basdeopur village under the Haveli Kharagpur police station in Munger district. The bodies of two victims with slit throats were recovered two days ago. The Maoists had abducted five people from that village. The abducted persons included a sarpanch and an ex-Armyman.Haveli Kharagpur SDPO K Chandra said the bodies of Sanjay Paswan, a resident of village Mohanpur and sarpanch of Muradpur panchayat, Saurab Das of Gazipur Khanqah and Pramod Paswant were found on Tuesday morning in Bhimbandh forest area near Parmanand village, about 9 km away from Bara Basdeopur village.The bodies of Bajrangi Paswan (55), a resident of village Dariyapur, an ex-Armyman and Madan Das, a resident of Gandhi Tola Banbarsa of west Ramankabad under the Haveli Kharagpur police station were found on Sunday. The Maoists had also left handwritten leaflets near the bodies declaring they had been punished for passing information to the police and also realizing levy in their names.However, these allegations were denied by the family members of the slain villagers. The ex-Armyman after his retirement was committed to the service of the society by deciding petty cases by holding panchayats. Bajrangi was engaged in one such vital panchayat, when he was called in by some known persons even though many persons in the panchayat had requested him not to leave the panchayat meeting.Munger SP P Kannan said the assailants have not been nabbed so far. Police are conducting raids on their hideouts, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13858168", "title": "Minister invites AIFF, IFA to discuss Man United-Juventus tie", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government informed the national football federation ( AIFF) on Tuesday about the Manchester United-Juventus match tentatively scheduled for August 1 at the Salt Lake stadium, claiming it had resolved a \"communication gap\" with the federation and promising that the marquee match remains on track.A day after TOI reported the Red Devils and the Serie A champions would play the match in the city, state sports minister Madan Mitra said the government would soon speak to Union sports minister Ajay Maken .\"It's a golden opportunity and we don't want to let go of it,\" Mitra said, adding he would hold a video-conference with United's global sponsorship director Casper Stylsvig and Juventus official Francesco Calvo on June 7 or 8.\"I have already spoken to Das and Utpal Ganguly (IFA secretary) in detail and have requested them to remain present during the video-conference. The ambiguity has been resolved. After Lionel Messi , if United and Juventus are here to play, it will boost the credentials of this city and we can host more international matches.\" Mitra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13860071", "title": "Now, give a call and get coconuts plucked", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Plucking coconuts has now been made easy. Chaithanya Pastoral Centre, Thellakom, will be at your service if you are looking for someone to pluck coconuts from your trees. All you need to do is dial the number 9496241100 and do the booking.This facility is the result of a joint venture between Kottayam Social Service Society (KSSS), the social service wing of Kottayam Archdiocese, and Coconut Development Board.Chaithanya, the pastoral centre of the Archeparchy of Kottayam, is the head office. Currently there are 13 trained persons, including women, in this squad. They move about in a modified green Omni van. A replica of a coconut tree is fixed on the rear and messages about preservation of coconuts and the contact number of the squad are displayed on the van.The project is called 'KSSS friends of coconut, coconut protection forum'. Their service is available from 8.30am to 5pm. They charge Rs 30 a tree and depending on the number of trees, the rate may also come down.On the first day of the project on Tuesday, there were around 350 calls seeking the team's service, said Fr Michael Vettikkatt, secretary, KSSS. They received calls from across the district. Since the demand for the squad is high, the society is planning to sort the bookings in such a way that the team can operate in a particular locality on a given day.The members of the team have uniforms and identity cards too.This project came up in connection with the 'Friends of coconut tree' campaign by Coconut Development Board.With a serious view to tackling the problem of shortage of palm climbers, the board conducted training programmes for underemployed youth in developing special skills and confidence in coconut palm climbing and plant protection activities for the benefit of the coconut community as a whole. As part of this, 143 youth were given training in Chaithanya this year. The six-day training included classes by agricultural experts and training programmes for coconut climbing by master trainers of the board. It was a residential training programme and no fee was charged.At the end of the training each student was provided with a stipend of Rs 900, a certificate from the board and a coconut climbing machine. The centre also provided an insurance cover of Rs 1 lakh for those who wanted to pursue this as a profession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858310", "title": "Maharashtra grace marks row: Relief for Class IX &amp; X students", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major relief for Class IX and X students, the state government has decided to defer its policy on grace marks by a year. A circular issued last year made it compulsory for students of classes IX and XI to score a minimum of 25% in theory papers of mathematics and science to be eligible for grace marks. However, after several complaints about mass failures in various schools and colleges, the government decided to defer its policy by one year.\"Most students and parents claimed that they were unaware about the circular. Since there were too many cases of mass failures reported this year, the state government had to take a decision,\" said Sarjerao Jadhav, chairman of the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education.The government had already deferred the policy for Class XI students in May, after 55% FYJC students of Bhavan's Hazarimal Somani College of Arts and Science failed this year. After the change in policy, the college promoted 46% of the students who had failed earlier. Students are now eligible for 30 grace marks for three subjects, 10 marks in each subject.The issue first came to light in May after 150 out of 289 students in Class IX of Antonio Desouza High School flunked in mathematics and science. In another instance, Class IX students of another south Mumbai school faced a similar fate. School principals said it was a fallout of the Right to Education (RTE) Act, which makes it compulsory for students to be promoted till Class VIII. Education officials, however, checked the school's results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13861947", "title": "Riteish\u2019s gigolo act at a five-star", "text": "We catches up with the actor on the sets of his next film Kya Super Kool Hain HumRiteish Deshmukh is a DJ who gets mistaken for a gigolo by a group of giggly girls. That in a nutshell is the sequence of Kya Super Kool Hain Hum being shot on the seventh floor of a five star in Powai.As we settle down, Riteish explains the scene to us. \"I play the role of a DJ. My friend has asked me to meet a potential client in the hotel. However, I end up meeting the wrong people - a group of girls who mistake me for a gigolo. They ask me how much I charge and I innocently tell them my rate. It gets very chaotic after that,\" says the actor.Much of the film's raunchy humour stems from this case of mistaken identity, says director Sachin Yardi. \"Riteish talks like a DJ. He tells the girls - Mujhe bajana aata hai . So they ask him till when can he ' bajao '. He tells them - Main do ghante tak bajata hoon. Extra bajane ka extra charge lagega .\"With enough raunchy lines for the day, we choose to move on to other people on the sets. That's exactly when we spot tattoos on Riteish's forearm. \"It's just for the film, yaar, \" the actor laughs it off.A little later, the other male lead Tusshar walks in. He has a night shift. \"The film has a lot of references to other movies. But it's not a spoof. It's done in the right way,\" Tusshar tells us.Slated for an August 2 release, the Balaji Motion Pictures project is four days away from completion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13858737", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal new Team Anna mascot", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time, Team Anna will have a new mascot in its posters with Arvind Kejriwal's images being used in campaign material seeking support for its indefinite fast from July 25.One of the four posters has the image of Kejriwal alone while in another he shares space with Anna Hazare. The activist's picture is used in only one poster. None of the other activists appear on them.The campaign 'The Enemies of Jan Lokpal' on India Against Corruption website was launched on Tuesday after Hazare announced that his team will tour to educate people about the corruption charges against the PM and other ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13858988", "title": "HC directs probe in allegations against Indian Institute of Management Indore director", "text": "INDORE: The Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh High Court has directed the ministry of human resources development (HRD) and the Chairman and board of governors of the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Indore to inquire into allegations of financial irregularities leveled against the director of IIM-I, N Ravichandran.The court issued the directives after hearing a writ petition that was filed by Dr P.K Singh and six others on May 28, 2012. Justice U.C Maheshwari disposed of the matter saying that the complaints maybe inquired in to and a report be submitted within six months. Advocate Vivek Dalal is representing Singh in the court.Nearly six months back, eight professors of IIM-I had registered their complaints with the former chairman of IIM-I L N Jhunjhunwala alleging financial irregularities and corruption by the director of the institute.According to sources, Jhunjhunwala had asked the professors to report to him personally on April 9 but director did not allow them following which former chairman resigned from the post. The complaints were also sent to the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) but no action was taken.After receiving cold shoulder response from various quarters on their complaints the faculty members moved court. The faculty members have submitted a 20-page complaint against the director of the institute alleging financial irregularities. A separate petition was filed in the Indore bench of MP High Court against Ravichandran alleging plagiarism in research papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13858148", "title": "Discreet role for special police officers in Gadchiroli", "text": "NAGPUR: The special police officers are slated to play more crucial roles in coming days in Naxal-affected Gadchiroli. With the state's losing interest in police patils in villages, the roles of SPOs in the remote areas would get redefined now.Apart from using them as guides in the jungles during operations and patrolling, the SPOs may also be entrusted to collect inputs about Naxal movement from remote areas. Though the other details have been kept guarded for security purpose, it is learnt that the identities of SPOs would be kept under wraps.The Gadchiroli police had inducted around 200 tribal youths as SPO with a monthly remuneration of around Rs 3,000 last year. They were given three month commando training and would likely be distributed between Gadchiroli and Aheri police headquarters. The plan had bombed with two SPOs falling victim to Naxal bullets during an encounter at Beijur phata in south Gadchiroli last year. Gadchiroli police's decision to provide arms to SPOs too had come under severe criticism then. The Supreme court also came down heavily on Chhattisgarh government for arming SPOs. The process was then halted at Gadchiroli too.The issue was recently revived after state director general of police K Subramaniam hinted to TOI that the SPOs would be used instead of police patils.The state top cop had indicated that SPOs would be given responsibility as the performance of police patils was not satisfactory. State home minister RR Patil, during his last visit to the district, had said that the district administration would be soon sending a report on the performance of police patils with recommendation on whether there was any requirement to retain the post any more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13858738", "title": "Join hands with developers of the Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city corporation has invited applications from residents to join the City Technical Advisory Group, a technical committee that provides valuable inputs to the civic body in implementing various developmental works and projects.The application forms can be obtained from the group's coordinator's office, which is also the office for the IC Centre for Governance, anchor NGO for JNNURM projects, in the main corporation office complex. So far, 40 applicants have approached the civic body and have expressed their interest in joining the group.\"It is a very good initiative for the city residents to assist the elected council representatives and officials of the corporation in the execution of the development projects,\" said P Vijayakumar, a jeweller, who came to collect application on Tuesday.The applicants are basically required to affix their passport size photograph along with personal details. An undertaking has to be given that the individual is not affiliated to any political party or outfit to ensure that the technical advisory group remains a non-partial group. The professional expertise and personal awards and honours received are also to be mentioned in the form. The filled-in applications should be submitted within 10 days but a final date has not been fixed yet.\"We generally ask the public to collect the application form and return it after filling it at the earliest,\" said S Baskar, coordinator, City Technical Advisory Group.At present, there are 30 members on the advisory council, but 10 of them were removed from the membership since they were not actively participating in the meetings of the group.The new members for advisory group will be selected after consultation with the corporation commissioner, the mayor and senior members of the group. The normal tenure of the group is two years but extensions could be given after consulting with local officials of the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13860930", "title": "Karnataka govt to woo industrialists with tax sops in Global Investors' Meet", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karnataka government is all set to woo industrialists through sops in the forthcoming Global Investors' Meet 2012. The state is ready to extend a slew of incentives and concessions for projects worth Rs 250 crore that are coming outside Bangalore. The Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL) here is expected to be one of the beneficiaries.With planned investment of Rs 15,000 in the region in the phase III of its project, MRPL, a subsidiary of ONGC , is all set to get a major chunk of the sops in addition to those announced in the State Industrial Policy. Dropping broad hints at the proposed sops, CM DV Sadananda Gowda said, \"Concessions are inevitable as neighbouring states are wooing potential investors with sops far greater than what state is giving.\"CM told TOI here that the state had been a tad slow in reaching out to the needs of industrialists compared to states such as Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh who were offering nearly 100% sops. Pointing to the case of MRPL, CM said their phase III investment would have a major bearing on economic progress of the coastal district. \"We are largely going to consider their request for VAT deferment for a period of 18-years,\" CM said.Sops to MRPL are nothing new. The company received Rs 40 crore per annum tax holiday for 11 years for its phase I in mid 1990s and a deferment in payment of central sales tax (CST). For phase II, MRPL received entry tax exemption on crude oil and CST exemption in early 2000. MRPL for its phase III had sought Rs 500 crore of VAT deferment, abolition of entry tax on crude, CST exemption and one time exemption of entry tax on capital goods.\"Their turnover starts once their production starts, and the state's economy stands to benefit in the longer run once the tax holiday ends,\" the CM added.Sources in MRPL told TOI that they were yet to receive any official communication from the government regarding their requests for tax sops and might get them once GIM is over. \"The sops given to MRPL for phase I is almost over and phase II will be over in a couple of years,\" the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13857125", "title": "Lady doctor leaves green footprints to office", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dr Niyati Lakhani, 46, left her home early at 4 am for work. She had to reach her office \u2014 Gandhinagar Civil Hospital \u2014 in time at 10 am sharp. But then she had to leave in the wee hours as she had decided to give her car a miss and walk 30 km from her home in Paldi to Gandhinagar instead!Dr Niyati, who walked on the World Environment Day on Tuesday without making any noise about her journey on foot, says she wanted to leave some green footprints as her contribution to saving planet earth.Interestingly, the idea to walk the long road to office in Gandhinagar stemmed from the recent petrol hike which had the countrymen including people in her hospital up in arms. \"I realized that common man had little scope to fight the inflation battle. The only way out is to limit the need\", says Dr Niyati who is head of the paediatric surgery department at Gandhinagar Civil Hospital.And walking to office was her one step forward to limit her need for fuel. She says that off late she makes it a point not to take her car to places around the house when she goes buying grocery or running errands.Of course, she had kept her husband, plastic surgeon Dr Ashwin Lakhani, in the dark about her long journey to office which began when the sky was still dark. \"He called me up and said I was crazy but then one needs to do crazy things to ensure sanity on the earth\", says Dr Niyati. The surgeon said that though the long road to office was smooth, she was harassed by two things \u2014 street dogs which chose to chase her during early morning, and the bottle of water she had forgotten to carry!\"I was scared for a moment when the dogs came near me but fortunately they decided to let me go. The only drink I got was sugarcane juice near Indroda circle\", says the gusty doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13858454", "title": "Workshop for MLAs ahead of assembly session", "text": "PANAJI: A month before the monsoon assembly session begins, members of the state legislative assembly will go through an orientation workshop to familiarize themselves with the procedure and functioning of the assembly.Speaking to TOI, speaker of the state legislative assembly Rajandra Arlekar said that he has decided to hold a two-day workshop on June 8 and 9 for all MLAs. \"Basically, around 50% of the MLAs are new and I don't want any effect on the functioning of the assembly. This workshop will be held for new and senior members of the House and will cover topics such as calling attention, zero hour, question hour, public important issue and how to raise other issues in the assembly,\" Arlekar said.The two-day workshop will be inaugurated by governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo and resource persons for the workshop would be Subhash Kashyap, former secretary general of Lok Sabha; R Kothandaraman, former secretary of the Goa legislative assembly; Shekar Narayanan, deputy CAG and Atmaram Nadkarni, advocate general of Goa .\"The workshop will also include a leadership development session, including a session on responsibility of the legislature,\" Arlekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13859290", "title": "Charred body of disabled woman found", "text": "CHENNAI: The charred body of a 23-year-old disabled woman was found on Monday at her partner's house in Perumalpet near Tiruvallur, 50km from Chennai. A hunt is on for the woman's partner.Police said M Seetha from Tirunindravur didn't come home on Sunday night and her father Vijayan, 53, a private firm employee, searched for her. Some of her colleagues at an export company in Pataravakkam near Ambattur told him about her affair with Satish, 26, a security guard at the company.Seetha's parents then went to Satish's house in Perumalpet. They found the door latched from outside and smoke emanating from a room. Police soon rushed there and recovered Seetha's charred body which was sent to the government hospital in Tiruvallur for postmortem.The Sevvapet police registered a case under CrPC Section 174 (suspicious death) and special teams were formed to nab Satish.Based on the information provided by the deceased's family and friends, police said Seetha had married Vijay a few years ago. After his death in a rail accident, she continued working at the export firm where she met Satish a few months ago and the two developed a physical relationship, police said.23-year-old Seetha was an employee of an export company in Ambattur. He body was found at her partner's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859994", "title": "\u2018Muslim girls can wed at 15 without parental consent\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ruling that a Muslim girl can marry a person of her choice if she has attained puberty i.e. 15 years, the Delhi high court has held the marriage of a minor valid and allowed her to stay in her matrimonial house.\"According to Mohammedan Law, a girl can marry without the consent of her parents once she attains the age of puberty and she has the right to reside with her husband even if she is below the age of 18....,\" a bench of justices S Ravindra Bhat and S P Garg observed while accepting the minor's plea to allow her to stay in her matrimonial home.Citing various verdicts of the Supreme Court, the bench disposed of a petition filed by the girl's mother alleging that her daughter was kidnapped by a youth and forced into marriage in April last year.HC said that it is clear that a Muslim girl who has \"attained puberty, i.e. 15 years, can marry and such a marriage would not be void. However, she has the option of treating the marriage as voidable, at the time of her attaining the age of majority, i.e 18 years\".The bench accepted the 16-year-old's statement that she had left her parental home to marry the man of her choice and her husband should not be booked on the charge of kidnapping. Meanwhile, to ascertain the girl's well being, the court has directed the couple and in-laws to appear before a CWC once in every six months till the girl attains majority.The girl's mother had claimed in petition that after abducting the girl on March 13 last year, the man telephoned her threatening to kidnap her other daughter if any legal action was taken against him. An FIR was registered on April 14 in Gokalpuri police station, northeast Delhi stating that the man had kidnapped the minor. The mother said police had not taken any action, forcing her to approach the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13859309", "title": "Chidambaram, GoM visit Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre, meet victims of gas tragedy, doctors", "text": "BHOPAL: The group of ministers (GoM) on Bhopal Gas disaster, headed by Union home minister P Chidambaram had a first hand experience about the sufferings of the victims when they met three young gas victims in their 30s at the intensive cardiac care unit (ICCU) of the Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BMHRC) here on Tuesday.All three, exposed to poisonous gas that leaked from the Union Carbide plant on December 2-3, 1984, suffered heart attacks and are undergoing treatment.One of the three patients awaits a pacemaker transplant. A visibly moved minister for law and minority affairs Salman Kurshid later said, \"We have analyzed the situation. We will put forth mechanisms before the GoM to better serve the gas victims.\"\"He (Chidambaram) inquired about the services available for patients at the hospital and diseases linked to the tragedy,\" said a BMHRC employee.After a visit to the cardiac CCU, the three Union ministers visited the pulmonary wing, ophthalmology department too, which was not in the itinerary, said a BMHRC official. In the absence of a consultant, the pulmonary department is run by medical officer. Pulmonary and eye ailments have affected most gas victims, said the official.\"We informed them that most patients referred here are for cataract and glaucoma,\" said HoD ophthalmology, Dr Dolly Chandra. However, the department been waiting for new equipment for four years now, she added. The most important is the need for a new posterior vitrectomy machine used for retina surgery.Speedy sanction: Chidambaram assured to speed up sanction for pending issues and purchase of equipment. BMHRC sources said that purchase list of 25 medical equipments, has been pending since the dissolution of the Bhopal memorial hospital trust (BMHT) in 2010. It includes catheterization laboratory or cath lab for cardiac procedures, posterior vitrectomy machine used retina surgery, amongst others.Special advisory committee headed by Indian council for medical research (ICMR) director's representative in Bhopal Dr V K Vijayan has been entrusted with the task of procurement of equipment. A purchase of up to Rs 25 lakh can now be directly approved by the BMHRC director Dr K K Maudar.ICMR director general, Dr Katoch said, \"They (the GoM members) assessed the situation at BMHRC. Once they communicate their impressions to the Union health minister, we would take note of the feedback.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13858071", "title": "\u2018Tobacco addiction higher among unskilled workers\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Walk down the road and most people you encounter, autodrivers, rickshaw-pullers, vendors, construction workers will be chewing some form of tobacco. One may think these they may not be aware of the harms these products can cause. However, a survey has revealed that most of them are aware of the evils of the products but are still unwilling or unable to give up the habit.A few interns at the Government Dental College and Hospital (GDCH) conducted a survey among unskilled workers of the city to assess their tobacco addiction levels. Most shocking finding was that the highest number of addicts were in age group of 20 to 40. \"The survey included 310 unskilled workers of the city and was done by 12 interns under the interns' module as per the guidelines of Dental Council of India. They found most people addicted to tobacco showing some kind of precancerous condition,\" said Dr Vinay Hazarey, dean of GDCH. He said survey done without use of any sophisticated tools was aimed at connecting the students directly to the target population of tobacco addicts.\"The kind and extent of misconceptions among the people we surveyed is just scary. Some thought it was a crime to be consuming these products and we were questioning them on behalf of government authorities. This fear meant they were not very open in the beginning,\" said Dr Hunaid Merchant, one of the interns who conducted the survey.His colleague Dr Gunjam Pagariya added, \"despite knowing that the habit would eventually cause cancer and other diseases, 90% people were reluctant to give up even when we offered help. This is especially bad considering that a majority of them are very young.\" Most did not even know the concept of cessation or that there was medical help available if they wished to give up the addiction, she added.\"Most already had conditions like submucous fibrosis (difficulty in opening the mouth) and white patches in their mouths which are pre-cancerous conditions. We advised them some mouth exercises, diet changes and medication. However, they can safeguard themselves against cancer only if they give up tobacco,\" said Dr Shridhar Limbiar, another intern associated with the survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13858852", "title": "Doctors go on indefinite stir, protest assault on PG student", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over one thousand medical students, including home surgeons and post graduates, sat on an indefinite strike at Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital demanding that the government immediately implement the Tamil Nadu Hospital Protection Act, 2008, declaring hospitals as protected zones.The decision follows unsatisfactory response from the government after a postgraduate student at General Government Hospital in Chennai was allegedly assaulted by attendants of a patient recently.\"Doctors are frequently attacked by attendants who accompany patients at the government hospitals,\" K Shankar, a post graduate student, told TOI.\"We understand that people accompanying patients are worried. However it has been noticed that more than immediate relatives it is non-family members accompanying patients who indulge in such acts. They abuse and threaten doctors to put pressure on them,\" he said.The government has not completely acted on the demands placed by doctors to implement the Tamil Nadu Medicare Service Persons and Medical Service Institutions Act 2008, which prevents violence and damage or loss to property.Lack of implementation of the Act has resulted in medical service persons coming under frequent attacks, he added.Despite the strike, work at the hospital went on smoothly and patients were attended to by regular doctors. Nearly 300 doctors were available throughout the day to treat patients, said P Sivaprakasam, resident medical officer. He said nearly 400 patients were attended to at out patient wards, 80 cases were admitted in the hospital and 40 surgeries including 33 major and 7 minor surgeries were conducted on the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13857533", "title": "2008 blasts: Trial from July 1", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Four years after the incident, the newly designated judge Jyotsnaben Yagnik may begin trial in the sensitive serial blasts case.The judge has asked all lawyers representing the prosecuting agency as well as 68-odd accused to be ready with the case on July 1, as the court would start day-to-day hearing. Sources said that the judge even expressed willingness to initiate trial by examining formal witnesses much before July 1, if prosecution is ready for the same.The proceedings in the case will take place in the Sabarmati Central Jail, as the state government has invoked section 268 of CrPC against the alleged terrorists restricting their movement outside prison.Additional principal sessions judge, Yagnik is the third regular designated judge to conduct the trial in the case. The first two judges designated in the case were Bela Trivedi and V P Patel. Two other judges were given charge of the case in the meantime, but it was for the purpose of conducting the proceeding on miscellaneous applications.On the day the Supreme Court stayed the trial \u2014 February 15, 2010 \u2014 the then special judge, Trivedi framed charges against 65 accused.The stay was vacated on July 6 last year, and the court was to frame charges against three more accused, who were arrested in the meantime.However, till date the process of recording evidence has not started. The prosecution insists on altering charges against those who were charged two years ago. While, this issue has not been resolved yet, three more accused have been arrested by the probe agency.The arrests have been made in this case from 11 states. Most of those arrested also face trial in different cases in respective courts outside the state. Currently, many of such accused are being tried through video conferencing in courts in Karnataka, Rajasthan and MP, though they are lodged in Sabarmati jail.On July 26, 2008, 57 persons lost their lives in the city to 20 bombings allegedly carried out by the Indian Mujahideen (IM) apparently for the 2002 riots reprisal. On the next day, 26 bombs were found from Surat, besides a car laden with explosives. There are 35 FIRs that are clubbed together to conduct one trial. Nearly 24 accused are still absconding in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13857490", "title": "Woman files rape complaint against Amreli lawyer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A married woman who lives in Anandnagar, has accused a lawyer Mohit Adhvaryu, a resident of Amreli, of raping her. A city police team has left for Amreli to arrest the accused lawyer.The woman in her complaint has alleged that she is going through some marital problems with her husband. She was sharing her woes with a friend over telephone. Some of the SMSes she sent to her friend went mistakenly to Mohit. The lawyer then called up the woman and started building up a rapport. He also assured to help her get out of the legal tangle that her marital dispute is likely to cause.More than one-and-a-half years back Mohit reached the city and got in touch with the woman. The victim has claimed in her police complaint that she was threatened by the lawyer. \"She says that Mohit had threatened to show her SMSes to her husband and then using this he blackmailed her and forced her to establish a physical relationship with him,\" said Anandnagar police.The forced intimacy between the two continued over a period of one-and-a-half years. Recently, however the matter took a turn for the worse when Mohit demanded a sum of Rs 5 lakh from the victim. He once again threatened her with dire consequences. Finally, the woman approached the Anandnagar police and filed a complaint on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13860696", "title": "Alappuzha to set up biogas plants to fight waste issue", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: In a bid to find a permanent solution for the garbage problems, Alappuzha municipality decided to set up biogas plants in all the houses with the support of Suchitwa Mission.This was decided at a meeting held at the municipal office here on Tuesday. Municipal chairperson Mercy Diana Masido presided over the meeting.Councillors and residents association representatives, leaders of various political parties also attended the meeting.After the meeting, Mercy told reporters that two plastic buckets would also be allotted to each house in the 10 wards of the municipality to separate plastic waste and biodegradable waste.\"In the first phase, plastic buckets will be allotted to the families of 10 wards and later the buckets will be allotted to the families of other 40 wards,'' she said.\"The plastic waste will be used for commercial purpose and a training programme will be conducted for Kudumbashree workers to separate plastic and biodegradable waste. A special team constituted by the municipal authorities will meet chief minister Oommen Chandy on Thursday seeking his help for solving the waste problems of the town. The municipality also decided to submit special projects to Suchitwa Mission as an immediate solution for the waste problems of the town,'' Mercy said.However, Youth Congress workers condcuted a march to Alappuzha municipality on Tuesday demanding the resignation of the municipal chairperson.Though the march turned violent, police brought the situation under control.Alappuzha North Police also registered cases against the Youth Congress workers in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859464", "title": "Duo arrested for teasing housewife", "text": "KOLKATA: Two members of a south Kolkata-based promoting syndicate have been arrested for teasing the daughter-in-law of Bimal Guha, president of Bengal Taxi Association.Police said the woman was returning from Hosseinpur after attending a motor-training class. Two motor bike-borne youths started following her and passed lewd comments.The duo turned violent when she protested. A complaint was later lodged at Garpha police station. Cops took pro-active steps on Tuesday and rounded up the two accused, identified as Kapil Sharma and Tapas Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13860051", "title": "Bugs plague Delhi University website on second day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University is struggling to get its online act right while St Stephen's College has received tremendous response to its online registration process. Of a total 13,100 registrations, 10,900 came from online mode for the college. Meanwhile, problems continued with DU's online applications with many aspirants from outside Delhi calling up helplines saying they could not access the form.Though DU is working on setting up a payment gateway, teething troubles in the online registration process continued on Tuesday. Earlier in the day, many aspirants complained they could not access the registration page on the DU website despite repeated attempts. \"When I clicked on the link flashing on the home page of the DU website, it did not open. Initially, I thought the connection was slow but then I realized there was problem with the site,\" said Shivani Garg, an aspirant from Ramesh Nagar. Even DU helplines were buzzing with calls from anxious aspirants outside Delhi for whom online registration had come as a boon. South Campus helplines must have received more than 30 calls from different cities in the north. \"There were calls from Meerut, Solan, Mandi, Bijnor and even Pune. The aspirants said the required page was not opening. It seems there was some technical problem at our end because of which people at different locations could not access the form,\" said a counsellor, who did not wish to be named.According to J M Khurana, dean students' welfare, there were 16,000 online registrations on day two taking the total number of registrations to 34,000. But with the payment gateway option still not in place, aspirants are not able to make the final submissions. \"The gateway will be in place latest by Friday, though we are trying to rectify the problem before that,\" Khurana said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13859004", "title": "'Need a Vishakha Samiti office in every district'", "text": "NASHIK: The first district-level meeting of the Mahila Zilla Sallagar Samiti to discuss women's issues concluded with a decision taken to set up a proper Vishakha Samiti in every district office.The Women and Child Welfare Division conducted its first district-level meeting on Tuesday at the district collector's office in the presence of all the members of the Samiti. According to a government resolution this year, the Women and Child Welfare Division, Maharashtra, has been asked to conduct meetings relating to women's issues in order to protect their rights under the Domestic Violence Act, 2005.\"We had general discussions regarding women's issues and shared information. It was decided that a committee, Vishakha Samiti, should be set up to conduct surveys and consequently speed up cases,\" said H A Wagh, one of the employees of the Women and Child Welfare Division, near Nasardi Bridge, Nashik-Pune Road.\"Complaints can be registered with this committee and a meeting will be conducted once a month to discuss issues. According to the rules, there has to be one such committee in every district but in most places it does not exist. We have it in Nashik. How many cases have been registered against domestic violence and how many are pending has to be presented to the committee. Ideally, such cases have to be heard and completed within 60 days. But, this does not happen. This committee will take care of all this,\" he said.He added that in the next meeting, to be held after three months, women's welfare departments throughout the district will prepare and present their data. Heads of all the departments of the women's cell were present for the meeting, which was conducted in the absence of the district collector, who was out of the city, and the resident district collector who was also not available. It was conducted under the guidance of the Nashik women's cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858279", "title": "Mumbai gets green gift on Environment Day", "text": "MUMBAI: On the occasion of World Environment Day, a viewing gallery dedicated to climate change was unveiled at Nehru Science Centre in Worli on Tuesday.Tata Institute of Fundamental Research director Mustansir Barma inaugurated the facility, which explains the fundamentals of climate and the reasons behind climate change. The gallery houses interactive exhibits on rising sea level, cyclones, atmospheric turbulences, permafrost and carbon footprint and new energy options. A brochure prepared by the centre tracks the impact of climate change in the world's eco-sensitive regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13857937", "title": "MBA student's encounter case: 11 cops surrender", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three years after the alleged fake encounter case of MBA student Ranbir Singh in Dehradun, 11 of the 18 Uttarakhand police personnel accused in the case surrendered before a trial court on Tuesday.The policemen, who surrendered before Special CBI judge V K Maheshwari after non-bailable warrants were issued against them this May, have been sent to judicial custody.The cops who surrendered include Satbir Singh, Sunil Saini, Chander Pal, Saurabh Nautiyal, Nagendra Nath, Vikas Chandra Baluni, Sanjay Rawat, Mohan Singh Rana, Inder Bhan Singh and Manoj Kumar - all constables during the incident - and head operator at the city control room Jaspal Singh Gosain.The constables were chargesheeted by CBI in connection with the encounter case that rocked the hill state in July 2009. The other accused are lodged in Tihar Jail. They include then inspector Santosh Jaiswal, sub-inspectors Gopal Dutt Bhatt, Rajesh Bisht, Neeraj Kumar, Nitin Chauhan and Chandra Mohan and constable Ajeet Singh.While fixing July 4 as the next date of hearing, the court allowed the plea of these 11 accused that they be kept together in jail as they are police personnel and apprehend fear from other inmates.The court asked CBI to file its reply on the regular bail pleas of the 11 accused by July 14, the next date of hearing. The court will hear the arguments on bail on July 4, the next date of hearing.The accused policemen had earlier moved the Delhi high court for bail but their plea was dismissed. The Supreme Court also upheld the high court's decision on May 29. The CBI judge noted that the Supreme Court had observed that the trial court should conclude the trial expeditiously, preferably within six months.The court said CBI must examine Ram Kumar, one of the two persons who were seen with the victim on the day he was killed. Kumar has been partly examined by CBI.Singh, an 22-year-old MBA student from Ghaziabad, was allegedly gunned down by Uttarakhand police after being caught on Mohini Road where he and his companions were allegedly trying to commit some crime on July 3, 2009. The case was transferred to Delhi by the Supreme Court on the plea of Ranbir's father Ravindra Singh.Ranbir's father had alleged that his son had gone to Dehradun in search of a job where he was arrested by the police on July 3, 2009 on pretext of being involved in some robbery.He had alleged that on the same day, 29 bullets were pumped into his body and the incident was passed off as an encounter.All the 18 policemen have been charged for various offences such as murder, kidnapping, criminal conspiracy, destruction of evidence and public servant framing incorrect record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13860400", "title": "Century's last transit of Venus to occur today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The much-awaited cosmic event -- the transit of the Venus, the last for this century, will occur today, giving sky lovers all over the country an opportunity to witness the celestial phenomenon.Transit of the Venus is a rare eclipse during which the planet passes between the Earth and the Sun. The planet will appear as a black spot gliding across the fiery face of the sun, Nehru Planetarium director N Rathnasree said today.After June six, the next Venus transit will happen after 105.5 years in 2117, making this a lifetime's event, Science Popularisation Association of Communicators and Educators (SPACE) Director C B Devgun said.From the Earth, this phenomenon is seen when the Venus passes between the Sun and the Earth. It occurs in intervals of 8, 121\u00bd, 8, 105\u00bd and 8 years, Devgun said.The phenomenon should be seen only through solar filters, special solar glasses or with the help of pin hole cameras, secretary of Planetary Society of India N Sri Raghunandan Kumar said.The last transit of Venus occurred on June 8, 2004 and it was visible across India.This time, the starting phase of the event called 'Ingress Exterior' will only be visible in India. It can be seen after sunrise for about 5 hours 30 minutes for the observers in the east of the country to about 4 hours 30 minutes for those in the west.The entire transit event will be visible from north western North America, the western Pacific, northern Asia, Japan, Korea, eastern China, the Philippines, eastern Australia and New Zeeland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13860730", "title": "Dharwad\u2019s interior roads get a makeover", "text": "DHARWAD: Residents of old Dharwad are finally seeing the interior roads in good shape, thanks to the development works taken up under the second edition of Rs 100-crore special grant given by the chief minister to Hubli-Dharwad.The funds received in the first edition had been utilized to give the twin cities a cosmetic look and the second edition of the works have been benefitting the people directly as they are related to basic infrastructure.The roads in Hosayallapur, Kampli Basaveshwar Nagar, Durga Colony, Manikanth Nagar, Hosakumbar and other localities have not seen any repair works since decades and the people were forced to put up with bad and bumpy roads. Due to the initiative taken by the district administration, at least in Dharwad, the interior roads have been given a facelift and works are underway for the construction of drains and footpaths.Development of internal roads, carpeting of roads, drain works, improving cultural infrastructure and underground drainage have been given priority. Deputy commissioner Darpan Jain paid a surprise visit to these areas on Tuesday.Seventy-year-old Yallappa Hadimani, a resident of Hosayallapur, said this is the first time in his life, he has seen interior roads in old Dharwad being carpeted in true sense of the term. \"Earlier the roads used to be repaired temporarily and they would be back to their original shape after the first rains of monsoon,\" he said. The work is expected to be completed before March 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13858967", "title": "'Disqualify contractors making unworkable bids'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concerned over delays in completion of civil construction projects with complete government funding such as roads, buildings and other infrastructure projects, top contractors want the government to adopt a norm where contractors quoting unworkable and very low price be disqualified during bidding.At present, the criteria of selecting the lowest bidder (L1) for all cash contracts for civil construction projects leaves enough scope for bidders to quote such prices, which are impractical and result either in delays or poor quality work. All civil and road-owning agencies follow this norm.The issue was flagged by Param Sivalingam, CEO (EPC) of GMR, one of the biggest contractors, at the Ficci summit on construction industry on Monday. He said government agencies must rate contractors based on their past performance and financial and technical capabilities. \"This should include whether the contractor met deadlines and completed project within the given cost,\" he said. He said on several occasions, bidders quote very a low price to bag the projects and thereby risk the completion of these works. Supporting this call, B D Mundhra, chairman of Simplex Infrastructures, said that the menace can only be checked by proper supervision by the agencies and their engineers.While agencies like NHAI or highways ministry and even the Central Public Works Department (CPWD) have set high standards for contractors to avoid such practice, most of the civic agencies don't have such criteria. \"The contractors get work and keep on raising claims without any progress on work front. This happens in connivance with the government officials,\" said a senior highways ministry official.\"There are instances of adventurous bidding. If such a trend is evident, the agencies can reject the bids well within their rights. In case the contractor fails to deliver, the agency must blacklist and stop them from bidding in future,\" said a government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lagos", "code": "13859731", "title": "Foreign diplomats seek bodies of Nigeria plane crash victims", "text": "LAGOS: Two days after a passenger plane crashed with 153 passengers and crew on board, foreign diplomats met with the governor of Nigeria's southern state of Lagos, where the accident occurred, demanding for the dead bodies of their citizens.\"It was not an official meeting. We went to find out about our citizens who died in the crash,\" the consular head of the high commission of India in Lagos, who was among the diplomats, Rani Malik told PTI.She said the body of the 26-year-old Indian engineer from Kerala named Rijo K Eldhose is yet to be found.Malik had clarified earlier that co-pilot of the plane, Mahendra Singh Rathore is an American of Indian origin.The diplomats were led by consul general of China Liu Xianta.Also present at the meeting were the consul general of France Francois Sastowrne, consul general of Lebanon Dina Haddad, Consul General of the United States Karl Cockburn and an Indonesian Embassy officer Pontab Tobins.\"We would like the bodies of our nationals, who have been identified after the necessary tests have been carried out among those in the mortuary, to be released to us for burial rites in earnest,\" Xianta said.Governor Babatunde Fashola promised to assist in the area he could, but said recoveries of bodies of victims \"is still going on at the site of the crash and until the regulatory agencies in charge of that decides that rescue operations have ended\".\"We will also like to ask the missions what the government could do to assist them at this difficult period,\" he said.A source told PTI that strict identification process which includes DNA test was adopted by state officials while foreigners were told to produce the immigration papers of their dead citizens. The bodies will also be embalmed.The morgue where the bodies were kept was besieged by distraught relatives of those whose names appeared on the manifest of the plane with several of them crying openly as they sought to see the corpses.They were told to come back on Friday by which time it is expected that rescue operations must have ended and identification processes concluded.The passenger plane which belongs to a company owned by Indians, Dana Air was on its way from Abuja to Lagos when it crashed.Heavy downpour hampered rescue operation at the crash site yesterday morning but emergency workers were able to find more bodies bringing the number to 153.The airline was suspended from operation by the government of the oil rich African country yesterday pending the outcome of investigation into the cause of the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13858704", "title": "CITU to champion rights of unorganized sector workers", "text": "COIMBATORE: A four-day meet of CITU, the trade union affiliated to the CPM, ended in the city on Tuesday with the leadership announcing a nation-wide campaign beginning July 2 to champion the basic rights of workers in the unorganised sector.The week-long campaign will be conducted in front of public and private enterprises and residential colonies to highlight the plight of workers, especially women, in the unorganised sector and spread awareness about their basic rights. Other central trade unions will be invited to join in the campaign so that a united front against labour exploitation can be raised on a national level, CITU leaders told the media.A series of protests will be conducted in the coming days in various parts of the country to affirm solidarity with various struggles of workers in the construction sector as well as in steel manufacturing units. \"It will be major uprising by workers and our trade union members against the exploitation of workers and denial of their rights, which are the outcome of the faulty neo-liberal policies of the government. We demand that the monthly minimum wage of Rs 10,000 be ensured for all workers including women,\" said AK Padmanabhan, national president, CITU.The meet of the national general council of CITU, one of the largest unions in the country, began in the city at a marriage hall in Maniyakarampalayam on Saturday. Major issues discussed during the meeting included petrol price hike, abolition of contract system of employment and nation-wide protests against exploitation of women workers to ensure equal pay for equal work. A massive protest of labourers from construction sector will be conducted on November 6 and the union has announced its full support to the employees of central public sector undertakings who are fighting privatisation of the units.\"The struggle against the faulty policies of the government and their callous attitude towards the demands put forth by the trade unions for the last three years will be intensified in the coming days,\" Padmanabhan added.The trade union has also decided to strongly focus on the plight of women, especially those employed in anganwadis and mid-day meal schemes, and to seek regularisation of their employment and provide them with social security. A massive siege of these women workers will be organised in front of Parliament in November.\"The future course of the union will be decided during the 14th national conference to be held in March 2013 after state level conferences are held across the country,\" said Tapan Sen, general secretary, CITU.A rally of CITU members were held from V K Menon Road to Sivananda Colony at around 5pm on Tuesday evening in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13858292", "title": "Railways hikes parcel tariff rates by 25 per cent again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with acute financial crunch, railways has hiked the parcel and luggage tariff rates by about 20%-25% on all goods and baggage to generate resources.After hike in freight tariff rates just before the rail budget two months ago, the move is seen as railway management's effort to generate funds to wriggle the state-run transporter out of fiscal mess without annoying its political masters.These backroom measures to raise funds has come after railway minister Mukul Roy, under pressure from her political master and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee , had rolled back the proposal for passenger fare hike which has remained untouched since 2002-03.Railways has increased the freight rates by 20%-25% in March just a week ahead of the rail budget.The transporter aims to generate around Rs 350-400 crore as additional revenue in the current fiscal through the rationalization of tariff that has come after six years. Railways has earned Rs 1,600 crore from parcel and luggage traffic during 2011-12.Railway officials defended the move, arguing that the parcel and luggage rates were last revised in 2006. It was argued that parcel and luggage rates were very low while there was need to bring some parity between the freight and parcel rates.The revised rates are applicable to all goods, excluding newspapers which continue to be booked at concessional rates. However, registered magazines will not enjoy the concessions any more.\"The new rates are effective from June 1,\" said a circular issued by railway board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13859858", "title": "Vegetable prices double", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There seems to be no respite for the common man. After increase in fuel and power rates, it is vegetable prices that are burning a hole in his pocket. The prices of some vegetables, like tomato, beans and lemon, have shot up by 50%. Ram Kumar, a vegetable vendor in Sector 26 Grain Market, said, \"Short supply of some vegetables is taking their prices up. Temperature fluctuations are affecting the production of some vegetables.\" Satpal Gupta, a wholesaler in the same market, said, \"Besides, their production is decreasing because many people in Punjab are selling off their agricultural property.\" While last week tomatoes were priced at Rs 15 per kg, now these can be bought for Rs 30 per kg. Similarly, cucumber's price has increased by Rs 10. \"Tomato and cucumber rates have gone up by 50% and lemon, which was priced at Rs 70 till last week, is now available at Rs 100. Even capsicum is costlier by Rs 10,\" a vegetable vendor said. Coriander and 'arbee' rates too have shot up by Rs 10 in Chandigarh. In Panchkula, cucumber and beans have become costly by 50%. A week ago, cucumber was priced at Rs 10 and beans at Rs 30, but now these can be bought for Rs 20 and Rs 60, respectively. There has been no change in the rates of tomato, lady finger, cauliflower, onion and capsicum. Among fruits, the rates of musk melon and bananas have increased from Rs 30 to Rs 40 and from Rs 50 to Rs 70, respectively. But, the price of mango and litchi has come down from Rs 100 to Rs 80 per kg and Rs 70 to Rs 50 per kg, respectively. The hike has left a bitter taste in residents' mouth. Satbir Kaur, a homemaker of Sector 19, said, \"Till last week, I bought vegetables for Rs 100. But now, I will have to spend 40% to 50% more. Life is getting difficult with prices of all essential commodities going up.\" Rita Gupta, a resident of Sector 7, said, \"Everything is getting costly. The rising vegetable and fruit rates have upset our budget.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13860179", "title": "'Deforestation posing an alarming threat'", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Public intervention is inevitable to ensure sustainable growth as market economy and green economy are mutually exclusive, Rajan Varughese, pro-vice-chancellor, Mahatma Gandhi University (MGU), has said.He was inaugurating the two-day programme organized by the School of Environmental Sciences, MGU, in association with the Kerala State Council for Science Technology and Environment on the campus here on Tuesday.\"Uninhibited exploitation of natural resources, including deforestation, has already posed an alarming threat. The present generation has to be taught to adapt to eco-friendly living to avert future misfortune,\" he said.Environmentalists M P Parameshwaran, A P Thomas, E V Ramaswamy, T V Muralivallabhan, and Abhilash P C were also present on the occasion. A training programme to assess biodiversity for high school teachers will be held on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858794", "title": "Businessman\u2019s 12-year-old son abducted, killed", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch on Tuesday arrested five people, including an employee and a former employee of an embroidery shop, for kidnapping and murdering the 12-year-old son of the owner. The kidnap of Shree Bhandge, on May 27, was planned by Imtiaz Shaikh (22) and Azad Ansari (22), who was employed at Bhandge's embroidery shop for the last year-and-a-half. They wanted to extort Rs 25 lakh for the boy's release but developed cold feet and killed him the same day. After dumping his body in an open manhole on the Bhiwandi highway, the duo and their three accomplices kept a watch on police movements for four days. On June 1, they called the boy's father, Rajesh Bhandge, demanding a ransom.Shree was a class V student in a Lonavla residential school.He had come to Mumbai during the summer vacation. On May 27, he went missing from outside his house at New Kamala Nagar in Dharavi. His father later lodged a missing complaint at the Shahu Nagar police station.\"They planned the kidnap around May 12. On May 27, Shaikh asked Ansari to bring the boy out of the shop on the pretext of taking him to Juhu Chowpatty for a gola. Ansari and Shaikh then took him in a taxi to Thane. There they hired an autorickshaw and took him to Bhiwandi where Shaikh and other three accomplices resided. Ansari left the place the same night,\" crime branch senior inspector Dinesh Ahire said.Officials said around midnight Shaikh and the other three accused began to worry about where to hold the boy without attracting attention. \"Shaikh said he feared being getting caught if they were to free the boy who knew him and Ansari. Shaikh then strangled Shree even as his accomplices held his hands and legs. They wrapped the body in a plastic sheet and dumped it early on May 28,\" Ahire said.Police said Ansari pretended to help locate the son and also accompanied Rajesh to the police station to lodge the complaint. Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy formed a team comprising Ahire, inspector Sadanand Rane and others. \"With technical help and through informers the team managed to arrested the accused involved in the kidnap and murder,\" said Roy.Police had kept a watch on Ansari on suspicion and found that he was in touch with Shaikh. Through the mobile network, police found that the duo was in the same area the day the boy disappeared. \"Shaikh and Ansari have confessed to the killing,\" said Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13859507", "title": "Twenty-four new borewells to meet potable water needs", "text": "GURGAON: The large-scale protests by villagers regarding inadequate water supply seem to have paid off. The city municipal corporation has decided to dig 24 borewells in the different villages that come under its jurisdiction. In the past fortnight, villagers had blocked arterial roads at various places demanding water supply to be restored. They had, in fact, threatened to block the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway if their demands were not met. As a temporary measure, the MCG started sending water tankers as and when required. The MCG has also installed generators in certain villages to facilitate the functioning of tubewells during power cuts.However, the MCG commissioner has finally decided to do something for the long run and came up with the proposal to dig these borewells, even though there is a ban on them. \"These borewells will be purely for drinking purpose. The ban by the district administration on digging borewells will not affect our plan as government agencies are allowed to dig them for drinking water,\" said Sudhir Rajpal, MCG commissioner.According to sources, while 24 borewells will be dug in the first phase, the number would increase in the next phase. \"We are likely to spend over Rs 1 crore to make functional these 24 borewells. Each borewell would cost around Rs 7 lakh. The work is likely to start soon and we will test the water in a laboratory before we make the supply available. Also, we intend to have a filter system in these borewells and will check the samples every week,\" said an official.In the first phase, the MCG plans to dig these borewells in Jharsa, Dundahera, Sirhol and Sukhrali village among others. At present, there are 39 villages that come under the MCG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13859959", "title": "Now, car used for chain snatching", "text": "PUNE: After a series of chain-snatching incidents where the suspects had used motorcycles, chain snatchers have begun using four-wheelers to commit the crime. On Monday, two suspects travelling in a car snatched a gold chain worth Rs 47,000 in Pimpri.When the victim tried to catch hold of the chain snatcher's hand, he allegedly slapped her and drove away in the car. The incident took place near Jai Hind high school in Pimpri around 12.15 pm.Manisha Sachin Shinde (24) of Shastrinagar in Pimpri lodged a complaint with the Pimpri police station.The police said that on Monday afternoon Shinde and her son Piyush were walking on the footpath near the school. When she came near the school, she noticed a car parked near the school gate. When she was passing the car, a person sitting next to the driver snatched Shinde's gold chain.\"Shinde immediately caught hold of the suspect's hand, but the suspect slapped Shinde and drove away with her gold chain,\" police said.In another incident, an alert man chased and nabbed a 20-year-old youth, who had snatched a gold locket worn by his son. The incident took place at Gadital area in Hadapsar. The suspect, Prakash Jadhav, is from Solapur district. Sunil Gaikwad (30) of Shirur has lodged a complaint with the Hadapsar police station.Assistant police inspector S S Chavan of the Hadapsar police station said that on Sunday afternoon, Gaikwad and his son Nibod (2) were waiting for a bus for Kondhwa at Hadapsar.\"The suspect came near them and snatched Nibod's gold locket worth Rs 2,500 and started fleeing,\" Chavan said. However, Gaikwad nabbed him after chasing him for a few metres. \"We are investigating further,\" Chavan said.Meanwhile, on Sunday night three incidents of chain-snatching took place in which gold chains worth Rs 1.25 lakh were snatched. The first incident took place around 8 pm at Shukrawar Peth in which the suspects snatched a gold chain worth Rs 40,000 of 80-year-old Shanta Mahangare.Within 10 minutes the suspects targeted Chandrika Shah and snatched her gold chain worth Rs 60,000 in the same area. Later, around 9.30 pm, two suspects on motorcycle snatched a gold chain worth Rs 25,000 of Sandhya Aniket Patil (30) of Parvati, while she was walking on the Shankarsheth Road.The Khadak police are investigating all the three cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13860854", "title": "UP board result: All 3 city toppers are girls", "text": "KANPUR: Celebrations began in various UP Board schools soon after the declaration of Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad class XII results on Tuesday afternoon. Like previous years, girls outperformed boys. All the three toppers of city are girls.Deepika Agarwal with 93.4 % marks from BNSD Shiksha Niketan bagged the first position in the city. The meritorious girl also managed to secure IV position across the state and among top five in the merit list.The city topper among boys was Rishi Yadav, with 92.8% from BNSD Shiksha Niketan. Both the toppers belonged to the same school and science stream and had physics, chemistry and mathematics as the main subjects.Nearly 65,314 students from all over the city appeared in the intermediate examinations this year. The number of boys was 35,657 while 31,314 girls appeared in the examinations. As per the data provided by Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad, the pass percentage of boys remained 84.72% in the state. For girls, it was 95.52%.This year too the girl students outperformed the boys and managed to get many positions in the merit list of the city.The first five positions were occupied by three girls and two boys. Majority of schools affiliated to UP Board achieved 100% results this year.BNSD Shiksha Niketan, with a maximum number of students getting 90 per cent marks maintained top record this year. As many as 10 students from BNSD bagged more than 90% this year. Ankita Singh Chauhan with 92.8% and Khyati Singh with 92.4% managed to be on the third and fourth positions in the city. Among the 133 students appearing from the school, all managed first division, with 123 getting distinction (75% and above). Talking to TOI, BNSD Shiksha Niketan principal Angad Singh said: \"We don't believe in last minute preparations but in constant efforts by teachers as well as students. Class XII exams are not the final exams and we prepare students even for the competitive exams.\"Pandit Deen Dayal Inter College managed to be the second top UP board school with five students above 90% marks. Neeraj Kushwaha and Prem Singh with with 91.6% marks topped the school. Gyanendra Awasthi and Mritunjaya Shukla with 91.4% each bagged second positions in schools. Among 104 students who appeared from the school, all passed with first division and 74 managed above 75% marks.Shubham Gupta, a student of Rahul Memorial School, Yashoda Nagar with 92% marks managed to be the second topper among boys. Naushaad Ali with 87.6% managed the second position in his school. Radha Dwivedi with 85% remained the girl topper of the school. After a long time, a schools situated in the southern corner of the city shined in UP Board examinations. Among 192 examinees from the school, nearly 95% students have passed and 50 of them got distinction.Ujjawal Sharma with 91.80% from Omkareshwar Saraswati Vidya Niketan managed to top the school. Akansha Dwivedi with 90.80% remained the second topper. All the 115 students passed. Two of them managed to get above 90% marks while 81 have got distinction.No student of Pandit Raghunath Prasad Misra Inter College managed to get above 90% this year. However, the school witnessed 100% results. Harshit Omar with 89.2% marks topped the school among boys. Safal Bajpai with 89% remained the second topper. Prakriti Dwivedi with 86.8% marks remained the topper among girls.Students of Saraswati Gyan Mandir got 100% results. Among 212 students, nearly 40% managed to get distinction. The top five positions were bagged by boys in the school. Raghavendra Shukla with 89.4% marks and Gaurav Gopal Gupta with 89% marks remained the first and second topper of the school. While, Vartika Dwivedi managed 81.6% and topped among girls.In Jai Narain Inter College, 181 students have passed among 182 students who appeared in examinations. As many as 99 students managed to get distinction. Anurag Singh with 88.4% and Ajay Yadav with 86.4% marks remained the first and second topper of the school.Mohammad Yasir from Siddiqui Faiz-e-Aam Inter College with 77% marks managed to top the school. He belonged to commerce group. Among 145 students, 138 have passed with good marks.Anmol Gupta with 87.8% marks from Nandlal Khanna Inter College remained the school topper this year. All the 115 candidates have passed.Deeksha Pandey with 84.4% marks from Oxford Model Inter College managed to be the school topper. All the students have passed.Vaishali Sharma with 82.6% marks was the topper of Bal Vidya Niketan School. All the students passed.Faiz Ahmad of LVM Inter College bagged 83.20% marks. All the students of class XII have passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13860088", "title": "Govt extends austerity drive to IITs, IIMs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Carrying forward its austerity drive to contain expenditure, the government on Tuesday restrained autonomous bodies \u2014 including IITs, IIMs and universities \u2014 from creating new posts and holding meetings in five-star hotels.The restrictions, which were imposed on ministries and departments on May 31, 2012, to reduce non-Plan expenditure by 10% as part of an austerity drive, have also been extended to government-funded autonomous bodies like trade bodies, educational institutions, medical colleges and cultural organizations.\" ... it has been decided to extend the economy measures outlined in the office memorandum dated May 31, 2012 to autonomous bodies funded by the government,\" a communication issued by expenditure secretary Sumit Bose said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859733", "title": "Higher secondary passout commits suicide", "text": "KOLKATA: A Higher Secondary passout was found hanging in her room at Behala-Parnasree on Tuesday, a day after the Ucchya Madhyamik result was declared.After initial probe, police said that the victim, Priyanka Bala, had committed suicide. Priyanka was a student of Sarada Vidyapith and had passed her Higher Secondary exams the day before.On Tuesday morning, her father Samarendra left home for work and noticed nothing abnormal in his daughter. After some time, Priyanka's mother left home as well. On returning, she found her daughter hanging in one of the rooms.Police said Priyanka was not satisfied with her result because of which she committed suicide.Dissatisfied with her result, another Higher Secondary passout made a suicide attempt by jumping into the Laldighi on Tuesday afternoon.Police said that Arpita Modak, 19, a resident of Ghosh Bagan Lane in north Kolkata, jumped into the pond. But the police posted nearby rescued her. She was admitted to a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13858974", "title": "Pending Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation projects in Hyderabad face monsoon threat", "text": "HYDERABAD: Monsoon may hit the city in a couple of days but there are several civic projects, including the one undertaken to desilt storm water drains, which are yet to be delivered by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC). If these developmental works, running into Rs 500 crore, are not completed before the rains, they can only be taken up in November.For instance, a few months back, a stretch of road was dug up by Central Power Distribution Company Ltd (CPDCL) for laying of cables between Rasoolpura and the Begumpet airport flyover. However, neither GHMC nor CPDCL has bothered to repair the road thereafter. Now, if the road formation is not completed this week, the work would be taken up only after six months.GHMC officials said that 7,091 developmental works, like laying of roads (both cement and bitumen), construction of community halls and compound walls for parks and open spaces, laying of sewer and water lines (in the suburbs), worth Rs 499.87 crore, were sanctioned over the last few years.The projects were all supposed to be completed in three to four months. However, contractors failed to take up the works due to financial constraints. Given that some contractors have cornered over a dozen works with the help of public representatives, the backlog has just kept mounting.Since the contractors cannot take up all the projects simultaneously, they execute works on the basis of urgency. Incidentally, the desilting of storm water drains was supposed to have been completed by May-end. However, about 30% of the work is still pending.\"Generally, the corporation sanctions about Rs 1,000 crore worth of developmental works in a financial year, but only 50% of these are completed within that fiscal,\" a GHMC official said. This year (2012-13 financial year), 2,350 works worth about Rs 60 crore have already been sanctioned but 80% of these projects are yet to be undertaken due to the scarcity of sand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "madurai/trichy", "code": "13859217", "title": "Medical staff protest over attack on doctor", "text": "MADURAI/TRICHY: House surgeons and medical staff in Madurai and Trichy boycotted their work and staged a protest condemning the misbehavior of a lawyer who was accused of assaulting a duty doctor at the Government General Hospital in Chennai on Friday last.In Madurai, the agitating house surgeons sat in the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) premises and demanded the immediate arrest of the persons behind the assault. They demanded that adequate protection should be given to doctors as incidents of threat and assault on the medical fraternity was on the rise.The house surgeons also threatened to intensify the protest of action was not taken against the accused. On Friday last, A Rajesh, a house surgeon on duty at the Rajiv Gandhi Government Hospital in Chennai was verbally abused and manhandled by a group of men who came to visit a patient.\"Few relatives of the patients come in an inebriated state to the hospital. They pick up quarrel with the health staff and sometimes even assault us. The government should provide adequate security personnel to hospitals to prevent such incidents,\" said an agitating house surgeon. The house surgeons said that the protest would continue until the accused are arrested.Meanwhile, a number of compulsory resident internees along with post-graduate medical students and nurses struck work at Annal Gandhi Government Hospital on Tuesday.After raising slogans against the objectionable behavior of the Chennai lawyers and the refusal of the government to file criminal cases against the doctor under the Tamil Nadu Hospital Protection Act, the medicos put forth a few demands for further action from the government including increased protection to doctors at government hospitals across the state.They said that permanent police protection should be given to maternity and intensive care units and only one person should be allowed to accompany the patient in the hospital. However, the protesters returned to work a few hours later after state health minister Dr V S Vijay, who was on a visit to inspect the progress of the chief minister's comprehensive health insurance scheme launched on January 11 this year, intervened. The protesters returned to their work after the minister assured them that their demands would be taken into serious consideration.Vijay said the matter of posting policemen at intensive care units would be brought to the attention of the chief minister and assured that efforts would be on to fix CCTV cameras in all the government hospitals. The medical college students of Thanjavur too carried out a protest march on the same issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13859020", "title": "Crack down on 31 roadside eateries for selling liquor", "text": "NASHIK: The Zone II police yet again cracked down on roadside eateries where liquor was being consumed, checking over 60 food stalls and registering 31 cases under the Bombay Police Act on Monday.The drive against illegal consumption of liquor at food stalls was taken up at Ambad, Trimurti Chowk, State Bank of India Chowk, Cidco Hospital, the Pathardi Phata area, the Vasco Hotel area, Nashik Road, Upnagar, the Mukti Dham area, Jai Bhavani Road, Bytco Chowk, Deolali Camp and Bhagur Stand, Karbon Naka, Trimbak Road and the Satpur Gaon area.DCP D S Swami said action was taken between 6.30pm to 10.30pm, with nearly 60 food stalls checked and 31 cases registered. He said that action was being taken on a regular basis and would continue in the future, considering that a large number of people continue to buy liquor from shops and consume that at food stalls, which is not just illegal but also poses a problem for citizens in general.Despite the police action almost regularly in recent months, a large number of people still consume liquor in the open. Even as food stalls by the roadside are the favourite hangouts of people who drink, a large number of them also take to open plots, gardens, etc. for drinking. So, the police department, since the past few months, had launched a tirade against this practice in the city.Food stalls at busy spots have become common hangouts for alcohol consumption and while the police does not take action on a daily basis, continuous drives in this regard have certainly lessened the gravity.\"In the recent past, we have had also targeted the Dhabas, where alcohol was sold and served illegally to customers. Our continuous drives have ensured that the owners of Dhabas and hotels are wary to indulge in such an activity in the future,\" said Swami. The DCP also said that the action would continue across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13862980", "title": "Madonna booed for late show start", "text": "Madonna faced the fury of fans after she kept them waiting for nearly two hours in 40C heat for her first concert in the United Arab Emirates .Playing her first Middle Eastern concert on Sunday, she was booed after failing to show on stage at 9pm as scheduled.\"It's pretty rare for locals to boo an act, they must have been seriously unimpressed. This will have cost Madonna loads in fines. She made a big effort to win back the crowd once she had arrived though,\" the Daily Express quoted a source as telling The Sun.Madonna is scheduled to play her MDNA show in Dubai once more on Monday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859165", "title": "Techies log into green campaign", "text": "HYDERABAD: On the occasion of World Environment Day, various events and programmes were organized in different parts of the city to instill a sense of responsibility towards environment. Most of these programmes included tree plantation, seminars, workshops, competitions and other cultural shows.A large number of techies extended their support to a tree plantation programme held near Kondapur. Around 1,000 saplings were planted near two lakes as part of this initiative in which IT employees participated along with social activists and government officials. A 4-km 'Green walk' marathon was also held at Hi-Tec City, which was organized by an IT firm.\"By participating in this activity, we want to turn this area into a green district. Many of the participating employees are youngsters, who want to work for a better environment in the city,\" said P Bipin Chandra, Secretary, ITsAP (The IT and ITES industry Association of AP). The state forest department which held painting, essay writing and other competitions at the city zoo now plans to hold more such events every month till next year.A Sankaran, deputy conservator of forests, AP forest department, said, \"We have chalked out a plan for the next one year. We will conduct similar events at least once in a month until next year. This way we want to make people aware about environment. It will also result in a larger participation.\"The Pollution Control Board (PCB) had organized a nine-day event which culminated on Tuesday and will hold a tree plantation programme in July.W G Prasanna Kumar, social scientist, PCB, felt that since the month of June is not ideal for tree plantation and outdoor activities, a state environment day in July may help the cause. \"Since the month of June is becoming warmer we can have a state environment day sometime in July. In our state, that is the best time to plant saplings since the soil is also ready which would encourage many to participate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858151", "title": "Cop who extorted cash from Bandra teen for playing loud music suspended", "text": "MUMBAI: Police commissioner Arup Patnaik has suspended the constable from the Bandra police station who had recently extorted Rs 3,000 from a teenager for allegedly playing loud music after midnight.The incident occurred around 2.30am on May 27, when six policemen came to Ronit Kanuga's home in Bandra, saying he was playing loud music. Though Ronit denied it, the cops reportedly forced him to \"pay up\" to avoid police action. The next afternoon, Ronit and his mother, Alison Woodham, lodged a complaint with the Bandra police, following which an inquiry was ordered. It was found that constable Santosh Nikam had taken the money from Ronit and that he did not perform his duty by taking the teenager to the police station and fining him for loud music.\"The constable should have taken Ronit to the police station and fined him for playing loud music, but he did not follow the rules. He even failed to maintain the police record,\" said an officer, adding other policemen in the group were not involved in the extortion.One team of policemen claimed they received a call that someone was playing loud music, following which they went to Bandra. They patrolled the area for a while but could not locate the flat. After an hour, another team reached the locality and zeroed in on Ronit's house, saying it was he who was playing loud music. The teenaged boy, however, reportedly denied the charge saying his friends had indeed come over for dinner but left half-an-hour before the policemen arrived at 2.30am. When the cops reportedly insisted that he must pay at least Rs 6,000 to \"settle the matter\", Ronit woke his mother up. She refused to pay the money and also objected to the cops entering her house without any papers, said a source. The policemen insisted on taking him to the police station and they had a long discussion; finally, Ronit was let go after he reportedly paid Rs 3,000, which Nikam took.On learning about the suspension, Ronit said, \"I'm glad they took action against the officer. They need to stop moral policing.\" Woodham said, \"I'm glad that the cop involved has been taken to task.I hope this will help prevent such occurrences in future.\"Ronit and his mother Alison filed a complaint with Bandra police in which she stated that policemen came to their residence and extorted money from them.Night mischief:Around 2am on May 27, Ronit Kanuga's friends left his home after dinnerHalf-an-hour later, six cops knocked on his door, saying they had received a complaint about loud music. Ronit denied the chargeCops told Ronit to come to the police station to pay a fine of Rs 12,000When Ronit and his mother Alison Woodham refused to accompany them, the boy was asked to settle the matter by \"paying Rs 6,000\"Finally, the boy paid Rs 3,000 to a constable", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13860773", "title": "Rallies mark Environment Day in Hubli, Dharwad", "text": "HUBLI: Members of the Sankalpa Rural Development Society (SRDS) on Tuesday organized a walkathon from BVB campus to the HDMC office to mark the world environment day. More than 100 members of SRDS, students of BVB college and lecturers took part in the procession. They submitted a memorandum to mayor Pandurang Patil asking to make rainwater harvesting compulsory in the twin cities.In Dharwad, awareness rally, painting competition and sapling planting ceremonies marked World Environment Day celebrations in Dharwad on Tuesday.Principal district and sessions judge Nataraj inaugurated the rally organized to create awareness among the people about environment protection. Hundreds of school children and elders participated in the rally.Painting competition for school children was organized by Dharwad Regional Science Centre. Saplings were planted by the members of Citizens' Environment Committee at Shrinagar and other areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858631", "title": "CID will investigate Richard Loitam case", "text": "BANGALORE: New DGP Lalrokhuma Pachau has handed over investigation into the controversial death of Richard Loitam to the Criminal Investigation Department (CID). The boy from Manipur was found dead in his Bangalore college hostel room under suspicious circumstances on April 18.Loitam was a student of Acharya NRV School of Architecture, Madanayakanahalli. His death and consequent floundering probe had infuriated young people from the Northeast, studying in various parts of the country. They alleged that he was murdered. The home ministry is said to have directed the state police to hand over the probe to the CID. Pachau said a CID probe would ensure some progress into the investigation. \"There is a demand for a specialized agency to look into the Loitam case, so it is being transferred to the CID,\" he said. \"We are yet to decide who will lead the probe. It will be an officer with a good track record. Investigation will start as soon as we finalize the team. The team will review the evidence and findings of the previous officers too,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858083", "title": "All eyes now on Chandi and Tirkey", "text": "BANGALORE: Gurvinder Singh Chandi and Ignace Tirkey will be keenly watched as chief coach Michael Nobbs and the Hockey India selectors get to pick the 16 for the London Olympics in July.The two-day trials in Pune, beginning on Wednesday, may provide the answers to the team's woes in the defence and attack with Tirkey and Chandi being touted as the links who can shore up the team during moments of crisis.During last week's Sultan Azlan Shah Cup in Ipoh, Nobbs even went on record saying that the absence of the two players had blunted the team at critical points of time.While Chandi had missed the tournament with a hamstring injury sustained during the London Olympic Test event early this year, Tirkey had been rested so as to keep him fresh and ready for the Olympics.Two other players whose performances will come under the scanner are defender and drag-flicker Rupinder Pal Singh and forward Yuvraj Walmiki. Rupinder has hit a low in terms of form, according to Nobbs, and Walmiki, who returned to the squad for the Azlan Shah after a long injury-forced layoff, wasn't up to scratch in Ipoh. It may be a herculean task for these two players to retain their places in the team, what with Dharamvir Singh and Chinglensana Singh too in the fray.The selectors may choose 22 players for the European tour, which begins with a short stay at Lille, France (June 28-July 1) where the team is expected to train and play a few matches with the French team. It then moves to Santander for a stint on blue turf and a friendly four-nation series before heading to London.The trials, spread over three sessions, will see 48 players in action. It will comprise a good number of juniors, according to Nobbs. \"We will be picking the team on form. But at the same time, we wouldn't want the seniors to take their positions for granted. The juniors will push them into performing better. Having said that, we wouldn't be picking junior players as they haven't had enough time with us or have had the necessary biomechanics or training that the seniors have had over the last nine months,\" Nobbs said.With the squad size being restricted to 16 for the Olympics, Hockey India will choose two other players who will accompany the team to London. \"The only replacements from now on will be due to an unforeseen injury. We will be taking extra players to Spain and London just in case of injury. They will train with the team but stay elsewhere in London as they will not be permitted any access to the Olympic Village.As per Olympic rules a player can be replaced due to injury 24 hours prior to the event taking place,\" Nobbs said. The Australian was non-committal on picking one goalkeeper to allow an extra field player in the 16-member squad. \"No decision on that yet. We will have to see how the players shape up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13857381", "title": "It's back to Regional Plan 2001, but with restrictions", "text": "PANAJI: Eco-sensitive zoning and height of buildings as specified in Regional Plan 2021 will be adhered to though the plan will continue to remain on hold.Until a new plan is notified, RP 2001 shall be used as a reference plan for determining land use, an order issued by chief town planner ST Puttaraju said.\"Pending drafting and notification of fresh plan, the RP 2021 will continue to be on hold,\" the order said. Development projects will be permitted but certain restrictions and guidelines have been put in place.\"RP 2001 shall be used as reference plan for the purpose of determining the land use but with the floor area ratio (FAR) policy and height of buildings, categorization of village panchayats (VP1 and VP2) etc as per regional plan for Goa 2021,\" the guidelines issued by the government said.The order further stated, \"In addition to the above, eco-sensitive zoning of RP 2021 shall also be strictly adhered to while deciding on the permissions to be issued.\"\"Land use contrary to RP 2021 shall not be permitted and all applications/proposals decided prior to the issuance of directions dated April 9, 2012 shall be allowed to be executed, as per the approvals,\" TCP stated in the guidelines.The government said the directions should be strictly complied with by the department while issuing NOCs for development or conversion until further orders.On April 9, the government had directed that all projects/proposals based on RP 2021 were to be kept in abeyance with effect from March 20, till an \"appropriate decision in the matter\" was taken. Accordingly, the department had discontinued giving NOCs for conversion, construction and completion certificates. After examining the issue, the government issued the latest order on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13857516", "title": "Ahmedabad\u2019s conditional okay to Joint Entrance Examination", "text": "AHMEDABAD: State education minister Ramanlal Vora said that Gujarat will join the Union government's initiative to conduct Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) for admission to all engineering colleges only if IITs are included. Also, the papers should be in Gujarati, he said.Vora was addressing the State Education Ministers' Conference and Central Advisory Board of Education held under the chairmanship of union minister for human resources development Kapil Sibal in New Delhi on Tuesday. \"There are reports that few IITs are resenting this move. If they are not part of JEE, the state government has no reason to join the JEE. The main purpose of removing multiple entrance tests would be lost if IITs are not in,\" Vora said.The minister said that the state government supports the Union ministry's decision to count the marks of higher secondary for admission. \"This will remove regional imbalance and the urban bias in the selection procedure for IITs,\" he said.The state governments would eventually decide the weightage for higher secondary marks in the selection procedure for the state institutions. However, it will not be less than 40% in any case.Vora said that the issue of sharing exam fees collected between the Centre and the states will have to be sorted out since the examination will be conducted by a single body at central level. Referring to RTE and guidelines of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, he said that the Centre has failed to meet financial obligations for full implementation of RTE .\"It is neither meeting full provisions in the budget, nor releasing its share timely. It has also not been made fully compatible with the requirements of the RTE Act. While implementation of elementary education is equal and joint responsibility of central and state governments, the full expenditure should also be shared on equal basis,\" the minister said.Currently, the central government shares only the top-up (additional) expenditure. \"States bear 85% expenditure on elementary education, while the Centre shoulders about 15%. The Centre should bear 100% expenditure on account of fees to be paid to the private unaided schools for admission of the disadvantaged children,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "13860067", "title": "Young cyclists take safety lessons", "text": "MODEL TOWN: At the Children Traffic park in Model Town, 23 young cycling enthusiasts, all between eight and 15 years of age, of the city received a lesson of a different kind from a set of teachers they don't see regularly. Members of the Cycling For Health And Happiness club and traffic police apprised the children of safety tips and other precautions to be practised while cycling.Divided into two groups, some of the children acted as pedestrians and a railway engine while others acted as cyclists, as the traffic police guided them about passing through unmanned crossings and zebra crossings. ''The cyclists were given reflector belts for safety and were advised to use these while cycling at night,'' said Devinder Nagi, Club president and a teacher who resides in Model Gram.Navdeep Singh, a marine engineer and a Club member from BRS Nagar advised the young cyclists to use a helmet and hydration bags in summer. He told them to ensure they have a functional back light on their cycle for safety during night and less visibility days.Traffic in-charge Beant Juneja, in-charge of education cell Sukhdev Singh and head constable Jagmail Singh taught the young cyclists about traffic signals, driving on a controllable speed, stopping near schools to give way to school children and using arms to navigate their way in traffic when taking turns. The young pedallers even enjoyed snacks at the end of this small orientation programme.The participants included Model Gram residents Rohit, Amarjeet and Bhavneet Singh; Inderpreet, Kultaran and Sukhdeep Singh of Gandhi Colony; Rohit from South Model Gram; Model Gram Extension residents Raunak, Arvind, Jayant, Gaurav, Danish, Sahil and Vikram; Agam, Gautam and Gautam Malhotra from Sampoorna Colony; Cheema Park residents Daman and Hitesh; Ishwinder from Model Town and Pawan from Model Town Extension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13860018", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee discusses policy and development with CMs of northeastern states", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday held deliberations with chief ministers of seven northeastern states and Sikkim to give a push to the government's renewed northeast policy and key infrastructure projects linking neighbouring countries with rail and road.The chief ministers of these states - Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Meghalaya, Manipur, Assam, Mizoram and Sikkim -- raised the issue of lack of resources to contribute to the central schemes. For all central schemes in the North-East, the government provides 90% funds and these special category states are required to contribute 10%.The CMs urged the finance minister to make central schemes 100% funded by the government as they are facing resource crunch and are unable to contribute their share leading to many schemes not being rolled out.The CMs emphasised on the need to create job opportunities by development of industries in India's east to meaningfully engage youths of the state in employment and keep them away from influence of insurgency. Finance minister of Tripura represented the CM at the meeting. Deputy chairperson of planning commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia and top official from the plan body and finance ministry were also present in the meeting.The FM said that he has already asked the income tax authorities to issue the notification for income tax exemption on permitted excise duty refunds to give fillip to industrialisation. \"If any state faced a problem on account of an undersubscribed market loan, the Centre would be ready to raise the loan within the state's permitted borrowing ceiling,\" he said.The CMs, however, argued for raising of the borrowing limits for these states as all of them are facing resource crunch, a finance ministry official said.Some of the projects that are likely facilitate trade and connect north-east with South-east Asia include India-Myanmar-Thailand trilateral highway, the Trans-Asian Highway, India-Myanmar Rail linkages and the Myanmar-India-Bangladesh gas pipeline.These projects are important for India's Look-East policy to improve its trade with Association of South East Asian Nations. Constructions of transport corridors are important part of this policy as the north-east connects India with the sub-continent.Mukherjee said that the Centre is committed to the development of these states and it is aware of the special issues of the region, including a low base to mobilize resources and a geographical terrain that created challenges for communication and infrastructure development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859931", "title": "Heat wave: Bengal govt extends summer vacation in schools", "text": "KOLKATA: Take heart, your little one won't have to trudge to school in this killing heat. The education department on Tuesday extended the summer vacation in government and government-aided schools till June 17.A government official advised that private schools should also follow suit as the state was reeling under a heat wave that was unlikely to subside until the monsoon hits around mid-June.However, teachers and other school staff are not exempted from attending school.The death of over 78 people from heat stroke across the state in just two days set the alarm bells ringing.After holding a meeting with his officials, education minister Bratya Basu said: \"Severe weather conditions have forced us to extend the summer vacation till June 17. We will take stock of the situation and then think about the next step.\"The decision was taken on orders from chief minister Mamata Banerjee , Bratya said. \"However, teachers and non-teaching staff will have to come to school to complete the admission process,\" he added.According to the original schedule, schools were supposed to open between June 8 and June 11.\"The extended vacation will cut down the number of working days in schools. However, we cannot allow children to come to school when the state is reeling under a terrible heat wave. The CM has instructed us to keep the schools closed. The loss of working days will be compensated with additional classes or by cutting the Puja vacation short, if necessary,\" school education department secretary Vikram Sen said.Another official said: \"The decision is applicable to government and government aided schools only. Private schools will decide for themselves. It is suggested that they, too, should consider not holding classes in this heat.\"Rupak Homroy, headmaster of Ballygunj Government High School said: \"We are waiting for the government order. We were scheduled to open on June 8. The date or reopening of schools will vary since the closing dates also varied. Since the government has asked us to remain closed till June 17, we will lose out on studies. But, when classes begin after June 17, there won't be much time to hold remedial classes. The third unit test can be postponed till July first week. But, the remedial classes may suffer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13857501", "title": "'Visit of Sialkot Stallions will break the ice'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Efforts to revive cricketing ties between India and Pakistan continue to gather momentum, with the Pakistan Cricket Board ( PCB) chairman Muhammad Zaka Ashraf, recently taking up the matter with ICC chairman Sharad Pawar and BCCI vice-president Rajiv Shukla.This was disclosed on Tuesday by Pakistani high commissioner Shahid Malik during an interaction with women journalists at IWPC on Tuesday. Earlier, Ashraf had spoken with BCCI chief N Srinivasan about the resumption of Indo-Pak cricketing ties.\"The two cricket boards are discussing the possibility of restarting cricketing ties and series between the two countries,\" Malik said.\"There is a desire that cricketing ties between Pakistan and India should resume soon. There is this desire on the part of the leadership in both countries that this should really start,\" he added, referring to the World Cup semifinal match in Mohali last year, when Pakistani PM Asif Ali Zardari first spoke about the resuming the ties to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the two leaders agreed to it.According to Malik, the Shoaib Malik-led team Sialkot Stallions will be here in October for the T20 Champions League . \"That will break the ice,\" Malik said, assuring that there is hope for more cricket between the two countries to follow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nedumbassery", "code": "13860245", "title": "Four Malayalis die in mishap near Salem", "text": "NEDUMBASSERY: Mattoor village near Nedumbassery plunged into grief with the tragic news of the death of a family in an accident at Salem at 2 pm on Tuesday.The deceased have been identified as Donnel (45) of Pathiraparambil, his wife Dolly (40) and their son George (12), and their relative Daisy (65). Donnel's daughter Fiyona (16) who sustained serious injuries, is admitted in a hospital in Salem. The family was returning from Velankanni to Thirupoor when their car collided with another car at Amman Palayam near Aathoor in Salem this afternoon.Daisy who is residing at 9th Avenue, Asoka Nagar in Chennai had joined Donnel's family from Coimbatore. Driver of the other car also died on the spot. Donnel was a businessman in Mattoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13858342", "title": "Govt sets up committee to check slaughter houses", "text": "PANAJI: The government has constituted a committee \"to carry out the inspection of slaughter houses in the state in adherence to the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960\", but only the Goa meat complex slaughter house is recognized by the government.Sources in the government told TOI that according to the Goa Animal Preservation Act, 1995, slaughtering of animals can only be done at the Goa meat complex because it has the qualified staff and the equipment required to follow the procedure for the scientific and hygienic slaughter of animals. Section 4 of the act states that \"no person shall slaughter or cause to be slaughtered any scheduled animal in any place in the state of Goa, unless he has obtained in respect of such animal, a certificate in writing from the competent authority that the animal is fit for slaughter\".Sources also said that according to intelligence inputs, illegal slaughter of animals is done in at least 20 to 30 places in Goa. The Goa meat complex reportedly follows a stringent procedure for the slaughter of animals; an ante mortem test to check the animal's health where only healthy animals are cleared for slaughter, feeding the animal only water for a day prior to its slaughter, carrying out another postmortem test to check for diseased organs and clearing only healthy meat, etc.Although the Goa meat complex charges private meat vendors only 400 for the entire procedure including the slaughter of their animals, not many vendors bring their animals to the Goa meat complex. \"There are reports that dead and sick animals are slaughtered in these illegal slaughter houses all over Goa. There are approximately 400 animal diseases that can be communicated to human beings. This poses a threat to public health and although the government is supposed to act against these illegal slaughter houses and also has the staff, it lacks the will to do so,\" said sources.The director of the department of animal husbandry and veterinary services (AHVS) H Faleiro said that earlier inspections were carried out by officials of his department and of the Goa meat complex. Faleiro said that some meat comes from across the border and village panchayats and municipal councils are responsible for stopping the illegal slaughter of animals in their jurisdictions. \"Our officials are also making efforts to stop wherever possible,\" Faleiro said.Faleiro also said that these small slaughter houses in Goa could not be authorized by the government because they would not be able to comply with the norms specified in the rules for slaughter houses.Hopefully, the new committee will be able to clamp down on the illegal slaughter houses. The committee comprises the deputy director (farms) and member secretary of Goa state advisory board for animal welfare (AHVS), A D P Verlekar (assistant director, veterinary hospital, Mapusa), R V Jog (veterinary officer, Dharbandora), Norma Alvares ( Animal Welfare Board of India) and Rosario Menezes (Goa state advisory board).The function of the committee shall be to inspect the licensed slaughter houses in the state every six months under the provision of Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (slaughter house) Rules, 2001, made under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960.During their inspections, the committee will check issues such as humane slaughter and provision of stunning of animals prior to slaughter, state of lairages/animal holding areas, feeding and watering arrangements, general hygiene and sanitation of the slaughter house, see that animals are not slaughtered in view of each other, check if pregnant, very young (less than three months old), recently calved animals are being slaughtered, whether ante and postmortem examination by a qualified veterinarian is being carried out and the method adopted for disposal of condemned/rejected meat.The committee will also comment on the prevalence of illegal slaughter houses in Goa and ensure that an action plan is worked out by coordinating with the State Pollution Control Board and state Animal Welfare Board to ensure that all slaughter houses have requisite clearances to meet the requirements of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (slaughter house) Rules, 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13859929", "title": "Constable succumbs to road accident injuries", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After he met with a road accident on May 30, a 49-year-old UT police head constable, Trelochan Singh, succumbed to injuries on Tuesday. He was admitted to Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32. Singh was returning home on a scooter when a speeding vehicle had hit him at the dividing road of sectors 44 and 45.The police said Singh had suffered critical head injuries and remained unconscious during his admission in the hospital. The body has been handed over to his family after a postmortem and a case registered.Meanwhile, 27-year-old Pardeep Kumar of Sector 30 died when his motorcycle was hit by a car on Monday night. The incident took place near the sectors 29 and 30 dividing road. He was taken to GMCH-32, but was declared brought dead. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13860011", "title": "Allahabad High Court stays Nirmal Baba's arrest", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Tuesday granted stay on the arrest of Nirmaljeet Singh Narula aka Nirmal Baba in connection with an FIR lodged against him in Gomtinagar police station on charges of fraud.A division bench of Justice Ashwani Kumar Singh and Justice SUZ Siddiqui said Nirmal Baba should not be arrested till the completion of the police inquiry and submission of report in the court. The bench also said that Baba will get the benefit of the order till he cooperates in investigation. Baba had filed a petition in the High Court for quashing of the FIR lodged against him.The FIR was lodged against Baba on the complaint of two children, Tanya Thakur (16) and her brother Aditya (13). They had approached the chief judicial magistrate (CJM) after their application was initially rejected by the police. Later, on the direction of the CJM, police registered an FIR. In their petition before CJM, the children stated that Nirmal Baba is cheating ordinary and poor people facing various problems in life through his improbable solutions.Baba moved the high court after police investigating officer Rajesh Kumar Singh sent him notice under Section 160 of CrPC on May 16, 2012, asking him to present facts before May 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858504", "title": "Green is their colour", "text": "BANGALORE: They have proved themselves in their individual domains and when it comes to contributing their bit towards environment, these women of substance are not far behind.Practise, don't preachFor entrepreneur Rohini Nilekani, conservation of environment begins at home. Rohini, resident of Koramangala, uses solar energy and rainwater harvesting at home. She says: \" We cannot stay aloof from our responsibility of saving the environment. We can do our basics right, like conserving water and segregating the kitchen waste.'' Nilekani has set up a foundation for water conservation 'Arghyam' which helps people to conserve water. She has been reaching out to people with this initiative for the last seven years.Big on small stepsAuthor Shashi Deshpande finds it very difficult to say 'no to plastic' in her day-to-day life but she ensures that she cuts down its use to the minimum. \"We carry cloth bags with us. Wherever we go, they come in handy,\" says Shashi. At home, they try and save on natural resources. \"We switch on lights only in rooms we are in and never leave the tap open. But the fact remains that given the careless manner in which we have taken for granted our natural resources for so long, it is certainly a long way to go even if we save every bit of our environment now,\" says the writer.Expats pitch inExpats in Bangalore, too, are contributing for the green cause. Staying in the city for over four years, Cher Pradhan from Singapore uses water wisely because water is at a 'premium' in the city. She ensures that she carries her big jute or cloth bags at all times in her car lest she needs to buy fruit and food from the roadside. She feels the citizens need to understand that littering is bad and the city administration needs to put more bins along city stretches.Promoting organic skincare products is how expat Ema Trinidad contributes to conserving the environment. \"I recommend people to use lipsticks which are low on lead content and tell them to stay away from whitening creams high on mercury,\" says this spa-owner. Ema, the founder of Expat Entrepreneurs Circle in Bangalore, is originally from Philippines . She teaches her children to dispose garbage only in the allotted bins and not litter them all over the place. As far as use of plastic is concerned, she has not been able to give up on it entirely though she has cut down drastically on its volume in her everyday life.Say no to chemicalsYoung author Jahnavi Barua ensures that there is minimum water wastage. \"I make sure the tap is shut off when brushing, use the washing machine only two or three times a week. I am also concerned about the chemicals we introduce into our environment, thus try and use all natural products. I find vinegar a great substitute for all synthetic cleaning products. I also try and use natural pesticides as far as possible or at least, the least toxic chemical ones in the garden to avoiding disturbing the ecosystems all around,'' says Jahnavi. Also she tries to use reusable jute or cloth bagsSoak up the SunFor theatre personality Arundhati Raja, conserving environment means conserving water and saving electricity and using cotton bags instead of plastic for shopping. The founder of Jagriti Theatre says: I use only CFLs, switch off the lights and fans when not required and use solar water heaters. \" I wish I could do a lot more.\"Doing their bit'We Care for Malleswaram', a part of Malleswaram Residents' Welfare Association, is working towards one goal - creating better neighbourhoods. This outfit, which came together in January this year, is into waste management, and conducts roadshows in Malleswaram with volunteer-residents. \"We demonstrate the use of both plastic and daily dump compost after effective segregation. We create a small colourful corner and demonstrate with the help of posters, slogans etc, on Sundays,\" says Vani Murthy, governing council member of the residents' association. Having conducted 13 roadshows already, they are busy sharing their expertise on looking at things as a resource.Karnataka State Environment Award 2012 was given to four persons and three organizations for promoting the green cause. Swati Bhogle, MK Kailasamurthy and BN Umesh were among the awardees and BIAL, Jnanatarangini-Jagalur and Siddaganga Institute won it at the organizational level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13860234", "title": "Small Industries Development Corporation struggles to get bidders for Telecom City", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Though the response for the global bids to the Rs 1,000 crore Telecom City project in the state is enthusing for the industries sector, the Kerala State Small Industries Development Corporation (Sidco) is looking for ways to attract more bidders by June 15, even by relaxing the stringent contract conditions.Currently, nine companies including a Korean firm have come forward for the bid paying the tender fee of Rs 25,000. \"The project on public private partnership (PPP) mode will be on Build Operate and Transfer (BOT) basis for a period of 35 years by which time the companies will have to start, operate, make annuity payments and transfer it back after 35 years,\" said Saji Basheer, managing director, Sidco. Some of the bidders include leading Indian companies, but their names cannot be disclosed now as per the non-disclosure clause of the tender document, he said. According to BOT conditions, the land will be given to the bidder by the government to develop and operate for 35 years after which the company will have to transfer it back.It is due to the delay in the receipt of the filled-in tender forms that the period of inviting tenders was extended till June 15. After that, a discussion will be held with the state government on revising the tender conditions and to relax it as investors have sought to, he said. The reason for a rethink on the stringent conditions of the project is that initially many bidders had approached for the project and left. The conditions of the contract include an initial affront payment of Rs 13.5 crore and an annuity payment of Rs 7.5 crore per year after the project takes off. Then the company will also have to make 26% dividend payment when it starts making profit.The state will address the investors and discussions will be held to relax the stiff condition, he said. It is also planned to float a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) in which case the equity holding of the government will be 26% and Sidco share will be 74%. When contacted, project head Ajith Kumar said Sidco plans to invest Rs 600 crore for the project and the land will be provided for the investors to set up their enterprise.The consultants have also sought more flexibility on investments in setting up technical entities and business support systems in the Telecom city, Saji Basheer said. According to the policy document, currently 60 per cent of the area in the Telecom city has to be set aside for telecom companies, technology system integrators, telecom equipment manufacturers, embedded and software application providers and training service providers. The remaining 40% is for business support systems such as setting up shopping malls, multi-cuisine food courts, emergency healthcare centre and recreational facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13858008", "title": "Nagpur University\u2019s PhD entrance from June 27-30", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University has announced dates of PhD entrance exam (PET) and has invited applications from eligible candidates. The exam would be conducted online from June 27 to 30 and results would be declared on July 2. The last date of receiving application is June 18 till 3pm.According to officials from NU's PhD section, the aspirants had to apply online and then submit a printout to the Application Receipt Centre (ARC) at NU library at the Campus on Amravati Road. They also have to submit a demand draft of Rs 800 (Rs 600 for reserved category candidates) along with a passport size photograph. The exam would be conducted online at various centres with the help of Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Ltd (MKCL). The 100 marks exam would be conducted in both English and Marathi. The questions would be objective type and duration will be 90 minutes.The PET would be largely based on aptitude, general knowledge and logical reasoning. The list of successful candidates would be uploaded on the NU website on July 2. The successful candidates then have to complete registration formalities at their department of liking and submit the synopsis that would be placed before Research Recognition Committee (RRC).Officials informed that PET only tested the aptitude of the candidates for research while their knowledge of respective field would be tested in the interview. NU has so far conducted two PETs in July and December last year. Success percentage at 66% in second exam was more than double of 32% in first one, primarily due to introduction of Marathi medium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13860609", "title": "When \u2018clean\u2019 projects take a toll on environment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Who wouldn't want to replace polluting energy with clean, renewable energy? Surprisingly, some wouldn't. Because, sometimes they end up paying a heavier ecological price for it. Communities in many parts of the country are fighting a war against 'clean energy' projects that have proved to be far from clean. If mini hydel projects have destroyed aquatic fauna and changed the course of streams, wind farms have cleared forests and taken land from villagers. People at these green-energy sites, mostly forest areas, are more concerned about how these projects have destroyed local ecology.Five village panchayats in Malnad of Karnataka's Western Ghats recently passed a resolution opposing the 200-MW Gundia Hydroelectric Power Project (GHEP). They worry the project, proposed in the Gundia River basin, will change the river's hydrological cycle and submerge a large forest. Their fears are not unfounded. The Western Ghats Ecology Task Force headed by Madhav Gadgil has recommended scrapping of the GHEP because of its location.Kishore Kumar, RTI activist and president of Malanadu Janapada Horata Samiti, has been fighting the mini hydel lobby for over five years. \"The Karnataka High Court has stayed 72 mini hydel projects in the eco-sensitive regions of Western Ghats. That has been our biggest relief but the minihydel power lobby is strong in the region. Four projects are under way in Hassan for instance,\" says Kumar. These have destroyed forest patches and fragmented the elephant corridors, he says. Man-animal conflicts, says Kumar, have increased after the implementation of these schemes.Though these projects are supposed to be built on the run of the river stream, they have a strong impact on the river flow. The Yettinahole hydel project is also facing flak. The project is supposed to bring water from the Western Ghats to Bangalore Rural, Kolar and Chikkaballapur districts. But conservationists believe it will spell the beginning of river Nethravati's diversion.Wind farms are wreaking similar havoc in Andhra. Kalpavalli forest of Anantapur district is a unique case where communities had regenerated barren land, converted it into lush forests, only to lose it to the wind farm lobby.\"From wasteland, it became a forest. But on paper, it continued to be labelled a wasteland. In 2007, the wind energy firm started acquiring around 49 acres. They built roads which destroyed more forests. Local livelihood was gradually eroded,\" says Leena Gupta of Society for Promotion of Wastelands Development (SPWD).The energy firm paid villagers a meagre compensation and offered small jobs at the 49 windmills that were installed. But the villagers are unhappy. N Gopalaswamy, a resident of Kalpavalli village says, \"Villagers had to give them water tankers from forest streams. Animal husbandry collapsed because the grasslands were destroyed.\"Gopalaswamy says the road constructed has fourwheel traffic all the time. Further, livelihood opportunities have been impacted. \"We made grass brooms, sold dates and toddy (palm wine), now all have gone down. The company has to compensate for this loss.\"Another case in point is a large solar energy company that had illegally procured contracts for nine solar projects in Rajasthan when they were supposed to develop just one. The Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) drew government attention to the erring firm.Under the National Solar Mission, there is a policy to approve one-project-per-proponent.The solar firm grabbed nine. So, at the end of the first phase of the solar mission, the company had its hands on almost a quarter of the total 1,000 MW to be derived from solar radiation under the first phase. It pocketed about Rs 13,000crore. Strangely, all the nine projects in question are located in Askandara village in Jaisalmer. This is also because the Rajasthan government gave land at throwaway prices for the projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13858706", "title": "Hazaribag faces acute scarcity of petrol", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Vehicle users in Hazaribag have been facing an unprecedented crisis following the unavailability of fuel in all the nine petrol pumps catering to the requirement of motorists of Hazaribag town and its surrounding areas.The crisis began on Monday when even people on two-wheelers who turned up at the various petrol pumps in the town for refill were told by the salesmen and managers that petrol could not be provided as it was not available at the petrol pumps. Furious over the sudden development, many consumers lodged complaints with the deputy commissioner about the shortage of petrol at the petrol pumps here.Following this, the DC deputed magistrates to find out the reasons for the shortage but they did not detect any irregularities in stock of petrol of local dealers.Pratap Jain, who owns as many as four petrol pumps in Hazaribag town and on the outskirts, said the reason for the crisis was non-availability of adequate rakes to petrol at Ranchi Road and Dhanbad depots from where the collection of fuel was a major factor.This besides, inadequate supply of crude to the refineries and shut down of two major refineries for maintenance are the main factors for the current petrol crisis, Jain said.He, however, admitted this was a rare occasion when all the nine petrol filling stations in Hazaribag have gone dry in a single day. Jain said though at times there could be a problem with particular petroleum undertaking, on this occasion the Hazaribag depot of Indian Oil Corporation , Bharat Petroleum and Hindustan Petroleum and other public sector undertakings reported dry.He, however, said there was no scarcity of diesel and kerosene in the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13860494", "title": "Indian boy, 9, finds space in Royal Academy of Arts", "text": "LONDON: In an extraordinary recognition from one of the world's renowned art galleries, the Royal Academy of Arts here began exhibiting the works of nine-year-old Maximilian Ghose along with those of two other young talents. Ghose, of half Indian origin, is the youngest, and his paintings will hang alongside contemporary greats.The Royal Academy's summer exhibition is famous across its 244-year history for pitching emerging talent, but never before has the emerging talent included school-age artists, let alone under-10 s. This year, there were 11,000 applicants.\"It's really unusual. The overwhelming majority of artists in the summer exhibition are adult professionals , although it's an entirely open show and absolutely anyone can enter ,\" said Jennifer Francis of the Royal Academy. \"The judging committee have been looking for the very best pieces of art, so for children to make it through is quite phenomenal.\"Maximilian Ghose painted his work, 'Atlantis' , on a day when he wasn't well enough to go to school. He was only eight then. \"I said to Max we'd better find something for you to do so you don't get bored,\" said his mother Alexandra, who is French and an artist. She said, \"He did this piece using oils on linen, and managed to ruin his pyjamas in the process. It's quite abstract, he's used a lot of colour.\"Interestingly, Alexandra put one of her works up for consideration by the Royal Academy's selection committee . Hers was rejected, while Max's was accepted. Ghose's father, Ronit, is a banker. His parents don't want to think he is an artistic genius.\"He's a normal, rounded little boy. We do visit a lot of art galleries, and he loves art at school, but if he had a choice between being the next David Beckham or the David Hockney, it's Beckham he'd choose,\" said his mother . There are 1,474 pieces, about 350 more than in last year's show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13857790", "title": "Student ends life in Chandkheda", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Son of a State Reserve Police (SRP) jawan hanged self at his residence in Chandkheda after class XII results. Police believe depression after the results to be the reason for the suicide.According to police, Upendra Rawat, 17, a resident of Shiv Shakti Nagar in Gujarat Housing Board, had appeared in class XII general stream exam in March this year but failed in two subjects. His family members consoled him and encouraged him to take up the exam again next year.\"However, for Upendra it was a big blow. On Tuesday morning, his father had been on duty and his mother and sister were out for shopping at 9 am. When his mother returned at 9.40 am, the door was locked from inside and despite several knocks, Upendra did not open the door. With the help of nearby residents when they broke open the door, they found Upendra hanging from a hook with a bed sheet,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13859337", "title": "Cop held for taking bribe", "text": "BHOPAL: Lokayukta on Tuesday caught a police constable red-handed allegedly taking a bribe of Rs 5,000 under Barasia police station area here.Accused Ambilal, reader to sub divisional police officer (SDOP), Barasia, demanded Rs 5,000 as bribe from Dilip Vishwakarma whose uncle was arrested in a girl's kidnapping case. Ambilal also threatened that he would implicate Dilip in the kidnap case if he doesn't shell out the money.Dilip, a resident of Barasia then lodged a complaint with special police establishment (SPE) Lokayukta which laid a trap and caught Ambilal taking bribe in a medical store, Bhopal SPE superintendent Siddharth Chaudhary told TOI.He said that the accused had been booked under relevant sections of prevention of corruption act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13859708", "title": "Seven held after building collapse in Kota", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after six persons were killed and 12 others seriously wounded in a building collapse in Kota, seven people including officials of a coaching institute and an infrastructure consultancy firm were arrested for negligence.Prima-facie, the negligence has been found on part of the coaching institute and the construction firms, police said.According to the police, the wall of an under-construction building belonging to Career Point on Kethun Road near Thegara area had collapsed around 11 p.m. Six persons including four woman and a five-year-old girl were killed in the mishap. The boundary wall of the building had caved in due to a heavy thunderstorm.SP, Kota city, Prafulla Kumar told TOI that \"temporary arrangements had been made for the labourers' to sleep in the building with the support of eight-feet high boundary wall. It has been found during preliminary investigation that the support was weak resulting in the tragedy,\" said the officer.Two of the labourers were buried alive while four others died on the way to hospital. The victims included Kamari Bai, Asha Mehra, Kailash Bai, Kailash's five-year-old daughter Vishnu Kumari, Leela Bheel and Kanhaiya Lal Mehar. Those who were killed and injured were residents of Madhya Pradesh's Jhabua and Ratlam areas and Rajasthan's Jhalawar and Baran districts. The mishap occurred when the labourers were sleeping after finishing their work.Nearly 350 workers had been employed by the Delhi-based infrastructure consultancy firm, named as DID Infra Tech Private Limited, SP Prafulla Kumar added.The officer said that Career Point's deputy manager (infrastructure) Udai Singh Kesaliwal, DID Infra Tech's project director Ganga Parihar, project manager Sanjay Pareek and owners of the four Kota-based construction firms were arrested. \"These construction firms had been engaged by DID Infra Tech,\" said the officer.The officer added that seven men had been arrested after an FIR was lodged against the management of the coaching institute and the consultancy firm by the family members of the victims.\"The seven men have been booked under Section 304 of IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder),\" said the officer adding that an expert team of Public Works Department (PWD) also visited the spot on Tuesday. The team will give its report on the anomalies in the construction to the police. The district administration announced a compensation of Rs 1.50 lakh to the next kin of each of the deceased labourer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "13859957", "title": "17 schoolchildren hurt as bus turns turtle", "text": "KOLLAM: A mini bus carrying kindergarten students lost control and turned turtle at Chettukuzhi near Anchal on Tuesday injuring 17 students, four of them seriously. All the students are from of Geo Mount School, Chettukuzhi.According to eyewitnesses, the accident occurred around 10am on the road that led to the school from the main road. The road was in a dilapidated condition and there was huge pot hole on the road located about 200 meters away from the school gate. The mini bus which was speeding towards the school lost control, when the driver tried to evade the pothole, and rammed into a mud wall and turned turtle, they said.The locals rushed to the accident spot and pulled out of the children and teachers from the vehicle. They were rushed to the nearest hospital and provided with medical care. Among the injured, four kids were admitted to the hospital with serious injuries. The driver of the bus has fled the scene and is absconding. The police are yet to register a case in this regard.The local residents alleged that the police was very lazy to act and they arrived on the spot after half an hour after they were alerted. It was the local residents who carried out the rescue operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "13860711", "title": "Teachers' protest enters day 3", "text": "BATHINDA: Demanding jobs, hundreds of unemployed teachers blocked the Bathinda-Chandigarh highway while others climbed atop a water tank on the third consecutive day on Tuesday. A teacher slit the wrist while another fell unconscious due to the summer heat.The village panchayat denied providing food to the protesters though some villagers attached with the bhartiya kisan unions fed them. With the highway closed, the traffic was diverted through neighbouring villages. 45 union members, including 20 women, stayed put on the tank top, nearly 100foot high. The warm high-velocity winds and the extreme temperature have affected their health.Union chairman Amandeep Singh said, \"In 2009, about 2.5 lakh candidates appeared for the teacher eligibility test but just 9,000 cleared the exam. Government did not provide us any jobs though 40,000 vacancies are available across the state.\" Village sarpanch Rajpal Singh confirmed that they have stopped supplying food to the agitators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13859839", "title": "Brief Monday rain spell submerges Hero Honda Chowk once again", "text": "GURGAON: Hero Honda Chowk was again under water after a short spell of rain on Monday. The location of the chowk on the expressway is the lowest point in the city and floods every time it rains.Cars in long queues could be seen crawling through the waterlogged roads at the chowk since morning. Several vehicles broke down and pedestrians had to wade through knee-deep water to cross the roads. To add to the mess, the service lane was also submerged in water.\"Hero Honda Chowk is in the news every time it rains. Traffic on both the sides of the carriageway came to a halt. I was stuck in the jam for almost half an hour,\" said Rohit Bhatia, a regular commuter on the route.The service road and the main carriageway were flooded because of the overflowing pipeline which connects the sump well at Khandsa with the Badshapur drain on the expressway near Narsinghpur. Excess water from along the expressway as well as the Badshapur nallah is pumped into the sump well from where it is pumped out through a 30MLD submersible pump across the expressway. The sump well is operational for almost a year now.The civic bodies have long been promising to free Hero Honda Chowk of waterlogging. When asked, HUDA officials said that waterlogging happens because of sudden rain and the incomplete road repair work.Meanwhile, in the absence of any drainage system, the industries and villages nearby pump their water into the existing HUDA lines, adding to their existing load.To end waterlogging at Hero Honda Chowk, HUDA is connecting the chowk's drainage system with Najafgarh drain. \"The under-construction HUDA stormwater drain running along Sector 9 and 10 peripheral road will be made functional in the coming weeks. This will help take the load off Hero Honda Chowk,\" said a senior HUDA official. Once the project is complete, it will be connected to the Najafgarh drain and will carry all the excess water flowing in from Sushant Lok II and III, South City II, Sohna Road and the Golf Course Extension Road (southern peripheral road).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13860016", "title": "Want to keep a pet dog? First register", "text": "LUDHIANA: The next time you decide to bring home a pet, you'll most likely have to register it. The civic authorities have finally drafted bylaws for registering pets in the city and sent it for approval of the local bodies department.Once the bylaws are sanctioned, dog lovers will have to register their pets with the municipal corporation (MC) within seven days of its arrival in the city or face penalty.According to the proposal, owner of a dog will also have to get a certificate from a veterinary doctor that the pet has been sterilized and inoculated for rabies.Joint commissioner and head of health branch A S Sekhon said, ''The number of pets is increasing in the city each day therefore we have decided to start registration of dogs. A proposal has been sent to the local bodies department and would be implemented immediately after getting approval.''Pet lovers welcome registration proposalThe proposed pet registration has brought good news for animal welfare organizations, who had long been recommending MC to make it compulsory in city. However, it is not the first time that MC has framed any such bylaws. In March 2008, they had passed a resolution according to which pet dogs were not allowed to trespass into other's territories or face cancellation of license but they failed to enforce it. MC had also passed a resolution to construct a dog kennel where they would keep the stray dogs they catch.Kanika Sehgal, a homemaker from Aggar Nagar, said, ''People keep pets to flaunt their wealth but don't give them the required love and care, without which pets cannot live happy. Thankfully, MC has initiated the process of making registration compulsory.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13858883", "title": "Ranchi residents take to street over water scarcity", "text": "RANCHI: Water crisis has been a problem for common people in many parts of the city since the onset of summer. Finally, residents have lost their patience and come out on the streets to protest.More than 100 residents of Hindpirhi area demonstrated at Ratan Talkies Chowk carrying utensils, buckets and pots on Tuesday against the problems they are facing because of lack of water.Nazia, a housewife who participated at the demonstration, said, \"It has almost been a month since we are not getting water to drink. The women have to walk for more than a kilometer to fetch water.\"Abdul Hasib, who led the demonstration, said, \"The rich people get all water and we the poor ones have to beg. The big apartments pull up water by deep boring, which leads to drying of wells and hand pumps in our locality.\"People of not just Hindpirhi but many other areas are suffering from the same problem. Raghava, a resident of Kishorgunj, said, \"We are not getting water in our apartment for the past few days so we have to buy packaged water for drinking. Also we are paying a labourer to get water from a nearby well for domestic usage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13863381", "title": "Brad Pitt to rescue stalled Marilyn Monroe biopic", "text": "Brad Pitt has signed up to produce an Australian filmmaker's stalled Marilyn Monroe biopic, according to reports.The 48-year-old star has stepped in to help director Andrew Dominik get his long-delayed movie off the ground as the project's producer.Australian actor Naomi Watts was slated to play the iconic bombshell in Dominik's biopic Blonde, which stalled before shooting began in January 2011.Pitt will produce the movie through his Plan B production company, although he has yet to decide whether he will take on a role in the film.\"We're going to get this one done,\" the Sydney Morning Herald quoted him as telling 24 Frames.Pitt has previously worked with New Zealand born filmmaker Dominik on 'The Assassination of Jesse James' by the Coward Robert Ford and gangster thriller 'Killing Them Softly' which was in competition for the Palme d'Or at this year's Cannes Film Festival.Dominik, rose to fame with his first feature 'Chopper' and lives in Melbourne .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13858062", "title": "6 youths molest, assault woman for feeding stray, also attack cousin", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: An MBA student, Roshni Majumdar (26), was molested and beaten up by six local youngsters at Sanpada on Monday night, even as a crowd of bystanders looked on, without helping her. Her cousin, Sumit Deb (28), who tried to protect her, was also assaulted.Roshni, who is also an animal activist, was feeding a lame stray dog in Sector 5 when the incident occurred. In her complaint with the Turbhe police, she stated that around six local youngsters had been teasing and harassing her for the past three days for feeding the stray dog; \"they had also been staring in a vulgar manner\", the complaint stated.\"Around 9.45pm on Monday, I was feeding this black-and-white stray dog. Those local boys started passing lewd comments, insulting my family members as well. They also said I should not feed this dog as it would survive without any help,\" said Roshni, who is currently an intern at a corporate firm. She then immediately called her cousin, Sumit, to the spot and complained about the harassment.As Sumit walked towards the boys to talk to them, they reportedly attacked both of them, raining slaps and blows on them. \"I was shocked to see that these roadside rowdies were also hitting my sister on her stomach, chest and face. To protect her, I started covering her, but one well-built youngster punched me hard in my eye,\" he said.A crowd of more than 100 people, including residents of the area, shopkeepers and employees of an eatery, watched the two being molested and assaulted by the goons, but did nothing to help them. Ten minutes later, the accused fled from the spot. Subsequently, Roshni and Sumit walked to the nearest police chowky to lodge a complaint.When TOI visited the spot in Sector 5, none of the residents was ready to comment. When asked why they did not help the woman, one person said: \"Had we intervened, even we would have been beaten up. Nobody wants to take 'panga' (challenge) with the ruffians and fight with them.\"Shocked, animal activist Aditi Lahiri said, \"It is horrific that a young woman and her cousin were being humiliated and assaulted, while others watched on as if it was entertainment. The police must come down heavily on this lawlessness and arrest the accused.\"The Turbhe police have registered a case against the six unidentified youngsters, three of whom have been charged with molestation case and the others with assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13859593", "title": "Guwahati girl killed in accident scores 82% in higher secondary", "text": "GUWAHATI: Tears rolled down Mrinmoy Dutta's cheeks as he saw his cousin Poulomi Kashyap's marksheet. A student of Dibrugarh's Salt Brook Academy, Poulomi scored a brilliant 82% In higher secondary (Arts) examinations, the results for which were declared on Monday. However, her family has nothing to celebrate about. Poulami died in a road accident a few days ago in Guwahati.On May 17, Poulami was in a car driven by her father Barun Hazarika when they were hit by a speeding dumper. Her mother Mintu Moni Hazarika and brother Tathagata Kaishyap (seven), who were also accompanying them, are still battling for life in Jorhat Medical College Hospital.Poulomi, a Sattriya dancer, also appeared for her admission test for B.Sc. in psychology in Sikkim University four days before she died, securing fourth position across the country. \"Her birthday is on June 26 and we could have celebrated her turning 19 in style if she was here,\" lamented Mrinmoy.\"How can God be so merciless? Poulomi wanted to be a renowned psychiatrist and she worked hard for it. See! She even got letter marks in Psychology. Even her mother and brother don't know about the tragedy. They are still struggling in the hospital and we chose not to tell them due to their condition,\" cried Mrinmoy. Poulomi also scored letter marks in English, Alternative English, Education and Political Science.Even her school - having that outshined many other education institutes of the state with a total of eight HS toppers - remembered Poulomi amid the celebrations. \"She was a brilliant student. She was active, always smiling and jolly. I remember when she anchored the Parents' Day programme. She was also the class captain and would have done well in life,\" said Aswini Dowerah, principal Salt Brook Academy, Dibrugarh. \"Her death is a great loss. I feel she left a message for all of us - time is precious and we should make the most of it,\" said Dowerah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13859920", "title": "State registers rise in milk production", "text": "LUCKNOW: Milk production in Uttar Pradesh has registered a perceptible rise over last one year. In response to a query raised by state BJP president Laxmikant Bajpai, minister for parliamentary affairs Mohammad Azam Khan informed the House that the yield has gone up to 210.33 metric tonnes in 2010-11 as against 201.03 metric tonnes in 2009-10. The estimated production in 2012-13 is 221.33 lakh metric tonnes, the minister declared as he trashed Bajpai's charge that the population of milch cattle in the state was fast dwindling due to thriving meat export units, particularly in the western belt.The number of milch cattle in the state was 229.14 lakh in 2003, which went up to 264 lakh in next four years, Azam claimed in his written statement. This works out to 13.34% increase in the said period, he added. Moreover, slaughter of milch cattle is banned under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act which is stringently implemented across the state, he said.Bajpai had claimed that UP has 53 functional meat export units, one each in Jhansi and Unnao, and the rest of the 51 dotting the Saharanpur-Agra belt. Collectively these units have the capacity to export over 9.76 crore kilo meat and the business has hit the milk trade in western UP. The BJP MLA went on to claim that the price of milk has shot up to Rs 46 and spurious milk is flooding the market. This has posed a grave threat to public health, Bajpai said as he demanded a check on the export units claiming that while only 6-10% consumers can't do without meat, milk is a necessity to a larger population.The government in response dismissed the statistics furnished by the BJP MLA. While the modalities of meat export is decided by the Agricultural Product Export Development Authority -- a Government of India body -- only 37 slaughter houses/meat processing are functioning in the state. Their output in a day, Azam further claimed, did not exceed 12734.3 metric tonnes. Moreover the number, he said, also includes goats and sheep. The minister gave the assurance that necessary steps were being taken to check adulteration of milk and the culprits dealt with sternly.This apart, rape and murder of four minor girls in Agra over last two months also figured after local MLA Surajpal Singh sought a detailed report on the issue. Singh drew attention to these incidents in the Taj city's Jagdishpura, new Agra Suryalok and Achnera localities. Two girls died following the sexual assault. So far, no arrests have been made in any case even as in three cases the accused are yet to be identified, Surajpal Singh told reporters. In a written statement, the government claimed that the investigation is underway in the cases and while the assailants in the rape and murder of one girl have been indentified, a special team headed by the circle officer Achnera has been set up for arrest of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13860895", "title": "City rising on pollution charts", "text": "KANPUR: The city is still topping the charts of being highly populated city of the State and among top ten, globally. The level of Respirable Suspended Particulate Matter (RSPM) here have reached just double of its permissible limits in residential area. According to the data provided by the Pollution Control Department, the RSPM level has become above 200 micro gram per cubic metre, which is double of standard value,100.According the reports of PCB, the RSPM level in the city have crossed the permissible limit. Against the bearable upper limit of 100 micro gram per cubic meter, all the five centres of pollution checking in the city showed more then the doubled value of RSPM or PM.10.\"We have fire centers in the city to record pollution level. The recorded RSPM level in Kidwai Nagar area is 203.15 micro gram per cubic meter. While, Dharshanpurwa records 213.39 micro gram per cubic meter of RSPM level. The centre at Panki area showed 214.81 micro gram per cubic meter,\" informed Radheshyam, regional officer UPPCB.While, the other two centres at Shastri Nagar and Awas-Vikas, Kalyanpur were recorded the recent RSPM value as 218.96 and 215.83 micro gram per cubic meter respectively.The officials of pollution control department also informed that apart from RSPM values, even the level of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, carbon mono-oxide and ozone are being continuously monitored by the pollution control board.\"We have our Automatic Air Quality Monitoring Unit (AAQM Unit) at Bhramnagar, which gives the data of everyday dust pollution and gaseous pollution in the city. However, the presence of sulphur dioxide, carbon mono-oxide and nitrogen oxide is within the tolerable limits,\" added Radheshyam further.Though the officials do agree with the rise of air pollution, but still no concrete efforts are being made from their end. \"With rapid civic works, expansions of roads and construction work taking place, trees are being cut simultaneously thus resulting in rise of pollution,\" pointed Radhey Shyam, while claiming that they cannot solely initiate the drives and need the assistance of other departments.\"Since the roads have been dug up for laying of sewer lines, dust particles form a layer in the air that is visible in the evenings. The density of these dust particles is much higher where construction work is rampant,\" added Radheshyam further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13861192", "title": "Kerala's health department: Not sick, but far from fit", "text": "KOCHI: No major projects, but no controversies either! The health sector in the state completed a year under the UDF government without any major achievement, the sole exception being the ban on pan masala announced last week.This government escaped unhurt mainly because its crisis management ability was not tested -- there was no epidemic in the state in the past one year. The previous LDF government was exposed in its first year itself as it miserably failed to check chikungunya.Kerala now remains safe mainly because the surveillance system put in place by the previous government enables it to monitor any kind of fever outbreak. However, the company floated by the previous government to procure and supply drugs to government hospitals is yet to achieve the desired the results. Scarcity of drugs continues to haunt hospitals.And even as the government is unable to fill vacancies in the existing five medical colleges, it has announced a decision to start four more medical colleges. At present there are over 400 vacancies of faculties in the five medical colleges in the state.The only crisis the government has had to tackle in the last one year was the nurses' strike in private hospitals. It took the courageous step to appoint a committee to study the working conditions of nurses and suggest a pay structure for them. The committee has submitted its report, but the government has shelved the report under pressure.Another major setback the state witnessed in the last one year was in the utilization of NRHM funds. Since NRHM was launched in the state in 2006, its worst period was in 2011-12 when its funds remained under-utilized. And because of this, the state could not receive the funds it demanded under the programme implementation plan submitted for the year 2012-13. The Centre returned the plan the state had submitted thrice. After it assumed office the UDF government shifted most of the experienced employees of NRHM, which affected its functioning. The NRHM, which has enormous funds, used to be a blessing in disguise for the government, and the previous government had made best use of these funds.The hospital acquired infection, which had hit the headlines during the tenure of the previous government, had led to the death of many infants at the SAT hospital in Thiruvananthapuram. The news doing the rounds today is that the same infection is killing infants at the same hospital.The health portfolio carries a jinx. No health minister, except P K Sreemathi, has completed a full five-year term. And Kerala has already had two ministers in the first year of the UDF government.What V S Sivakumar can claim? Ban on pan masala and chewing tobacco (but struggling to implement it) Pentavalent vaccines included under the immunization programme Karunya pharmacies to open shops in all districts (but yet to get clearance from finance department )What P K Sreemathi (former health minister) has to say? Only announcements, no concrete steps have been taken Not even a single achievement that the government can boast of Hospitals in disarray with shortage of drugs No planning on implementation of policies started by previous government NRHM in doldrumsWhat Adoor Prakash can boast of ? Four new medical colleges (even as the five existing ones are in crisis) Launched Karunya pharmacy to bring down prices of essential drugs (but only one pharmacy in one year) NRHM saw four directors being appointed (its poorest show in five years) Making peripheral health centres into specialty hospitals (remain on paper)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858681", "title": "Customs to appoint more house agents", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time in 23 years, the Customs department will increase the number of Customs house agents (CHA). The first few licenses will be handed out today.The move comes after efforts by agents, who wanted the department to open its doors to new entrants. An increase in the number of agents will help importers and exporters as it is CHAs who deliver their goods safely.Currently, there are about 1,700 CHAs in Mumbai. Customs will now add 111 to this to facilitate smoother movement of port and air cargo. Customs officials said that the department's move was prompted by the increase in the volume of cargo coming and going from Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859885", "title": "Most vehicles in Delhi don\u2019t have PUC certificate", "text": "NEW DELHI: On Tuesday, the transport department started the year's first pollution checking drive as part of its World Environment Day initiative. With the drive reduced to an annual affair \u2014 the last one was in July 2011 \u2014 driving in Delhi without a pollution under control (PUC) certificate carries few risks. In fact, barely 26% of private vehicles comply with the simplest pollution check: updating their PUC certificates every three months.According to data available with the transport department, only around four lakh PUC certificates are issued every month to private vehicles. Considering there are more than 60 lakh vehicles in the city, that's a minuscule number. A senior government official said, \"Even if you discount the commercial vehicles from this tally, there are still around 50 lakh private vehicles in Delhi. Four lakh PUC certificates for this number are too few.\" The numbers are certainly worrying. Between April 2010 and February 2012, the transport department - which is the main enforcement body in the city \u2014 issued only 87,561 challans for PUC violations. That's barely 120 challans every day.Officials say most of the challans were issued during checking drives. However, with only one drive taking place in the last few months, enforcement is an issue. The department's standard excuse is lack of enforcement personnel. The official said, \"There are less than 300 personnel in the enforcement department. They are formed into 30 teams, which work on shifts through the day. These teams not only check polluting vehicles but also a number of other violations such as overloading, autorickshaw violations etc.\" The fact, though, is that PUC drives have been random, at best, leading to non-compliance on a large scale, which the transport department officials also admit to. \"We are planning to start a drive on World Environment Day. Hopefully, that will spur people to go in for routine pollution checks,\" he said.The problem, though, is not merely vehicle owners ignoring PUC certification. Lack of monitoring of PUC centres is also a grey area, say experts. According to Delhi government regulations, any holder of a diploma in auto or mechanical engineering or ITI is eligible to conduct the PUC test and run a centre. Parameters include having instruments approved by an automobile entity like ARAI. The PUC centre is also expected to have an annual maintenance contract in place so as to ensure that instrument calibration is updated at all times. The reality, though, is that getting a PUC certificate from a centre is as simple as walking in and asking for the certificate. Even if measurements are beyond prescribed levels, the PUC centre will tune your vehicle to meet the specification rather than issue a rejection slip.That's not all. An earlier audit report by the Environment Pollution Control Authority had found discrepancies during a third party audit of PUC centres. The audit of 20 random centres had found that PUC centre operators were not sufficiently trained. Also, it was found that no auditing and quality assurance by a third party was carried out at the test centres, and as a result, the measurements were not reproducible from centre to centre. Transport department officials admit that third party audits are not done. \"Inspectors of all nine zones carry out surprise inspections. At least once a month, a centre is checked,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "13862966", "title": "Dr Death' appeals against his manslaughter conviction", "text": "MELBOURNE: Indian-origin surgeon Jayant Patel , who was jailed for killing three patients in Australia, today appealed against his manslaughter conviction.Patel, 62, dubbed as 'Dr Death', was sentenced to seven years' jail in July 2010 after a Brisbane Supreme Court found him guilty of manslaughtering three patients - Gerry Kemps, 77, James Phillips (46) and Mervyn Morris, 75. He was also found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm to a fourth man.His lawyers told a High Court in Brisbane that Patel was found guilty after the Crown changed its case halfway through the 58-day trial and that the convictions were a miscarriage of justice.Patel's lawyer Liam Kelly said his client was incorrectly tried under the wrong provisions of the criminal code, according 'The Courier Mail'.\"(Patel) was denied a proper trial according to law,\" he said.Patel's convictions are related to his time as a surgeon at the Bundaberg Hospital in south east Queensland between 2003 and 2005.Patel last year had appealed against his convictions and sentence to Queensland's Court of Appeal, the state's highest court, while the Attorney-General appealed the against the sentence imposed.A number of grounds were relied upon in particular the proper construction of section 288 of the Queensland's Criminal Code 1899.The Court of Appeal upheld the convictions, dismissing the appeal on the basis Patel's decision to operate in each case was thoroughly reprehensible. It ruled the decision was criminal and deserved criminal punishment.The court, in relation to section 288 of the Code, found that the section applied in relation to both criminal negligence and omissions in the course of performing surgery.The panel also dismissed all other grounds of Patel's appeal.His lawyers took their case to the High Court which had granted Patel leave to appeal in February this year.Kelly told the court he would submit Patel was convicted on the basis that his decision to operate was criminally negligent.However, he argued the piece of legislation used for prosecution was not broad enough to cover Patel's decision-making, but could only relate to any mistakes he may have made during the surgeries.The fundamental problem is that (the section of law) is irrelevant because it does not deal with the decision to operate, but it deals with the performance of surgery,\" he said.Kelly told the court the verdicts were also unsafe because the Crown changed its case mid-way through the trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13860112", "title": "Sinking feeling in Gauhati Commerce College", "text": "GUWAHATI: Like every monsoon, students of Gauhati Commerce College (GCC are again suffering due to waterlogging caused by incessant rain on the campus. A heavy downpour on Sunday night submerged the GCC campus and students who went to the college to check their higher secondary examination results declared on Monday had to make an artificial bridge of wooden benches to avoid wading through water. The situation on the campus, however, improved slightly on Tuesday.For last several years, students have protested against the authorities' failure to address the issue. Last year, several students skipped classes and blocked the R G Baruah Road in front of the college to demand for better drainage infrastructure. Though the administration assured that the problem would be resolved at the earliest, it did nothing concrete..On Monday afternoon, even GCC principal Ghanashyam Nath was busy supervising the work to drain out the rain water from the campus after Sunday night's rain water entered the classrooms. \"Despite appeal to all government departments and agencies concerned we are yet to see any action on the waterlogging problem. We are helpless,\" said Nath.Construction in the backyard of the college has blocked water carrying drains leading to the problem of waterlogging. \"The classes are badly hit during rainy days. Nothing satisfactory has been done by the government to solve this problem. A leading educational institution of the state is under water and it is happening every year. It's a shameful situation,\" says Simanta Thakuria of All Guwahati Students' Union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13860157", "title": "Sukham dances to make it a better world", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dancing can be a way of busting stress or staying fit. But for Sukham Ahluwalia, it is a medium of spreading her message against female foeticide. When this 20-year-old works on a new choreography, her intention is always to embed a message on various social issues in the dance, thus making the act much more than entertainment.A resident of Ghumar Mandi and a second-year student of bachelors in physiotherapy at Christian Medical College and Hospital, Sukham says, ''In Class VIII, I won a prize in inter-school folk dance competition at KVM School, Civil Lines. Thereafter, I participated in many competitions in the city.''After she joined CMCH, Sukham began choreographing dance events and it's then that she highlighted the plight of girl child in Punjab. ''In November 2011, I put together a dance event during the International Conference on Physiotherapy at AIIMS. So impressed was an Australian doctor with my performance that he gifted me a silver anklet,'' she smiles.Sukham also choreographed a sequence on female foeticide at CMCH on January 26 this year. ''I will continue to use dance to highlight issues that plague society,'' the youngster promises.The vice-principal of College of Physiotherapy at CMCH, K E Benjamin, says they appreciate Sukham's dancing talent, adding she is one of the best they have.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13863093", "title": "IIT Madras to tie up with Automation Industry Association to enhance research projects", "text": "CHENNAI: The Indian Institute of Technology - Madras has planned to tie up with the Automation Industry Association to set up a centre of excellence in the field in Chennai. The collaboration will enable the institute to get industry inputs in developing curriculum, and come up with industry-relevant and need-based research projects.A memorandum of understanding will be signed between IIT-M and the association on June 7 in this regard. Each participating company will bring a 'mentor' and a subject matter or domain expert. There will be joint development of curriculum, research projects, individual technology demonstrations, and training workshops under the MOU. The idea is to infuse contemporary technology and content into the educational system.Industrial automation is the use of control systems such as computers to control industrial machinery and processes, replacing human operators. In the scope of industrialization, it is a step beyond mechanization. Whereas mechanization provides human operators with machinery to assist them with the physical requirements of work, automation greatly reduces the need for human sensory and mental requirements as well.Leading players in the field of automation, such as B&R; Automation, Larsen &amp; Toubro Control and Automation, Invensys Process Management and Siemens Limited, have announced immediate participation in the project with their state-of-the-art technologies. PV Sivaram, MD, B&R; Industrial Automation and an alumnus of IITM, said, \"The challenge here is to share and excite a global industrial vision amongst the new breed of B.Tech and M.Tech graduates.\"K Nandakumar, vice-president of the association, AIA, said the tie-up is an opportunity to showcase success ideas and to interact with emerging technical talent and users.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13860304", "title": "Karat stays away from crucial meeting", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The crucial meeting of the CPM state secretariat did not take up any of the controversial issues on the first day of its meeting on Tuesday. Instead, it debated a number of organizational affairs. The secretariat is expected to discuss the disciplinary action against V S Achuthanandan and M M Mani on Wednesday.Sources in the CPM said some last minute developments have caused confusion among the state CPM leadership on how to deal with issues related to VS and Mani. CPM general secretary Prakash Karat cancelled his trip to Thiruvananthapuram in the last moment without citing any reason. It is learnt that Karat was upset with the adamant stand of the state leadership with regard to Mani and did not want to take part in the deliberations in the state which he felt would only try to bail out Mani.Though the controversial speech of Mani has done much damage to the party in the national and international level, the state leadership has not treated it as a serious breach of party discipline. The decision of the Idukki district committee to extend its support to Mani and dare the party leadership to remove him also had not gone well with the central leadership. It is learnt that Karat had a word about this with the state leadership and decided to cancel the Kerala trip after that.Politburo member S Ramachandran Pillai is the only representative of the party centre who is attending the state secretariat meeting. The new PB member from the state, M A Baby, did not attend the first day's meeting. But, V S Achuthanandan attended the full session on the first day.On Wednesday, SRP is expected to convey to the state secretariat the decision taken by the CPM available PB last week that strong disciplinary action needed to be initiated against Mani. The secretariat may then ask Mani to go on leave till the state committee finalizes the action. The official leadership plans to introduce a resolution in the secretariat seeking disciplinary action against VS for his open statements against the CPM state secretary. The resolution will then be forwaded to the Central Committee, which will meet in New Delhi later this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jamkandorna town (rajkot)", "code": "13860756", "title": "Check this watershed of a project", "text": "JAMKANDORNA TOWN (RAJKOT): In 1993, Ramesh Ginoya, 50, a resident of Balapar village in Jamkandorna taluka of Rajkot, had to give away his mini-tractor to a creditor. He had earned just Rs 60,000 from the 45 bighas of land he owned as against the Rs 1.25 lakh he spent on cultivation. He had no option as he could only harvest a single crop in a year.In 2012, he owns the same 45 bighas of land but is now the proud owner of a car, an apartment worth Rs 80 lakh on Kalavad Road, Rajkot's posh locality, and is going to start a factory of machine parts in Rajkot by investing more than Rs 70 lakh. \"The credit entirely goes to watershed works carried out by Vruksh Prem Seva Trust (VPST), in our village. It turned our fortunes around,\" he says. \"We have built 70 check dams in our village with their help.\" VPST, founded by Premjibhai Patel, 85, works for rural development and involves the community in all its projects. It has initiated various techniques of rainwater harvesting in villages. Premjibhai, better known as Premji Bapa among villagers, has built more than 1,700 check dams (small, medium and large) in 30 villages of Gondal and Jamkandorna taluka of Rajkot under watershed schemes of the government through VPST.\"Our villages were arid and drought-prone as we were only dependent on rain for agriculture. Many of the people had left our villages to work in the diamond-cutting and polishing industry in Surat. But now the scenario has changed. Many people have returned after the watershed schemes made our agriculture sustainable and certain,\" says Dhirubhai Patel, another villager.The state government provides 90 per cent support for watershed schemes, whereas the remaining 10 per cent is contributed by the beneficiary. \"But here, farmers have contributed 33 per cent which is the highest in the state. These farmers have constructed strong and less expensive check-dams with their own participation. Now they are maintaining and managing the check-dams themselves,\" says Premjibhai. \"The farmers even designed the check-dams to suit the geography with their own wisdom and these turned out to be the best and more sustainable. We never imposed our ideas on them,\" he insists.The model followed by the trust is being followed in many other states like Madhya Pradesh, and the likes of Anna Hazare have appreciated the work. Premjibhai was also awarded with 'National Water Award-2008' by Union Ministry of Water Resources for the watershed projects with effective community participation. Apart from watershed development works, Premjibhai has been actively involved in tree-plantation and has planted a billion trees which inspired former president Dr APJ Abdul Kalam to meet him personally. \"Even after the large number of check-dams we have built in the region, we still need to build more,\" says Premjibhai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13860803", "title": "Open goshalas at GP level: Kagwad MLA Raju Kage", "text": "BELGAUM: Kagwad MLA Raju Kage has urged the district administration to open goshalas at the each gram panchayat in Athani taluk where there is an acute shortage of fodder and water due to drought.Kage said at the district-level drought review meeting organized here on Tuesday that farmers are struggling to arrange fodder for cattle.The existing six goshalas in the taluk are not adequate to meet the requirement. Besides, they are far from the locality. There should be goshalas at each gram panchayat limits, he added.Echoing the same, former minister Laxman Savadi said around 200 cattle join the existing goshalas every day. At present, each goshala has more than 2,000 animals.On the other hand, the people of the taluk are reeling under drinking water scarcity. Kakamari multi-village water scheme has been stopped after Krishna river dried up while the Ainapur multi-village scheme will also be stopped in 4-5 days, he said.Minister Umash Katti directed the animal husbandry department officials to conduct a survey and do the needful. He also asked them to arrange fodder for animals from Bijapur district if required. Earlier, DC Anbukkumar briefed about the present situation in the district.The administration has been supplying drinking water through tankers to around 57 villages and 10 goshalas have been opened in Athani, Raibag and Chikkodi taluks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13859876", "title": "A Raja wants bail terms relaxed", "text": "CHENNAI: Former telecom minister A Raja, who is on a bail in the 2G spectrum case, has approached the CBI court in Delhi seeking relaxation of travel restrictions. The court, while granting him bail on May 15, had imposed conditions that Raja cannot visit Tamil Nadu without its prior permission and also cannot go to the department of telecom (DoT) office.\"As the MP from Udhagamandalam he has to discharge his duties in the constituency and as propaganda secretary of DMK he has to discharge functions throughout the state. He has mentioned the reasons and asked for relaxation in bail conditions,\" Raja's lawyer said.The CBI counsel is expected to give his reply to Raja's petition on Wednesday. \"The court is likely to deliver its order on the same day,\" a DMK MP said. The court vacation will commence from June 9.If the court allows Raja's petition, he plans to meet DMK president M Karunanidhi, visit Ooty and his home district Perambalur. Supporters of former deputy CM M K Stalin have started planning a grand reception for Raja in Ooty and Perambalur.\"Raja is having many visitors these days. Party members and friends have been meeting him in the evening hours. He wanted to be there in Chennai on Kalaignar's (Karunanidhi) birthday. But it did not work out. So this time he will try to meet him,\" a close friend of Raja said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13858499", "title": "No breakthrough in dacoity case", "text": "RANCHI: Police have failed to make any breakthrough in the dacoity case in which four masked dacoits had barged into a soft drink bottling plant at Kokar Industrial area here and decamped with Rs 9.6 lakh late on Monday evening.Four employees - Jonshon, Vimal, Gautam and Ram Kumar - were attacked with knives when they tried to resist the dacoits. All the injured were admitted in RIMS. \"Prima facie it appears that some employee were involved in the incident,\" SSP Saket K Singh said. tnnHe added that raids were conducted throughout the night to nab those involved in the incident.An FIR has been lodged against unknown on the statement of the factory owner Vinod Agrawal.The company concerned supplies the branded cold drink across Ranchi. The cash collection is done at night, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13859884", "title": "1 dies as portion of temple collapses", "text": "JAIPUR: One person was killed when a portion of Dehlaj Balaji temple on the outskirts of the city collapsed and fell on labourers working on the site. Two others sustained serious injuries.The incident took place at 11.00 am at the Hanuman temple in Pratap Nagar area where there was already a rush of worshippers since morning. While the labourers were working, a portion around the foundation stone collapsed. At least 12 labourers including some women got trapped under the debris. Other devotees soon swung into action and started a rescue operation.Nearly 30 minutes after the accident, a local team of civil defence, police and sub divisional magistrate, Sanganer, rushed to the spot with two JCB machines. Three seriously injured were rushed to the SMS hospital where one of the injured, identified as Radheysham (25), succumbed to his injuries.\"An iron rod stuck into his neck and ruptured the wind pipe which led to his death,\" said a doctor at the SMS mortuary. The labourers hailed from Syopur in Madhya Pradesh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13859060", "title": "BJP to expose Centre\u2019s acts", "text": "INDORE: Stepping up the tirade against the Centre, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Prakash Javadekar on Tuesday said that his party would gradually uncover the misdeeds of the Congress-led UPA government in the coal scam.Addressing a press conference here, Javadekar said, \"The UPA government is replete with scams,\" adding that his party would gradually uncover the misdeeds of the Congress-led UPA government in the coal scam. Referring to the Centre's alleged negligence towards proper storage of food grains, he said the Union government has been wasting tonnes of food grains with utter disregard to the apex court's order of distributing it among the poor.\"Around 800 lakh tonne of food grains has been produced in the country,\" he said adding that the Centre has failed to preserve it and let it rot owing to lack of storage facility.Referring to the recently concluded Congress Working Committee meeting, where the ruling party had said it would be back firmly in the saddle and control the spiraling prices, the BJP leader said that Congress failed to put a curb on the rising prices of essential commodities and corruption at various levels. He said the country was suffering from inflation and continuous slide of the rupee was an example for this.However, Javadekar parried queries related to BJP's internal bickering and growing rift between Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and senior leader L K Advani over various issues. On party's PM candidate, Javadekar said he would let the media know about it at an opportune time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860476", "title": "World Environment Day: Kochi painted green to mark the event", "text": "KOCHI: The entire city looked green on Tuesday, the World Environment Day. Various agencies and forums had organized a slew of programmes to mark day in an attempt to create awareness on the importance of environment protection.The inmates of Janaseva Boys' Home in Nedumbassery showed their support by planting saplings and cleaning the premises of Janaseva Boys' Home English Medium School.There was also a quiz competition at the school followed by an environmental message from A P Rajammal, principal.Amrita Vidyalayam marked the day by inaugurating an Eco Club at its campus. The event was attended by Hibi Eden MLA and district forest officer Unnikrishnan.Punjab National Bank planted saplings at the Fire and Rescue Station, Gandhinagar. G Somasekharan Nair, assistant general manager, was the chief guest.'Plant a Tree - Spread the Green' campaign, organized by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) in association with Infopark and Kerala State Horticultural Department, commenced at the Infopark campus on Tuesday. K Babu, minister for fisheries, ports and excise, inaugurated the campaign by planting a sapling.Naval Physical and Oceanographic Laboratory (NPOL), Thrikkakara started an environmental drive on the day by planting different varieties of medicinal and aromatic plants both in its technical and residential complexes to ensure a campus rich in biodiversity.S Anantha Narayanan, director, inaugurated the celebration in which scientists, officers and staff members took part.Shakthi, a national movement for women, conducted a seminar on 'Green education - the need of the day' at Govt Girls Higher Secondary School. K Jayachandran, FACT division chief engineer, inaugurated the function.At Mangalavanam Bird Sanctuary, the Swadeshi Science Movement held a programme to highlight the importance of a clean environment through waste management. It was inaugurated by Hibi Eden MLA along with Justice K Sukumaran. Eighty two students from 12 schools in the district participated in the event.The Kerala Catholics Bishop Council (KCBC) took a different approach. It urged the youth in the state to treat the environment as one's own home. KCBC also planted medicinal plants at Kalamasserry.The event was presided over by Cardinal Mar George Alencherry.The Kerala Paristhithi Samrakshana Forum, the environment cell of BJP, and the Verapoly Archdiocese also celebrated the day with a host of programmes.Mathrubhumi, in association with Federal Bank , celebrated the day through the programme, SEED (student empowerment for environmental development).Director Sathyan Anthikadu and actor Biju Menon were present.Legal Services Society also organized a programme in connection with the day. It was attended by CBI special judge P K Lakshmanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13848316", "title": "Call a Northeastern 'Chinki', be jailed for 5 yrs", "text": "The next time you call a person from North East a 'chinki' you could end up behind bars for five years.How many times have you heard someone call a person from the North East 'chinki'? How many times have you called someone from the North East 'chinki'? Now is the time to watch your tongue before you stereotype someone, because calling someone 'chinki' can land you in jail for up to five years. The term, even though derogatory, has become synonymous with people from North East because of their mongoloid features. But in an attempt to prevent racial discrimination against people from the North East, the Ministry of Home Affairs has asked all the states and union territories to book anyone who commits an act of atrocity against people from the region under the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act. Cyberspace has already started debating the pros and cons of this law, and while some people think a rule like this was long due, some feel that five years in jail is a little extreme. We asked people from the North East residing in Delhi if they think that people should be jailed from calling them 'chinki'.Five years? hell, ya! Of course it's fair to send someone to jail for calling us 'chinki'! What did Gandhi do when he was thrown out of the train because of his colour? He started a movement. That was in a foreign land, here we are treated differently and called names in our own country! - A 26-year-old sales executiveIn Delhi, people call North Eastern women 'chinki', implying that they are \"easy\". This is an attack on a person's integrity and dignity. I am glad steps are being taken to stop this kind of discrimination. - A 20-year-old DU studentSending people to prison is going to result in resentment and hostile behaviour. But sometimes these measures need to be taken because the discrimination against people from the North East in Delhi is appaling. - A 25-year-old JNU studentA little too extreme Being called 'chinki' is very common in Delhi. For that, years of imprisonment isn't exactly required. A week should suffice. - A 24-year-old call centre employeeImprisoning people for five years is a bit extreme. A few weeks should make the difference. But I'm glad this initiative is being taken because it's really difficult for people from the North East to settle down in a place where people just look down upon them all the time. - A 21-year-old DU studentAsk me this question after somebody is sentenced to jail for calling someone 'chinki'. I have my doubts. In case it is acted upon, then also I feel imprisonment for five years is way too much. - A 27-year-old journalist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13857781", "title": "Old power projects given green signal", "text": "NOIDA: With Noida Authority accepting the proposal of Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL) to allow resumption of work on connecting four 33KV substations with the 132KV substation in Sector 62, the problem of incessant power cuts in the city caused due to overloading is expected to get lessened to a great extent.In a meeting with the CEO of Noida Authority, Sanjeev Saran, on Tuesday, PVVNL, the power distribution utility of Noida, has been assured that work would soon begin to complete the task. This has been allowed keeping in view the inconvenience caused to residents due to frequent power cuts.Work on connecting the four 33KV substations in Sectors 6, 6A, 1 and 16A with feeders from the 132KV substation in Sector 62 had stopped abruptly after the new officials in Noida Authority took over. These substations have been drawing power through feeder lines connected to the 132KV substation in Sector 45 and the 220/132KV substation in Sector 20.\"However, owing to the heavy load it caused on Sector 45 and Sector 20 substations, work had been undertaken to connect these with the Sector 62 substation,\" said CL Gupta, superintending engineer, PVVNL. \"Work had abruptly halted after 80% completion,\" he added.The power firm had informed the Authority of the urgency with which this work had to be completed because the city has been facing an unprecedented power crisis this summer owing to lack of proper infrastructure for power transmission even as demand kept growing. \"The cables lying unattended along the length of the lines since work stopped on connection with the substation were also at risk of being stolen,\" said Gupta.However, PVVNL informed that after its meeting with Authority officials on Tuesday, they have been given all assurance that work would be resumed to complete the circuits. \"We expect power supply getting streamlined to a large extent once the work is complete,\" added Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13848282", "title": "I saw a lot of porn: Emraan", "text": "That's how, says Emraan Hashmi, he prepared for his role in his upcoming movieWhen asked we spoke to Emraan Hashmi at an event in Delhi, we asked him what sort of preparation he did for his role in the upcoming Dibakar Banerjee flick. Emraan said that \"He watched a lot of porn.\" He also revealed how Dibakar convinced him to become Jogi Parmar (his character in the film). He said, \"Dibakar told me that my role will be that of a small time journalist, who even shoots small porn films to earn a living. He told me, 'Yeh sab jo role play kiya hai tumne apni har movie mein camera ke samne, ab camera ke peeche yeh sab shoot karna hai.' He actually made me graduate with this character. Also in this movie, he has made me run after the girl. Har picture mein ladkiyan mere peeche bhaagti hain, lekin iss film mein main Kalki ke peeche bhaag raha hoon.\"Emraan, who has completely changed his looks for the movie, said that his character, Jogi, is so ugly that if he had come dressed as a character, people would have got scared. \"Yahan jitne log baithe hai, sab bhaag jaate, had I come in my Jogi Parmar get-up,\" laughed Emraan.And as for signing his first U certificate film, he had this to say: \"I actually wanted to do a saaf-suthra film as many would call it, for my son, who is just two years old. I'd want my son to see at least one film of mine before he turns 18, which he can't right now. So I'm happy to have signed a U film,\" said Emraan, who has recently signed \"Ek Thi Daayan\" which will be co-produced by Vishal Bhardwaj and Ekta Kapoor .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13859264", "title": "Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre upgrade to be fast-tracked: PC", "text": "BHOPAL: Union home minister P Chidambaram, who is heading a group of ministers (GoM) on Bhopal gas tragedy, said on Tuesday that fast track efforts were being made to make the Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BHMRC) a top hospital for rehabilitation and treatment of the gas victims.\"The GoM is meeting on June eight. We will take a decision on recruitment of doctors and re-placing and upgrading the equipment which now are 12 years old\", he said at a press conference. Two other members of the GoM, union law minister Salman Kurshid and minister of state in PMO V Narayanswamy were also present.\"There are several vacancies of doctors and resident doctors. We will take fast track initiatives to fill up the vacancies. It has already been decided to implement the sixth pay commission recommendations for the BMHRC staff\", Chidambaram said adding that they have also received proposal for upgrading the equipment.Decision on toxic waste on June 8Chidambaram said on Tuesday that the GoM would take a decision on June 8 regarding safe disposal of toxic waste lying in now defunct Union Carbide's pesticide plant in Bhopal. It will then be conveyed to the Supreme Court.\"It's wrong to say that we have not taken any steps for the disposal of toxic waste. In fact, we spared no effort to do so,\" he told reporters here during the visit of the GoM members.Pointing out that initially the proposal was to dispose of the waste at a site in Gujarat but the government there objected to it. Subsequently, it was decided to dispose it off in Maharashtra but the state government again expressed unwillingness to permit transportation and disposal of toxic waste in its territory.The Union minister pointed out that there was also a proposal to incinerate 346 metric tonne (MT) toxic waste at a facility at Pithampur, near Indore, but the state government could not go ahead because of opposition from local farmers and others. Later, the GoM decided to accept the Madhya Pradesh government's proposal on disposing the Union Carbide's toxic waste by employing the state-run German Society for International Cooperation (GIZ).\"Venue for the incineration of waste is the main bone of contention,\" he said adding that the GoM would take a decision on June 8.MP govt to apprise PC of red terrorThe Madhya Pradesh government through a presentation plans to apprise Union home minister P Chidambaram of the emerging Left-wing extremism to back its demand for declaring nine more districts in the state as Maoist-affected.While Balaghat, a district bordering with Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra, has already been declared as a Left-wing extremism (LWE) affected district, the state wants the Centre to declare nine more districts face Maoist menace arguing that the state wants to take preventive steps to curb the spread of the rebel influence to more areas by taking up development initiatives in the backward regions.\"Madhya Pradesh as a state is not considered as badly affected by Maoist threat as the states of Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Orissa and Bihar. A few districts of Orissa and Maharashtra were also in the grip of the red-menace,\" Chidambaram told reporters here. \"Chief minister Shivraj Singh wants to give a presentation on the emerging situation of Maoist menace. I have invited him to Delhi and promised to work out some arrangements,\" he said.'Rupee will stabilize': Chidambaram said that there was no need to get alarmed or panic over country's current tough economic situation. The growth prospects still remain strong and the situation could recover in fiscal 2012-13 and 2013-14, he added. \"We can recover. There are countries with zero per cent growth. Although at moderate rate, we still continue to grow,\" he said while listing the achievements of the UPA-II government on its completion of three years in office.GoM to heed NGOs' suggestions\"We have received proposals to have equipment and facilities for renal transplant, liver transplant and cornea transplant at BMHRC,\" he pointed out adding that the GoM meeting on June 8 would take a decision to strengthen the hospital.\"We have received memoranda from non-government organisations (NGOs) working among the gas victims. These suggestions will also be examined at the GoM meeting. Our efforts are to equip this hospital with state of the art facilities and make it a first rate hospital in the country\", he added.After being set up with funds generated through sale of Union Carbide's shares in its Indian subsidiary, Bhopal memorial super-speciality hospital\u2014established to provide relief to the gas leak survivors\u2014was run by a trust for many years.Subsequently, the government decided to handover it to the Atomic Energy department for running it in collaboration with Tata memorial hospital but it did not work out as planned. Later, the union ministry of health and family welfare took over the task of running the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13861999", "title": "Censor says yes to Shanghai song, no to abuses", "text": "The decks have been cleared for Dibakar Banerjee's eagerly awaited political thriller Shanghai which hits theatres this Friday. The Censor Board of Film Certification (CBFC) has accorded the film a UA certification, which means it is suitable for under-age viewing under parental guidance, albeit with one major cut.CBFC CEO Pankaja Thakur refused to dwell on the cut, adding, \"Beyond that one scene, we saw nothing objectionable in the content.\" And while no one is willing to divulge any details, we hear the censored scene originally had an abusive term addressed to a politician.Explaining the censor board's stand on the controversial song Bharat mata ki jai against which a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) has been filed in the Delhi High Court by the Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena, Thakur said, \"The matter is subjudice, so I can't comment on whether the song stays or goes from the film. It was cleared by our Revising Committee when submitted to the board members earlier. As far as the censor board is concerned, the song has been cleared.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13858592", "title": "3,500 pupils to turn entrepreneurs", "text": "PANAJI: Over the next three years, 3,500 commerce graduates from 18 colleges across Goa will be trained per year to draw up a feasible business plan, for which the Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry (GCCI) will then find finance so students turn into job providers rather than job seekers.The colleges have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for the programme with GCCI, the Goa Commerce Teachers' Association (GCA) and an organization, ICreate, of former corporate CEOs who want to encourage entrepreneurship among youngsters.\"IITians and former CEOs of Goan origin from ICreate have trained 70 people in Goa already, who will conduct a five full-day programme for the commerce graduates from these 18 colleges. The students will be familiarized with the different practical aspects involved in coming up with an actual business plan. The programme is aimed at changing the mindset in the country where every 26th citizen is a government servant,\" GCCI president Manguirish Pai Raikar said.Once a plan is drawn up, finance will be worked out to set up the business. \"GCCI will provide microfinance for the businesses and handhold them for the first six months of the business being set up. We have trained mentors from the GCA for the students and have created the biggest pool of trainers in Goa available in the country under ICreate's project,\" Pai Raikar said.He said that the aim of the project is to take teaching beyond the books and convert it into a useful practical knowledge so the students can become a part of the Indian growth story rather than a burden on the economy by being job seekers.\"Also, as part of the MoU, the colleges will have to train self-help group members and dropouts from villages located in the vicinity through at least one such programme to pass on the knowledge,\" Pai Raikar said.Manoj Kamat, who heads the GCA, said, \"As part of the programme, the colleges will have to hold a business plan competition after the training and drawing of the business plan is over. The best two from each college will compete at the state level. The best two at the state level will then compete at the national business plan competition to be held by ICreate.\"The best two from the country will then get an opportunity to enter into a competition at the international level in New York.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13859527", "title": "14 Sawai Man Singh doctors in a spot for negligence", "text": "JAIPUR: Following the directions of Rajasthan High court, the Moti Dungari police on Tuesday registered a case for allegedly causing death due to negligence against 14 doctors of Sawai Man Singh hospital superintendent Dr LC Sharma, principal of SMS medical college Dr. Subash Nepalia and 12 others.The case is relating to the death of one Sarthak Jhalani (12) who was declared dead after medication at the hospital on September 18, 2009. Accusing the hospital authories of wrong diagnosis and medication, the victim's father Mahesh Jhalani had initially gone to lodge an FIR against the doctors, but after finding the police non-cooperative, he approached the Rajasthan High court for justice.At first, Mahesh had sought the causes of death through RTI applications from SMS authorities, who replied him that thousands of patients die at the hospital, thus they can't attribute any particular reason behind the case.Later, for one year the aggrieved father continued his crusade and finally after finding reasonable causes of his son's death, he approached the Rajasthan High court.A bench comprising Justice Mahesh Chand Sharma has summoned deputy commissioner of police (East) and circle inspector Moti Dungari asking them to register a case under appropriate sections of IPC.When contacted, Deepak Khandelwal, circle inspector, Moti Dungari told TOI on Tuesday that a case of death due to negligence has been registered against 14 doctors of SMS hospital under section 304 A (causing death due to negligence) of IPC.The doctors, who were booked in the case, included former principal of SMS medical college Dr Ashok Pangadia, superintendent Dr LC Sharma, former superintendent of the hospital Dr Narpat Singh and 11 others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859855", "title": "Heat kills 67 in West Bengal in a day", "text": "KOLKATA: The relentless heat killed 67 more people across West Bengal on Tuesday, six of them in Kolkata, pushing up the death toll to 86 in just two days. Five prize horses also died despite water and ice therapy. The Met department has warned that it will get worse as the wait for the monsoon stretches to mid-June.This is perhaps the highest number of heat-related deaths in the state in decades. It doesn't matter if you are 18 and fit as a fiddle or 70 and ailing. The heat has spared none.Alarmed by the worsening weather, the state has extended summer vacations till June 17 by when the rains are expected to have arrived. Three lawyers' associations have decided to stay away from work till Friday.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee convened a cabinet meeting on Tuesday to come to grips with the heat wave. \"If you have no work in the state secretariat please go to the districts to reach out to the people,\" the CM told her ministers.Asansol, which sizzled at 46.5 degrees Celsius, suffered the worst. Thirty-one people dropped dead during the day, while at least 50 were hospitalized. Twenty-one people died in Midnapore. The heat struck so quickly that many succumbed within moments; some died at the doorsteps of hospitals.Kolkata had another terrible day in the cauldron as six people died, five of them in Behala-Thakurpukur. Three people died at Howrah station soon after arriving by the Amritsar Express and a railway employee died in the welding shed of Liluah workshop.For the second day, the maximum temperature in Kolkata soared to 40 degrees Celsius, five degrees above normal, while the discomfort index was an unbearable 71 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13859752", "title": "UP board class XII results: 2 Barabanki girls top board exams", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two girls from Barabanki were joint toppers in the class XII UP board examination, the results of which were declared on Tuesday.Abhilasha Yagyaseni and Apoorva Verma from Rani Lakshmi Bai Memorial Inter College, Barabanki shared the first position with 96.2% marks followed by Pooja Gautam of the same school securing 95.2%. Ashustosh Singh from SKD Academy Inter College, Lucknow was the boy's topper securing 94.2%.While Apoorva was hopeful of topping the state, success for Abhilasha came as a surprise.Shalini Singh of Saraswati Shishu Mandir, Barabanki secured 94.6%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13858934", "title": "Drunk Spaniards fined for creating ruckus", "text": "NASHIK: Four Spaniards who wreaked havoc in the Usha Kiran Society under the jurisdiction of the Gangapur police station under the influence of alcohol were slapped with a fine of Rs 1,010 each by a local court. The four Spanish residents, identified as Hussail Louis, Daniel Porles, Santos Mulcol and Nabil Abdul Rahman, had created a scene at the Usha Kiran Society in front of the City Centre Mall on Sunday night.During this chaos, they also flung liquor bottles on the road, after which some residents of the area reported the incident to the Gangapur police station. The four were arrested by the Gangapur police on the same night and produced before a local court here. tnnThe court released them after taking an assurance from the Spaniards of good conduct in the future. While Commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal has rattled the criminals in Nashik with continuous operations against them, the scene the ignorant Spaniards created became a topic of discussion in the city on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13846745", "title": "SRK ropes in Akon for KKR's new anthem?", "text": "After Team Kolkata's grand victory in IPL 5, Shah Rukh Khan is all set to ensure that the next season is even bigger and better for them. And to set the ball rolling, the anthem is changed to add an extra spunk.The team who coined Korbo Lorbo Jeetbo Re is working on a more bold and \"explosive\" anthem. Also there is wide speculation that SRK might rope in R&B; singer Akon to sing it. Akon has been associated with King Khan when he sang the Chammak Challo number in Ra.One.\"It will be a newer version of Korbo Lorbo Jeetbo Re ,\" says music director Vishal Dadlani who had penned the lyrics for the earlier anthem with Kahaani director Sujoy Ghosh. \"The anthem is all about celebrations after a long wait of five years. It's about victory which was finally witnessed,\" Vishal adds. He also informs that since it is a team from Kolkata, the song will be a \"celebration and explosion of the fun-filled Bengali culture\" as well. On Akon's association, he further added: \"I am still not sure of any such development. I am in constant touch with Akon and so is SRK. Nothing has been finalised yet.\"Korbo lorbo ... was coined on the spot by Sujoy and Vishal five years ago. Sujoy, who is in London now, confirmed the news of the proposed change in the anthem. \"I think the word I would associate with Shah Rukh Khan and his team this time would be Rongbaaj . I loved SRK and the team's attitude through the IPL,\" says Sujoy. Rongbaaj in Bengali literally translates into 'dude of the locality'. So, what made Sujoy pick this word. He says, \"The way Team Kolkata won the finals, they have every right to put their collars up. And Rongbaaj perfectly fits the bill.\" However, Vishal confirms that \"the tune of the chorus will be the same. The rest will change.\"Sujoy, it seems, still has to get Rongbaaj approved from Vishal. \"Before the first season of the IPL, Vishal had approached me to coin a Bong phrase for the anthem and I wrote khelbo, lorbo, jeetbo re . But Vishal felt that wasn't powerful enough and Khelbo (meaning: will play) turned to Korbo (meaning: will do) on his insistence. Actually the credit should go to Vishal because all this happened under his reign.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13858190", "title": "Polythene bags banned in Patna zoo", "text": "PATNA: The state government has banned use of polythene bags inside the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park.Making this announcement on the World Environment Day, deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi said the ban came into effect on Tuesday itself. Even potato chips would be sold in paper bags at the park's canteen. As for cold drinks and mineral water in plastic bottles, users will have to pay extra Rs 5 which would be refunded when the empty bottle is returned. \"The idea is to make people realize and pay immediate attention to the harm caused to the environment by polythene and plastic bags,\" Modi said.To carry eatables in the park, visitors will have to use jute bags which will be made available with the help of State Bank of India at the park gates on payment of Rs 2 per bag.If the experiment succeeds, such a ban would be enforced in the Buddha Smriti Park and Eco Park also, Modi said. The government has planned to plant 25 crore saplings in the next five years. Of these, 10.25 crore saplings would be planted in forest areas.Modi declared around 2,000 trees of the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park would be felled for smooth landing and take-off of planes operating from the JPN International Airport. \"It is a definitely a bad decision but it had to be taken for the safety of flyers,' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13862407", "title": "Demi Moore's daughter arrested for underage drinking and fake ID", "text": "Demi Moore's 20-year-old daughter Scout Willis was arrested for allegedly drinking a beer and handing cops a fake ID in New York City's Union Square subway station Monday night in New York City.According to WABC, when Willis was stopped by police at around 6:50 pm, she gave officers a New York State ID with the name Katherine Kelly. After further questioning, she gave them her real California ID with the name Scout Willis, ABC News reported.According to the criminal complaint, she told police, \"My name is Scout Willis. The first ID isn't mine. My friend gave it to me. I don't know Katherine Kelly.\"She was charged with two misdemeanors, People magazine revealed.Willis was released without bail Tuesday morning; she'll return to Manhattan Criminal Court on July 31.Willis, the second daughter of Moore and Bruce Willis , is a student at Brown University . (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13858507", "title": "Power problems irk South Goans, minister gets cracking", "text": "MARGAO: Regular power fluctuations across South Goa for the last three days have caused of inconvenience to residents and traders even as power minister Milind Naik has promised that the matter will be solved in ten days' time.\"I had convened a meeting today (Tuesday) itself with executive engineers, assistant engineers and junior engineers. Once the rain starts for ten days or so, this may continue, but after that we will have identified the problem areas and this won't happen after that,\" said Naik, speaking to TOI on Tuesday.\"When it starts raining, the insulators malfunction and we are not able to identify where exactly the breakdown has taken place. We send our electricians to climb poles, sometimes even five poles at a time, to check as there is no other way to find out,\" said Naik. He also said that in many places, the situation had been rectified.The power problems have also affected the daily routine of many,, some of whom pointed out that they are forced to stay home because of the rains and no electricity. \"Some of my electrical appliances have got damaged due to voltage fluctuations,\" said Immaculate Godinho, a houswife from Cumborda, Verna.Businessmen too have stated that they have suffered losses due to power fluctuations. Steven Dias, who runs a bakery in Nuvem, pointed out that there was no electricity for an hour at 4 am and then again at 2 pm which affected him. \"We put the cake in the oven for an hour or so and these constant power interruptions have brought about losses in production,\" added Dias.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859148", "title": "'State too should allow non-resident Indians to file RTI queries'", "text": "HYDERABAD: A month after the central government issued an e-IPO (Indian Postal Order) allowing non-resident Indians (NRIs) to submit RTI queries using an electronically-generated postal order, transparency activists in the city are demanding that the state government, too, should provide a similar service.The central government currently allows NRIs to seek information under RTI Act using e-IPO. Within the country, an applicant needs to attach a regular postal order with the RTI form while submitting a query.Since this service is limited to central government departments, local RTI activists are pushing for a similar service for the state government departments. RTI activist CJ Karira said, \"We got the e-IPO service after a three-year struggle since it was very difficult for NRIs to use this Act without such an option. Since it is only limited to central government departments, we want the state general administration department (GAD) also to follow the same model and introduce it in the state. Presently, a person residing abroad has to file an RTI query through friends or family as there is no other method of doing it.\" Other activists said that online payment facility should be extended to local citizens as well. \"The payment issue has always been a bottleneck for the locals. If this service is extended to local citizens then more people can use the Act without any hassles,\" said RTI activist Rakesh Reddy Dubbudu.Stating that a similar service should also be extended for state government departments, B Ramakrishna Raju, convenor of the United Forum for RTI campaign said that they would soon chalk out a strategy to pressurize the government into implementing the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13860691", "title": "Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences bags pollution control award", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Chief minister Oommen Chandy presented the award instituted by the State Pollution Control Board to the Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences (MIMS) managing director Dr Abdulla Cheraykkat at a function held in Thiruvananthapuram on Tuesday.The award comprising a purse of Rs1 lakh and certificate was presented to the hospital on the occasion of the observance of the World Environment Day.The MIMS won the award for its effective measures taken to control pollution at the hospital. MIMS is winning the award for the sixth time.U Basheer, executive director of MIMS and M Surendra Das, senior manager, engineering &amp; maintenance attended the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858038", "title": "Big-ticket films look to set silver screen on fire", "text": "MUMBAI: The success of movies like Housefull 2, Vicky Donor, Jannat 2 and Ishaqzaade during the IPL season goes on to show how films and cricket can co-exist. However, the best phase for cinema this year has just begun with the first weekend opening of Rowdy Rathore touching Rs 48 crore and nearly half-a-dozen films set to hit the silver screen in the following weeks. Trade analyst Amod Mehra said, \"It is going to be a mixed bag with nearly Rs 500 crore riding on films that will be releasing in June and July.\"An interesting feature of the films that are set to release this season is the variety that the audience will get. A full masala film like Rowdy Rathore will be followed by a political-thriller that will target primarily the multiplex audiences. That is followed by a heartwarming comedy, Ferrari Ki Sawari, which has been in news for various reasons, including Sachin Tendulkar's rumoured guest appearance.A gritty revenge drama set in the coal city of Dhanbad, Gangs of Wasseypur will make it to the theatres on the following Friday. July would begin with Rohit Shetty's comedy Bol Bachchan. After that, Cocktail, a complicated tale of friendship and love, starring Saif Ali Khan and Deepika Padukone, will hit the theatres. The season that started off with Rowdy Rathore will be culminating effectively with one of the biggest films of the year, Ek Tha Tiger, hitting the screens on the occasion of Eid.With five films performing well during the IPL season, the Bollywood myth that cricket and cinema cannot co-exist has been busted. Of late, the notion that female-oriented films do not work at the box office has also been shattered.Trade analyst Taran Adarsh said, \"This has never happened before. The industry is jumping with joy and the forthcoming releases look even better.\"For the exhibitors too, the IPL season has been impressive. Operations head of Fun Cinema Vishal Anand said, \"The beginning of this financial year-April and May-has been very good. We did 20% better than our targets. Also, this April was the best in the last five years.\"\"The first week of June with Rowdy Rathore has been better than average, with our cinemas clocking 60% occupancy on the opening weekend. It could have been better and more massy but.The film opened extremely well in all single-screen theatres,\" he adds.With the IPL season getting more lucrative for cinema and the audience developing an appetite for various genres of movies, film-makers and theatre owners are finding themselves on a good wicket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13857916", "title": "Woman names hubby as burglary suspect", "text": "NAGPUR: A woman complained about her husband being involved in the burglary at her residence at Shree Krishna Nagar off Godhni Road. Jyostna Rahate, working in a private company, noticed the burglary at her place after she returned from her mother's place on Tuesday morning.Jyostna, daughter of retired police personnel, claimed that burglars have decamped with cash Rs2,000 and around four tolas of gold from her place.It was learnt that Jyostna's husband Jagdish, who works with the irrigation department, had left home with their two children in the morning following a long-drawn domestic dispute among the couple, married for the last 12 years.Jyostna and Jagdish had already referred their dispute to the police and their matter is being handled by the crime branch's special cell. Jyostna claimed that she could have been murdered if the burglars would have spotted her at home.She alleged that her estranged husband may be behind the robbery. It was learnt that Jagdish doubted Jyostna's character and the couple fell out over the same issue.Jyostna also claimed that Gittikhadan police had registered her complaint of burglary but denied including husband's name as one of the suspects. This is the second theft at her place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13858099", "title": "Hotel Chidambara back under hammer", "text": "NAGPUR: The Hotel Chidambara International at Ramdaspeth (earlier Royal Palace), is once gain under the hammer. This was one of first properties of a bank defaulter that was auctioned in 2002 by evoking the stringent Securitization and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest (SARFAESI) Act that came into effect the same year.As bad loans in banking sector had become a burning issue those days. Government enacted this law which empowered banks to go-ahead with seizure and sale of defaulters' assets. Those days every auction by a bank evoking this law including that of this hotel created a hype sending signals to wilful defaulters.A decade later, Raipur-based businessman Balkrishna Agrawal who had purchased this hotel and rechristened it Chidambara International, is now a bank defaulter himself. He was known to be close to former chief minister of Chhattisgarh Ajit Jogi. They eventually fell apart with Agrawal joining Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP). Sources hint at political vendetta as a cause of his downfall.In 2002, the original owner Rajkumar Khattar had mortgaged the hotel to Shikshak Sahakari Bank, which used the SARFAESI Act to recover its dues. The bank realized Rs 4.32 crore by selling the hotel that it claimed to be one its major achievements. Now when auctions under this law have become routine, Punjab National Bank (PNB), to which Agrawal owes over Rs 20 crore has invited bids for the property.The bank has fixed a reserve price of Rs 12 crore\u2014a three fold increase in a decade. This is not the first time PNB is trying to sell the property. The earlier three attempts to invite bids failed as no buyer turned up. Under the current auction, bids will be opened on June 27.The hotel is located on a 8,000 square feet plot and has a built up area of 30,000 square feet. Realty players have mixed opinion about its value. Deepak Heda, a real estate advisor, said the locality has a market rate of Rs 15,000 a square foot and with the structure the hotel could easily fetch up to Rs 25 crore. Pankaj Roshan, a broker, said a reserve price of Rs 16 crore could have been set considering the market rates. However, the property may not be finding takers due to several hidden liabilities.Agrawal was granted a loan by Kingsway branch of PNB for taking over a fertilizer factory at Raipur. However, the Chhattisgarh government cancelled the lease of the land where it was located. The business had to be shut down, leading to the default by 2007. The hotel is a part of the extended collateral security offered to the bank.Agrawal, who is reportedly not responding to the bank's calls, could not be contacted. His brother Santosh Agrawal said they had purchased M/s Dharamdasji Morarji Chemicals and Fertilisers, a concern that ran on a land leased by Chhattisgarh government. \"Although 50 years of the tenure remained, the lease was abruptly cancelled and the business came to a standstill,\" he said. The firm also has around 15 acres of freehold land near Raipur which could also be disposed of by the bank. However, most of it has been encroached upon and the government has failed to react despite FIRs, he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "haimen, jiangsu", "code": "13860627", "title": "China eyes reclaiming land from sea to drive industrial growth", "text": "HAIMEN, JIANGSU: Rolling through nine provinces from its origin in the Tibetan glaciers the great Yangtze River travels 6,300 kilometers before it flows into the East China Sea. Shanghai is located just south of its right bank at the confluence. On the left bank is Jiangsu province, a vast fertile plain largely created by the silt carried down over centuries by the Yangtze \u2014 about 170 million cubic meters every year.Haimen (\"Gateway to the Sea\") is a small municipality on the north bank of the Yangtze. It is the scene of one of the biggest, most adventurous projects of its kind \u2014 reclamation of about 100,000 hectares of land from the sea.Fei Chen, an official with the Board of Trade of Haimen Municipality says that there is no option but to go for land reclamation as there is no more vacant land for industry . \"We can't ask farmers to quit and other land is already taken up,\" he explains as we stand on a levee overlooking several kilometers of mudflats on the shore. The Yangtze River's silt created the land on which Haimen stands, now we are hurrying up the process, he says.China has recently become concerned about the diversion of agricultural land for commercial use, mainly real estate. Between 1998 and 2010, nearly 8 million hectares of farmland was converted to other uses, mainly construction, reducing the country's available arable land to 121.73 million ha. That is just above the limit that the government has placed on minimum cultivable land that the country needs to maintain for its food security \u2014 120 million hectares.Hence, the desperation in Haimen to create land from the sea. The financial model adopted for this reclamation project is like the Indian PPP \u2014 68 big companies, both domestic and foreign have put up the money for this gigantic project. \"They will get priceless land in return,\" Fei Chen says with a grin.Away from the desolate mudflats which will take up to 3 years to become ready for use, Haimen is buzzing like a beehive. Small towns and villages in the municipal limits have evolved single product specialization.Thus, Qilin makes mahogany products, Yudong makes footballs, Huolong makes stainless steel items, Libin village makes screws of all kinds, Bangbei village makes electric carbon products and Liantong village makes painting and calligraphy pieces, which earned them 10 million yuan last year. According to Jiang Long, the secretary of the municipal Party committee, these enterprises earned 71.53 billion yuan (Rs.626 billion ) last year.The biggest of these specialized centers is Dieshiqiao - the home-textile hub. There are 2,500 small and medium enterprises here making a bewildering variety of bed sheets, pillowcases, quilts, bedcovers etc, from plain cotton ones to dazzling silk products with exquisite embroidery costing upward of $6000.How did these specialized villages evolve? Taking the example of Dieshiqiao, Fei Chen says that this was a small coastal village with a group of home weavers. \"They used to make sheets and blankets on handlooms for sale in the surrounding countryside,\" he says.Since 1992, the government organized them as part of the Haimen Economic Development Zone, gave them credit and other facilities, and helped set up the International Mart where 10,000 shops under one roof sell these goods to domestic and international buyers.Average annual income is 26,000 yuan per person in urban areas and about 13,000 yuan in rural areas, says Long Jiang. \"Our municipality earned revenue of about 10.36 billion yuan last year,\" he says proudly.One of the biggest sources of revenue in the past has been leasing of land to companies . At the chicken processing plant of Tyson Foods, a US based meat processing behemoth, the operations manager is an American called Jeff. \"Our 850 workers process 60,000 chicken every day for sale to KFC and local retail,\" he reveals. Jeff says that Tyson paid $1.9 billion to Haimen municipality for a 50-year lease for the land on which the plant is located.Hence, the drive to create more land \u2014 it is the biggest money-spinner in China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "13859412", "title": "Man shoots wife on crowded street", "text": "BARASAT: A 26-year-old woman was shot from a close range by her husband on a crowded street while the victim was returning from a job hunt in Ghola on Tuesday. While Shalini Mohanto - the victim - is battling for her life at RG Kar hospital, Bikash - her husband - is nursing his wounds, which were inflicted by the bystanders when he tried to escape, at Panihati hospital.Bikash, a private firm employee, had married Shalini barely a year back, but soon the relationship turned sour as the husband started suspecting that Shalini was having an extra-marital affair. The victim had returned to her parental home in Ghola only last week after she could not bear the stress of her marital life at Bikash's house in Kalyani.On Tuesday, Shalini had gone to Barrackpore in search of a job and she was shot on her chest as soon as she stepped out of an auto. Locals said that the husband had been keeping track of her movements for the past few days.When Bikash tried to escape, the bystander caught hold of him and thrashed him severely. Finally he was handed over to police, who admitted him to Panihati hospital. Shalini was also rushed to the same hospital, but she was transferred to RG Kar as her condition worsened.Police said they were yet to get hold of the weapon that was used. They are trying to find out how Bikash managed to procure it. However, Bikash is not in a state to face police interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13863196", "title": "Kamal Haasan to direct Hollywood movie", "text": "One of Hollywood's most distinguished producers Barrie M Osborne who has produced the Lord Of The Rings series, is all set to produce a film starring and directed by Kamal Haasan.The Osborne-Kamal collaboration was initiated when Osborne watched Kamal Haasan's latest film Vishwaroop and apparently fell in love with the film. That's when Osborne proposed that Kamal Haasan do a film for him.Says a source, \"Right after the sceeening in LA earlier this month Barrie asked Kamal to find a script, direct it and star in it. Initially Kamal brushed it off. But Barrie was persistent, so much so that Kamal had to consider the offer very seriously. He has now zeroed-in on a subject which he will make for Barrie.\"The producer known for his big-budgeted Hollywood productions such as Dick Tracy, The Big Chill and Fandango (the film that apparently inspired Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara ) has liked the script suggested by Kamal Haasan. Details for the production including locations are now being worked out.Interestingly Barrie Osborne is a producer on The Great Gatsby, the new adaptation of the F. Scott Fitzgerald novel where the Big B in all his modesty, claims to have done a cameo. But Kamal Haasan who has known the Big B well when they worked in Geraftaar together, brushes off the senior actor's claim.\"His role in The Great Gatsby is certainly not small. Bachchan saab has a pivotal role. He plays the conduit between the two heroes. It may be small in terms of footage but it's a prominent part in the terms of impact, far more so than my friends Om Puri in Wolf or Anil Kapoor in Mission Impossible. \"Says Kamal Haasan, \"It's really not the right time to talk about it. But yes Osborne saw Vishwaroop and suggested we do something together. I'll talk about it after Vishwaroop is released.\"Osborne on his part, can't stop raving about Kamal Haasan and Vishwaroop. Says the Hollywood moghul, \"I love Kamal's acting, writing and directing. I loved the integrity of the film. The story is surprising and exciting. It gets you right into the movie and then keeps you off-balance.\"The Kamal-Big B-Osborne project could be the biggest Hollywood-Bollywood tie-up yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13858092", "title": "Welcome showers push mercury down 13\u00b0C", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the monsoon officially arrived in Kerala on Tuesday, far-off Delhi also cheered as rain and thundershowers briefly lashed the city. The capital, which had been reeling under a heat wave last week, saw 12mm of rainfall on Tuesday afternoon and its temperature dropped by 13 degrees in a matter of two hours. Some parts of the capital also reported hailstorm.According to Met officials, the evening temperature was actually lower than the minimum temperature recorded on Tuesday morning. \"The minimum temperature recorded at the Safdarjung observatory was 29.5 degrees Celsius while Palam recorded a minimum of 28.9 degrees Celsius. In the evening, after it had rained, the temperature came down to 26.9 degrees at Safdarjung and to 26.3 at Palam. The maximum at these places was 40.8 and 42.2 degrees respectively,\" said R K Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.After a hot morning, Delhiites experienced a dust storm around 3pm. Shortly after that, the city witnessed heavy showers for 15-20 minutes, which left the remaining day pleasant and cool. Palam recorded 11mm rain while Pusa and Lodhi Road saw 8mm and 7.2mm rain respectively.\"When the storm started, I was in R K Puram and got caught in the rain and hail storm. By the time it finished, I was completely drenched and had to go back home to change before I could return to my office,\" said Sanjay Singh, an accountant.Westerly winds at speeds of 45-50 kmph had picked up during the thunderstorm, sources reported. There were 10 complaints of trees being uprooted across the city, including areas like Aurangzeb Road, Sarojini Nagar, Connaught Place, Karam Pura, Karol Bagh and Civil Lines.The western disturbance that brought about this change in the capital's weather will continue to remain active over the Himalayan region for another couple of days. \"Even though temperatures have fallen, they are still 2-4 degrees above normal over several parts of northwest India including Punjab, Haryana and east Rajasthan. Under the influence of the western disturbance, rain and thundershowers can be expected over a couple of places in the western Himalayan region and at a few places after that. Rain and thundershowers can also be expected over one or two places in Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan,\" said a Met official.There was a possibility of thundersqualls in a couple of places in Punjab and Haryana till Thursday, the official added. Delhi is expected to have minimum and maximum temperatures of 27 degrees and 40 degrees respectively on Wednesday along with a partly cloudy sky. There is also a possibility of thundery development and light rain in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13858267", "title": "Trees may help Nag river rejuvenation", "text": "NAGPUR: National Environmental Engineering and Research Institute (NEERI) has come up with a new technology known as \"Phytorid\" Wastewater Treatment for rejuvenation of Nag river. The speciality of the technology is that the sewage will be treated without any treatment plant and water may be utilized for irrigation, watering of gardens and fountains.Director of NEERI Dr SR Wate gave a presentation to municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal on Tuesday at the NMC. With this technology, Nag river's sewage water may be treated and greenery could be developed along the river in stretches. Wate stated it could be developed on the stretch of Nag river between University library and Sangam chawl and Yashwant stadium. It also is low cost a 500 metre stretch could be developed for just Rs 3 crore.Jaiswal told TOI the proposal sounded good and was also successful in Kalina in Mumbai. \"NMC may go for it after due process. It may be extended to other parts of the Nag river if successful. NMC has taken several initiatives for rejuvenation of Nag river. I had asked NEERI to prepare a proposal for 1 km stretch rather than 500 metres,\" he said.The system is based using specific plants such as elephant grass (Pennisetum purpurem), cattails (Typha spp.), Reeds (Phragmites spp.), Cannas pp., yellow flag iris (Iris pseudocorus). These are normally found in natural wetlands and have filtration and treatment capability. Besides, some ornamental as well as flowering plants species such a Golden Dhuranda, Bamboo, Nerium, Colosia, etc could also be used for treatment as well as landscaping purposes.There are various benefits of the technology including no power requirement, low capital cost compared with standard sewage/effluent treatment systems, simple construction, and low maintenance.These could also be useful for colonies, apartments, hotels, educational institutions, railway stations, public toilets and industries. NEERI in association with PDKV has proposed a project based on the system at the nullah flowing through to Maharajbagh. The project will be inaugurated on June 8.Social organization Vanrai has shown interest in developing the project in association with NEERI on Nag river. If all goes to plan, the Nag river may be cleaned and beautified with greenery on both sides. Besides, the treated water may be utilized for various purposes.In case more treatment is needed, NMC may install sewage treatment plant too. Already, NMC has proposed to construct four small sewage treatment plants with installed capacity of 5 million litres per day (MLD) each on Nag and Pili rivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13859315", "title": "Students complain of wrong result of Class X", "text": "BHOPAL: More than 50 students of a school accompanied with their principal reached the board office premises on Tuesday to complain against the errors in the class X marksheet of the state board. They met the secretary of the board and registered their compliant.On Tuesday, students of Bharti Vidya Mandir, Panchsheel Nagar and their principal met the board secretary Kedar Sharma over the issue of wrong subject printed in the marksheets. While the students had opted for informatics practices, the subject printed in their marksheets was computer application.The secretary of the board has assured the students to take corrective actions. Besides Vidya Mandir around 250 students of four other schools including Subhash School of Excellence, Shivaji Nagar may be the victims of the same mistake.Incidentally, the district merit holders placed second and third are from Subhash Excellence School and BVM respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13857547", "title": "Drinking water biggest worry for eco-conscious residents of Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Going by a survey carried out by The Energy Resource Institute (TERI), Delhiites are highly conscious of their environment and feel that problems related to pollution have increased in the city. While tree plantation is considered to be a major step in reducing pollution, about 80% residents said that they look at energy efficiency labels on electronic goods before purchasing them.Dr Ligia Noronah, executive director, resource regulation and global security at TERI said that though this was a limited survey carried out on the internet, it worked as an indicator of how the government could shape its policies based on the mindset of the general public. Delhi and Karnataka were the two regions where residents were questioned.\"Interestingly, business and industry were the biggest respondents in the survey. What came across immediately was that Delhiites are highly aware of the environment but that awareness is through media and newspapers and not really through courses in schools and colleges. School curriculums should accordingly be invigorated to include more training in environment-related issues. Secondly, most of the respondents either use public transport or are keen to switch to it. Most Delhiites also find vehicular noise to be a major irritant,\" she said.The survey revealed that about 65% of the total respondents believed that the overall environment in Delhi had deteriorated over the years. Drinking water and its availability was the biggest concern for the people with 69% believing that water quality had worsened. Surprisingly, another 20% said that they had no direct experience with water and hence were not affected by it.\"Another area of concern was air pollution with 50.5% saying that air quality had deteriorated. Here it was surprising to note that 59% of respondents under the age of 34 thought that air quality had worsened while more than 47% of those above 35 years believed that the air quality had improved,\" said Noronah.For a city that desperately needs enhanced public transport systems, most of the respondents said they were willing to use public transport or were already doing so. However, those who said they didn't want to move to public transport cited the lack of convenient options as the main reason for their unwillingness while some also stated women's safety as a major concern.Despite the government's claim on rising green cover, almost 50% of the respondents felt that green cover in Delhi and NCR had decreased in the past decade. Only 31% felt that it had improved. They did agree that tree plantation is the most important measure to address environmental concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "13859652", "title": "Haldia civic poll: Tamalika Panda Seth, mascot of CPM\u2019s turnaround dream", "text": "HALDIA: With her tainted husband Lakshman Seth's shadow looming large over her, the outgoing chairperson of the Haldia Municipality Tamalika Panda Seth had little to fall back upon. She had lost her political clout, and even the CPM heavyweights were busy elsewhere leaving Tamalika to fend for herself. But she didn't give up. She waged the battle and finally turned out to be the mascot of the CPM's turnaround dream.With most of her comrades unable to accompany her, the 54-year-old Tamalika roamed about in her ward visiting every household, while her opponents remained confident that they would win. \"Tamalika has made us feel proud. We should learn from her grit and spirit,\" said CPM state committee member Asok Bhattacharya. In fact, Rabin Deb was the only party secretariat member to oversee the polls.A graduate from Mahishadal College in East Midnapore, Tamalika began work as a typist with a private firm. Party old timers recollect how Lakshman Seth, a promising trade union leader then in the port city met Tamalika at a political programme and married each other later. Their address was the party office in Haldia. Apart from party work, Tamalika also took interest in reading and writing poems. Her entry into electoral politics was in 1997 when she contested the election to the newly formed Haldia Municipality. Since then till 2007, she remained the chairperson of the civic body, and also won the assembly poll from Mahishadal.And as it happens, Tamalika had to bear the burden of the blame on her husband who was even dropped from the party state committee. She, however, carried with her hard work and finally won the poll because Haldia residents wanted to teach the Trinamool a lesson.On Tuesday morning, the outgoing Haldia chairperson closeted herself in her house while her comrades at the counting centres got a hunch of the imminent victory.\"I didn't expect such a victory. Like other days I was at my home (after her husband's arrest, she rented a house). My comrades informed me that we were leading,\" said Tamalika. \"People did accept the way Lakshman was framed. This is the voters' reply to the conspiracy,\" said Seth's wife whose elder son Sayantan is now married and working. Younger Sudiptan stays with his mother.\"Several senior leaders, including Biman Bose and Somnath Chatterjee , have congratulated me. Bimanda feels that the victory will inspire our comrades across Bengal,\" said Tamalika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859062", "title": "Crackdown on child labour in Hyderabad running out of steam", "text": "HYDERABAD: All the hard 'labour' seems to be just for drawing media attention. Labour department officials conduct 'raids', book cases against people employing minors and even extract money from employers for child rehabilitation. However, they have not been able to get even a single conviction since 2007.In 2011, labour department officials had rescued 47 child workers and booked 10 cases against employers as per the Labour Act. Also, they collected Rs 1.20 lakh towards child labour rehabilitation-cum-welfare fund.\"We collect Rs 20,000 from each employer for engaging children in violation of the Labour Act. The amount will be deposited in the name of the child and used for his/her rehabilitation,\" deputy commissioner of Labour-II, Hyderabad, M Ashok told TOI.Till May 31 this year, 11 children were rescued and just one case was booked against an employer. \"We could not get a single conviction since 2007,\" the official said. Labour officials have been facing a new problem, information deficiency. \"Of late, the information/complaints we have been getting on child labour have turned out to be false,\" he added.\"We used to conduct raids on apartments/individual houses to rescue and rehabilitate domestic helps based on information provided by non-governmental organizations (NGOs). They are our only source of information. Though we have taken up several campaigns, we are not receiving info from people,\" the labour official said. Though labour officials have been conducting raids on business establishments like eateries and automobile workshops in the Old City, they have not been able to rescue child workers due to a variety of reasons.\"Now, we have launched a fresh drive. As part of it, stickers carrying messages like 'Let us say no to child labour' have been pasted on business establishment.We hope locals will at least alert us now as contact numbers have been incorporated in the stickers,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860294", "title": "Corporation councillor attacked by auto driver", "text": "KOCHI: A Corporation councillor, Antony Kureethara, and his brother were attacked by an auto rickshaw driver on Tuesday when they questioned the manner in which he was driving his vehicle. Both of them who suffered injuries in the attack were admitted to the Fort Kochi Taluk Hospital. Harbour police have registered a case against the auto driver, Munna of Fort Kochi, in connection with the incident.According to Antony Kureethara, the auto driver attacked them when they objected to the rash and negligent manner in which he was driving his vehicle.He and his brother were travelling in their car to Fort Kochi from Ernakulam.When they were near Thoppumpady, the auto driver in front of the car failed to give them way. They then sounded the horn.Following this, the irate auto driver stopped his vehicle, got down from it and attacked them. He hit Antony's brother on the head with a rod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13858710", "title": "4 die as rain lashes Krishna district", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Heavy rains accompanied by strong gales in Krishna district on Tuesday took toll on four daily wagers. Four workers, including two girls, were killed at Telladevarapalle village of Vissannapet mandal when a makeshift shelter under which they were working collapsed on them in a mango nursery following heavy rain and gales.With the shelter erected with bamboo sticks collapsing under the influence of strong winds, the victims died on the spot. At least 20 others were injured as nearly 10 tents erected for daily workers were blown away.The victims were identified as Vakam Victoria , 35, her daughter Sujatha 8, Kancharla Sujatha, 36, and her daughter Akhila,12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860378", "title": "Women activists protest shifting of Vanitha Cell to Tripunithura", "text": "KOCHI: The plan to shift the women or vanitha cell from Kochi city to Tripunithura from June 8 has surprised women activists who believe that this would prove to be a great discouragement for women in distress, as their access to the cell will be limited.\"The women who approach the cell are emotionally and physically strained and expecting them to go all the way to a cell in Tripunithura to lodge a complaint would be an added burden. This shift will prove to be a great discouragement for women in distress, who prefer accessible places to file complaints,\" said Human Rights Law Network national director Sandhya Raju.Circle inspector N Philomina confirmed, \"We will be shifting the office to Tripunithura once the building is inaugurated there on June 8.\" She said that they are at present operating from the police quarters as no space has been allotted to set up a full- fledged office within the city.Raju added that the authorities should strike a comfortable balance by considering to continue with the cell in Kochi and starting an additional cell in Tripunithura.Besides emphasizing on the need to have easy approachability to the women or vanitha cell, Cultural Academy for Peace chairperson Beena Sebastian said that emphasis should also be on providing proper infrastructure at the cell.\"The facilities in the cell are inadequate. Though counselling is an important aspect here, there is no privacy to conduct counselling as the victims and perpetrators are placed at one place due to lack of space and adequate infrastructure. They are short staffed and their working is further affected as many posted here are often asked to do other policing duties,\" added Sebastian.In 2009, the cell received 921 complaints. The number of complaints dropped to 853 in 2010 and 867 in 2011.Till May 2012, a total of 317 complaints have been received by the cell. They look into the grievances of women, particularly, harassment against women, neglect, desertion, not recognizing her rights, and even family discords. IGP (Ernakulam range) K Padmakumar said, \"I will definitely look into this. I will discuss the matter with the commissioner and see what can be done.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "13858790", "title": "Ooty Lake awaits de-silting", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Tamil Nadu tourism minister S Gokula Indira's promise of a facelift for the boat house has once again rekindled the hope of having the century old Ooty Lake de-silted. Addressing the valedictory function of the summer festival in Ooty recently, she said the boat house and surrounding areas would be developed soon.The lake is one of the major tourist attractions in the hill station but its depth has been reduced due to sedimentation and inadequate maintenance. In 1991, the government had engaged two Danish agencies to inspect the lake and suggest measures to rescue it from any permanent damage. The expertsfound that the presence of micro-algae, commonly known as water hyacinth, was the major reason for depletion of oxygen level.Though the agency had cautioned the government about the urgency of reclaiming the lake, nothing much was done on this front. In 2002, after dilly-dallying for many years, a Thane-based expert group, Aireff Detox Incineration Ltd, sponsored by the state government and union ministry of environment and forests along with AMB, a France-based water body expert company, was given the task of restoring the lake. Their effort yielded some desired results. But no follow up work was done. Again in 2007, after a gap of five years, the Hill Area Development Project took up the task of restoring the lake. In 2009 water hyacinth was removed from the lake. However, de-silting hasn't been done in the past.In recent years, the district administration has been working towards reclaiming the lake. \". PWD officials have been asked to prepare the estimation for the same and work is underway,\" said the Nilgiris collector, Archana Patnaik.According to officials\"a special proposal is being prepared seeking financial assistance from the government,\" said the collector. The administration is also looking into various possibilities of disposing off the silt after removal. As the quantity of silt is very huge, removing the silt will incur huge expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13860148", "title": "Newborn found abandoned in bus", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A newborn was found abandoned inside a KSRTC bus here on Tuesday morning. Later in the day, police traced the mother to a private hospital in Thellakom. The married woman had abandoned the infant as it was illegitimate, police said.The drama unfurled around 7.30am after the Kumily-Kottayam bus arrived at the stand here. The newborn was found among the baggage of passengers in between the seats reserved for ladies. There were also traces of blood on the platform of the bus. Bus driver Babu and conductor Biju took the baby in the same bus to the government district hospital after informing police.The hospital superintendent said the baby had been delivered just some time back. Doctors in the paediatric department who examined the child said he was normal. \"The baby boy is healthy and weighs 3.17 kg,\" said hospital RMO. The hospital superintendent said the child welfare committee has been informed of the incident. Police searched all private and district hospitals in the town for the baby's mother. A mobile phone found abandoned in the bus proved crucial to the probe.Finally, a few hours after the incident, the mother was located at a private hospital.The 22-year-old woman from Enthayar, near Mundakkayam was on her way to the hospital along with her mother and her in-laws. She had come here for treatment for a 'swelling' in her stomach. Her husband is in the Gulf and the couple has a child. Police said if the woman was not willing to take the baby with her, a court would have to decide on its future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13861042", "title": "Legislative council polls: I will work, or will quit, says Cong candidate M Lakshmana", "text": "MYSORE: Congress candidate for legislative council polls from the South Teachers' constituency, M Lakshmana, on Tuesday said he will quit his membership from the Upper House in case he fails to keep his election promises.An activist, who has taken up several public issues, Lakshmana set himself a six-month deadline. \"Being a teacher, I know the problems faced by the teaching community. I've a 10-point programme to address their problems on priority. In case I'm elected, I'll strive to implement 50% of them. If I fail, I'll quit within six months,\" he said. Two key points among them are a policy for teachers' welfare and a promotion policy. \"I'm no professional politician, and don't intend to be. If I don't perform and stand up to the expectations of teachers, I should quit,\" he said, participating in meet-the-press hosted by Mysore District Journalists' Association with the candidates of Congress, JD(S) and BJP. His opponents -- MLC Marithibbegowda from JD(S) and BJP's S M Gurunanjaiah -- neither contested it nor said anything about his claims.Trying his luck in the electoral politics for third time - earlier, he had contested unsuccessfully to assembly and the council from the South Graduates' segment -- Lakshmana said he has told the electorate during canvassing that he will put in his papers if he doesn't deliver. According to him, he has met 21,000 voters.The candidates admitted that politicking has kicked in and efforts are on to corrupt the teachers. But they chose to blame other candidates for the mess. Gurunanjaiah, who is contesting for the third time, was straight forward: \"In the name of electioneering, the voters are extended liquor and non-vegetarian food. This is wrong.\" However, Marithibbegowda, who is seeking reelection for the third time, said teachers don't seek goodies and he has not hosted parties for them.All the three admitted that present political situation will have an impact on the elections, but contended it is nothing new. \"Confusion is normal in political circles. It should not affect my prospects,\" the BJP candidate said. The MLC took exception to primary education minister Visveshwara Hegde Kageri's interaction with the management of private education institutions, saying it is akin to influencing the voters.NAMESAKE CONFUSION Congress candidate M Lakshmana is a worried man. An Independent candidate, Lakshmana (the namesake), has got him anxious. It is accused that MLC Marithibbegowda has fielded the candidate to confuse the voters.It is said that the Independent candidate is a JD(S) leader. But the BLP said he doesn't know either the candidate or his political background. There were efforts to field another Marithibbegowda, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859411", "title": "Congress leaders slam lack of management in UPA-II", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress Working Committee echoed what is resented but not talked about for long - lack of political management in UPA-II.While venting against rising prices, Congress leaders were critical of how the government was failing to manage unpopular decisions. \"The political decisions are to be addressed politically. The lack of such approach is reflecting in governance,\" Kerala party chief Ramesh Chennithala reportedly said in his offensive against the Centre.The plaint was a recurring theme at Monday's marathon meeting, with speakers citing how the recent petrol price had been mishandled.Chennithala asked how the fuel hike could be announced in the middle of Neyyattinkara by-poll in Kerala and the partial rollback after the polling ended at 5pm on Saturday. The complaint appeared to question if the hike was aimed to dent Congress electorally.Gujarat legislature party leader Shaktisinh Gohil said the decision on rollback after BJP's nationwide strike was ill-conceived as the credit went to rivals. \"It marks lack of political management,\" he reportedly said. Bengal chief Pradeep Bhattacharya too was critical.These instances were cited to show that government was tripping in the political handling of sensitive issues. The grievance from states was not isolated as even AICC sources have criticized the timing of the hike a day after UPA's third anniversary celebration, which virtually killed the bid to generate feel-good by releasing a \"report card to people\".While Congressmen have long felt the political vacuum in the government, the gap appears to be hurting in economic downturn when even minor slip-ups are provoking people.\"There is a gap between the government and the party, and disconnect with people, which is hurting,\" a leader said.Congressmen have been wary of an \"apolitical PM\" after Congress came to power in 2004 but the structure of dual responsibility, with Sonia Gandhi handling political management, took care of concerns. The Left Front was a key filter for unpopular decisions, while NAC's 'aam aadmi' agenda preempted any lunge for potentially unpopular schemes.But UPA-II, ironically led by stronger Congress, has left the party ranks feeling the drift. A senior leader lamented at the CWC, \"UPA-I had political management, but it is lacking in UPA-II.\"The concern in Congress has been compounded by the prospect of a busy political season after a poor show in assembly polls, especially with inflation appearing to influence the ballot. While prices were volatile even in UPA-I, they did not appear to influence the elections, with 2009 Lok Sabha success sealing the debate.But now, Congressmen claim negative results in Punjab and Uttar Pradesh, and bare survival in Uttarkhand, could as much be attributed to prices as to corruption. As a leader told the CWC, \"There is still time to rectify the situation. If we can, there can be a UPA-III.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13858307", "title": "Health official rules out encephalitis deaths", "text": "PATNA: The state health department, on Tuesday, has denied any death this year due to encephalitis or Japanese Encephalitis (JE), either in Gaya or Muzaffarpur, but admitted that 20 children have died during the past fortnight in different hospitals of the state.The deaths occurred due to some 'mysterious disease', and not encephalitis or JE, said principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha. \"Not a single case of encephalitis has been detected this year so far, either in Gaya or Muzaffarpur. The cause of death of the children is yet to be ascertained,\" he said.Sinha, in fact, claimed, \"Not even a single case of JE has been detected in Muzaffarpur in the last 15 years. Even in Gaya, where JE cases had earlier been reported, it was a post-monsoon phenomenon, and not during this time of the season when monsoon is yet to hit the state.\"Altogether 11 children, out of 42 admitted to different hospitals in Muzaffarpur, have died so far while in Gaya, nine deaths due to mysterious diseases have been reported till date, Sinha said, adding a new research has linked the deaths of children to excessive heat. \"We are studying the cases from this angle also,\" he said.However, to evade any eventuality, the state government has geared itself up to check the disease, Sinha said. A paediatric ICU has been opened at Sri Krishna Medical College Hospital (SKMCH), Muzaffarpur, and Anugrah Narain Magadh Medical College Hospital (ANMMCH), Gaya, to cope with unforeseen circumstances. Along with this, the department has undertaken mass immunization programme along with DDT and malathion spray in the affected areas, he added.This 'mysterious disease' hits north and central Bihar areas of Muzaffarpur and Gaya every year, but the government is yet to find out the exact reason behind the deaths of so many children. In 2011, 89 children had died due of this 'mysterious disease'. The disease killed 46 children in Gaya in 2009, 49 in 2008 and 29 in 2007.Last year in Gaya, experts had said the cases were related to the JE. Health secretary Sanjay Kumar had earlier said around 15 children had died due to JE and the rest due to encephalitis in 2011. With regard to Muzaffarpur, it was not sure whether it was JE or encephalitis or some other disease. Even a team from Union health ministry and WHO had visited the affected areas last year but failed to ascertain the kind of disease. However, the team had come to the conclusion that the cases were that of encephalitis though the team members could not identify the exact virus causing the disease. The children died so far had high fever followed by convulsion.Meanwhile, Sinha left for Muzaffarpur on Tuesday to assess the situation. He will next visit Gaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13860848", "title": "Girls who topped exams want to be bureaucrats", "text": "KANPUR: For Deepika Agarwal, who scored 93.4% marks, sky is the limit. This young and dynamic girl wants to pursue her graduation from Delhi University and aims to join administrative services.Her father Shree Krishna Agarwal, a retired State Bank official, was proud of his daughter. Sharing his happiness, he said that phone calls couldn't stop ringing at his residence after the declaration of results.\"Earlier, my children used to say that we are proud of you papa but from now I will say that I am proud of you all my kids. My two children are already well-settled but Deepika has held my head high in the society and I have no words to express that,\" he said.\"I was determined to get through Board exams with good score and now I am looking forward to try my luck for administrative services,\" said Deepika with his new-found fame.She said that she is not at all a part of the turtle race for IITs and her goal is IAS.The girl, whose study mantra has been the morning study rather than the late night one, said that self-study can do miracles even at last moments. \"It is all because of the blessings of my parents that I have got the reward for my efforts. But I always want to be devoted and hard working like my father,\" she concluded.Overwhelmed about clinching the top position in city among girls, Ankita Singh Chauhan with 92.4 per cent was agog. This proud daughter of a mathematics teacher managed 97 marks in mathematics. She wants to go for administrative jobs.\"Until Tuesday morning, I was very tensed about the result. But all went very well for me,\" she laughed. Her success mantra is simple. \"Pay attention in the class and revise whatever has been taught,\" she said.The success story of the confident Khyati Singh is no less. Forming a 'V' (victory sign) with her friends after the declaration of results, this talented girl said that her only aim is to be an IAS officer and nothing less.The girl clinched the fourth position in her school and stood fourth city topper amongst girls as well by bagging 91.4% marks. This meritorious student, with flamboyance in her attitude, said that success doesn't need the tag of merit but the determination and devotion to achieve the goal. This proud daughter of a technical officer in Indian Institute of Pulses Research Omkarnath Singh seemed to be fully focused and confident for her goal to become an IAS officer.\"Had it not been the support of my teachers and my principal, I would have never have been able to fulfil the dream of my family,\" added Khyati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859702", "title": "Partyman died in \u2018torture\u2019 detention, alleges BJP", "text": "KOLKATA: The BJP has alleged that one of its workers died while being detained in \"inhumane conditions\" in the Lalbazar police HQ lock-up.Calling it \"torture\", the BJP on Tuesday said that 90 party workers, who were arrested during the May 31 bandh, were stuffed into a lock-up meant to hold barely 50 people. They were also allegedly denied water in spite of the killer heat wave sweeping through the state.A delegation of state BJP leaders called on home secretary Basudeb Banerjee on Tuesday to inform of him of the circumstances that led to party worker Rambrij Choudhary's death on June 1, the day after the nationwide bandh to protest the sharp hike in petrol prices.Senior party leader Tathagata Roy said the 68-year-old worker died after being denied repeated water in the cramped cell despite appeals to the policemen.The Lalbazar lock-up is a stone's throw from the site of the alleged Black Hole tragedy. In 1756, Nawad Siraj-ud-Daulah's troops are accused to have imprisoned 146 British soldiers in a tiny cell, leading to the death of 123 of them. The figures have been disputed by historians and even the incident put to question.Roy said that his partymen were held in terrible conditions. \"It was no less than a torture chamber. On that hot and stifling day, only 25 litres of drinking water and two fans were provided to the 90 men packed into a cell meant to hold a maximum of 50 persons. They were denied additional water despite repeated appeals,\" Roy said.They were detained till 8.10 pm and many suffered dehydration. Choudhary fell ill and was admitted to Shambhu Nath Pandit Hospital where he died on the afternoon of June 1, Roy said.The former president of state BJP said they had also brought the case to the notice of the state Human Rights Commission . \"This, and the way they were arrested despite organizing a peaceful meet, shows a vindictive attitude of the government, which we have not seen in all these years,\" Roy said.He added that 29 workers were slapped with non-bailable charges, and two district presidents are still lodged in Presidency Jail. \"When Rahul Sinha went to meet them at Presidency Jail, he was not allowed despite a written application to the superintendent. This reflects the vindictive attitude of the government,\" Roy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13858842", "title": "On ally hunt, Congress indulges Samajwadi Party", "text": "NEW DELHI: If a 2009 by-election ensured the defeat of Dimple Yadav and sent the relations between Congress and Samajwadi Party (SP) hurtling down, another such contest is being seen to resurrect the ties.Congress has decided against fielding candidate against wife of UP CM Akhilesh Yadav , Dimple, who on Tuesday filed the nomination from Kannauj Lok Sabha seat vacated by her husband.The decision to keep out of the by-poll is driven by Congress's need for allies in upcoming presidential election as well as its desire to keep the UP outfit on its side in view of a volatile Trinamool Congress whose pinpricks have begun to impede policymaking for UPA-II. Congress leader Digvijay Singh, who as general secretary in-charge of UP bitterly opposed an alliance with SP, acknowledged the change in party's stance: \"Political equations have changed from 2009 to 2012.\"The process for Presidential polls resumed on Tuesday when Congress supremo Sonia Gandhi met RLD chief Ajit Singh for discussions. The meeting concluded the consultations within the UPA and the second round of talks are likely to see outside supporters like SP, BSP, RJD and LJP visiting 10, Janpath. A decision on Congress's presidential candidate is likely next week.But the big story from the presidential poll is the bridging of gap between the SP and the Congress.The Congress decision to give Dimple a walkover in Kannauj may not mean much in real terms since the party lacks the muscle to make much difference in the Yadav stronghold, a challenge complicated by the fresh groundswell in favour of SP. Still, the move marks a signal that Congress has finally reconciled to playing a marginal role on SP turf, especially till the next round of mega contest in 2014.The Kannauj decision was quickly seen as a confidence building measure between the parties, whose heir apparents crossed swords with ferocity till as recent as March.The growing bonhomie marks a dramatic change since 2009 when Congress, flush from its triumph in Lok Sabha, surprised Dimple and Akhilesh by fielding cine-star Raj Babbar in Ferozabad LS by-poll. Rahul Gandhi personally campaigned for Babbar, resulting in major setback for SP.After Akhilesh recently swept UP, Congress and Samajwadis felt the need to bury the hatchet in mutual interests. SP is hoping for central help in ensuring smooth governance in UP, especially by way of funds. The partnership has been swift with SP losing no time after UP results to rescue Congress in the just-concluded budget session in Parliament.Besides the President's election, Congress also sees the possibility of Samajwadis playing the buffer in Lok Sabha if Mamata Banerjee's hostility to the Centre persists. The Bengal outfit has been opposing key policy proposals and even raised the red flag to diplomatic initiatives with Bangladesh to push Congress to look for a possible alternative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13860309", "title": "Monument to people\u2019s power", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The powerful National Monument Authority (NMA) in Delhi had selected Sarkhej Roza and Dwarka \u2014 among 13 Indian sites \u2014 as models for developing special bylaws because each of these monuments has a water body defining its existence. History shows that water bodies have always been a sustaining force for settlements ; so such monuments have traditionally exemplified 'living heritage' .Moreover, these monuments are situated in areas throbbing with rapid development. In the initial phase, experts will formulate laws for the Roza. In light of the new Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment ) Act, 2010, the NMA recognized that no quality or valueadded development was taking place around these monuments because of certain restrictions. The imposition of a 100 metre prohibited area and another 200 metre regulated area around these monuments was putting communities near these structures in conflict with the monuments.\"The idea of the new bylaws is to ensure that conservation of the monument involves people,\" said permanent member of the NMA Meera Das. \"The purpose is not to alter the integrity and historicity of the monument but is an attempt to consider each monument in its present context and the level of development around it. We have identified 13 such contexts in the country.\"Each protected monument like the Roza is rooted in particular cultural mores that make it a vibrant place in itself, Das said. \"The new laws have to integrate the monument in current development context; only then will you see people's participation ,\" she said. The new set of development bylaws will be discussed in a special committee that will have members from the disaster management service, tourism department, and community leaders. The committee will formulate the bylaws keeping in mind t h e need to strengthen cultural bonds, revitalize local economy and create a viable community space.Das said that the NMA had prepared a template consisting of its own set of guidelines. \"INTACH will prepare a set of bylaws that respect the ideals of the NMA template,\" she said. \"Current development, matters relating to the improvement of the area, a detailed bibliography of all that is being said, written and scientifically studied about the Roza will be a part of the elaborate document,\" she said.The competent authority for NMA and state archaeology department director Y S Rawat told TOI, \"The basic objective of the exercise is to devise a comprehensive heritage management plan for the area for realistic development that does not destroy the historicity of the monument.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13859967", "title": "Chandigarh toppers eye Delhi University colleges", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Aiming to grab a seat in the country's top colleges affiliated to Delhi University (DU), a host of city toppers, who scored well in Class XII (commerce) board exams, are applying for their dream institutes.With DU beginning its common admission process from June 4, students can also fill forms online for all colleges.\"Although the cut-off for the best colleges is 95-96%, I am applying for Lady Shri Ram (LSR) College for Women, Hindu College and Shri Ram College of Commerce. I will also keep the other options open and apply for Chandigarh colleges,\" says Shreya Oberoi, who scored 93.2% in Class XII commerce stream.Available on a payment of Rs 100 at www.du.ac.in, students can submit the form online too without attaching any extra documents.\"On top of my preference are Hindu College, Hans Raj College and LSR... I know it is not easy to get a seat in these institutes because of the cut-throat competition,\" says Sadgi Bhatia, who scored 95.4% in Class XII.Nishatha Vats, another city student who scored 93.4% in Class XII, says, \"I want to join a DU college as it will offer better opportunities and greater exposure in my stream.\" \"I have been keeping a tab on the admission process. Even last year, I was following their cut-offs. I want to take admission in the country's best commerce college, though I will apply for a few other colleges as well,\" says Mehak Bansal, who scored 95.8% in Class XII.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13858124", "title": "Quarrelling with wife costs goon dear", "text": "NAGPUR: An externed goon turned unlucky after he picked up a fight with wife last week at his Deepak Nagar home. Arif Khan, externed from Nagpur district, was carrying on his criminal activities despite the externment order in the same area until his fight with wife exposed him to the police.Sources said deputy commissioner of police of Zone II Ambadas Pote had externed Khan, a hardcore burglar and thief, in February. When Khan was supposed to be away from city, he was allegedly engaged in robbing and stealing.Cops nabbed him at his residence when he was fighting with brother-in-law over sending his wife to her parents' place. Constables Hemant Googhle, Hemant Gotmare and others brought him to Gittikhadan police station for breaching the externment order.Cops learnt that Khan had robbed a woman and her friend at knifepoint near deer park taking two mobile phones and Rs 750 cash from the couple. Police have recovered the two phones from him now. Khan had stolen 19 iron bars from an open space at Zingabai Takli. Police have recovered four bars from Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13860177", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation may start std VIII classes in Urdu and English medium schools", "text": "PUNE: The PCMC has proposed to introduce standard VIII classes at the English and Urdu-medium schools run by the civic body. Currently, these schools have classes up to standard VII. Now, students can hope to continue their studies in the same school instead of looking for a new one.For the past several years, students of English and Urdu medium schools run by the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation have been facing problems as they have classes only up to standard seven. However, from this year onwards, the students can hope to continue their studies in municipal schools as the municipal school board is planning to start classes of standard eight.Officials of the municipal school board and mayor Mohini Lande have submitted a proposal to the civic administration for the same.Lande said students who pass out from these schools face difficulties in obtaining admissions for Std VIII in private schools. Many of them are forced to discontinue their education. The primary education department has the infrastructure, such as classrooms, as well as qualified teachers for introducing standard eight classes.Every year, over 400 Urdu-medium and about 60 English-medium students complete standard seven.The municipal corporation has a secondary education department which runs classes from standard eight onwards for Marathi and Hindi-mediums. The department also runs classes from standard eight onwards for Urdu-medium students. However, only 200 students can be given admission for standard eight for Urdu-medium in the school located in Akurdi. The department does not run any English-medium school.Vishnu Jadhav, education officer of the secondary education department, PCMC, said Urdu-medium students, who find it convenient to go to the school in Akurdi take admission for standard eight there. There are five private Urdu-medium schools which are located in various parts of the city. Parents of these students send their children to the schools that are near their homes.Asked why the civic body cannot start classes for these students, Jadhav said it's a policy decision which would have to be taken by the corporation. Former chairman of the PCMC primary school board Bhaijan Kazi said he had sent a proposal two years back to the state education department for starting standard eight classes for English and Urdu-medium students.\"Students of poor families study in the municipal schools. Therefore, they cannot afford to join private schools for Std VIII and many drop out,\" he said. Balasaheb Ovhal, administration officer, municipal school board, PCMC, said parents of English and Urdu-medium students have been demanding that the civic body start classes from standard eight.\"The state education department has issued a resolution which states that the local self-government bodies, such as municipal corporations and councils, army welfare groups, can start secondary schools having classes for standard eight to twelve if they are run through their own income and the state government does not have to bear any financial burden for it,\" Ovhal said.Officials of the PCMC's secondary education department said the civic body is not willing to start secondary schools for Urdu and English-mediums because if the total number of secondary schools exceeds 20 in a municipal corporation, the state government appoints its official as education officer to head the department. If this happens, the municipal officials in the education department would not be able to head the secondary education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13862585", "title": "Ranvir Sena chief's murder: Nitish Kumar recommends CBI probe", "text": "PATNA: Bowing to opposition demands, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on Wednesday recommended a CBI probe into the killing of Ranvir Sena supremo Bramheshwar Singh.A decision to this effect was taken during a meeting Kumar had with top state police officials and home department officials at his residence on Wednesday morning.State director general of police Abhayanand and principal secretary of home department Aamir Subhani also attended the meeting.\"The chief minister has decided to hand over the murder case to CBI during the meeting\", an official spokesman said.RJD supremo Lalu Prasad, LJP president Ram Vilash Paswan and Bihar Congress had demanded a CBI inquiry to probe the killing.The Ranvir Sena chief was shot dead by gunmen while he was taking a stroll near his house in Khopira village in Bhojpur district on last Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859042", "title": "Rescued pilgrims to arrive today", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 65 Christian pilgrims from the state who have been stranded in Cairo for the past few days due to the negligence of a city-based travel agency, will reach the city on Wednesday. The group reached New Delhi by flight on Tuesday morning and were reportedly provided temporary accommodation at the quarters of Union petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy.Francis Xavier , owner of Asset Holy Land Tours and Travels, the firm which duped the pilgrims, is still on the run and police are on the look out for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13861134", "title": "Mumbai weather: Clogged arteries to slow monsoon travel in the city", "text": "MUMBAI: The rains haven't arrived yet, but many Mumbaikars are already making alternative travel plans. These have nothing to do with fleeing the city and its monsoon woes, but rather deal with ploughing through daily traffic to reach office and home.Andheri resident Akhil Samant knows that several construction projects lie unfinished along city roads. Come the rains and motorists using these will face worse monsoon woes than usual. As it is, the MMRDA projects\u2014metro, monorail, elevated roads etc\u2014 have reduced the widths of roads and debris lies strewn. Water logging will increase headaches in the monsoon.Samant is plotting alternate routes on a combination of internal and main roads to avoid arterial roads hosting construction works. Instead of travelling to Saki Naka via the Andheri-Ghatkopar road, where the Metro rail is coming up, Samant is trying roads via Aarey colony, Marol and Chandivli. \"Because of these incomplete projects, I have been doing this before the past two to three monsoons,\" he said.Several key arterial roads, measuring a total of around 60 km, are under siege because of major infrastructure projects that have been delayed by at least a year. While the metro rail has occupied the Versova-Andheri-Ghatkpar route, involving the JP and Andheri-Ghatkopar roads, the monorail goes over several roads from Jacob Circle to Chem bur. Similarly, Eastern Freeway stretches, from Princess Dock to Anik, Anik to Panjrapol near R K studios and from Panjarpol to the Mankhurd-Ghatkopar link road, have a lot of construction activity. Also affected is a 2km stretch from Western Express Highway (WEH) to the airport and a 4km stretch of the Santa Cruz-Chembur Link Road.\"Many of these stretches, especially some of the crucial eastwest corridors, are a nightmare for commuters even during summer and winter,\" said Amit Shetty, a Chembur resident. \"Driving on these stretches during the monsoon could be disastrous.\"Shetty, a professional driver, said he would prefer avoiding the metro route and going through JVLR, though it is longer. On the Eastern Freeway, one could take PD'Mello Road instead of MbPT Road to reach Sion. \"To avoid the monorail stretch, the RCF Colony road connected to the Acres Club road can be taken from inside Chembur and then from Sion either one can take P D'Mello or N M Joshi Marg depending on the destination,\" Shetty said.To avoid Milan Subway, where work is also on, one can take Phadke Road, Hanuman Road or Khar Subway to reach either the Western Express Highway or SV Road. To avoid the Chembur stretch of EEH, a motorist can take S G Barve Road, MG Road or LBS Road.MMRDA spokesperson Dilip Kawathkar said work to clean stormwater drains, barricade construction sites and lift debris is almost complete on these stretches. \"Within the next two days we expect to complete this work on roads between Andheri bridge and Navrang theatre, between D N Nagar and Four Bungalows,\" he said. He added that the de-silting of the Mithi River is complete.The MMRDA has set up a round-the-clock control room with helplines 2659-1241, 2659-4176 and 80807-05051Tuesday drizzle: After a hot and muggy day on Tuesday, a few areas of the city got some respite when a light drizzle fell in areas of Borivli, Malad, Bandra, Khar, Mulund, Kalyan, Ghatkopar, Dharavi and Currey Road .Seven roadblocks 1 Project: Eastern Freeway road with elevated and tunnel sections | Route affected: Princess Dock to Ghatkopar-Mankhurd rd, via PD'Mello Rd to Wadala, Anik, Chembur and Panjarpol | Length: 20 km 2 Project: Monorail | Route affected: From Jacob Circle to Chembur via Wadala (including R C Marg in Chembur, Sion-Koliwada road, Wadala-Anik road, G D Ambekar Road, Acharya Donde Marg and N M Joshi Marg towards Jacob Circle) | Length: 20 km 3 Project: Metro rail | Route affected: From D N Nagar (Versova) to Ghatkopar station, via J P Road, Andheri station, Andheri (East) and Saki Naka | Length: 12 km 4 Project: Sahar elevated road | Route affected: From Hanuman Nagar on Western Express Highway to Sahar international airport | Length: 2 km 5 Project: Flyover connecting SV Road and WEH over the Milan Subway | Route affected: Milan Subway from SV Road to Western Express Highway | Length: 1 km 6 Project: Elevated Santa Cruz-Chembur Link Road from Kalina Road, Kurla (W) to Amar Mahal on Eastern Express Highway | Areas affected: Eastern Express Highway near Amar Mahal, LBS Marg, Kalina Road and Kurla station Road | Length: 2 to 3 km (elevated road is 4 km) 7 Project: Road Under Bridge at Suman Nagar junction | Areas affected: Suman Nagar junction, where Eastern Express Highway and Sion-Panvel highway meet | Length: Less than 200", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860159", "title": "Movie-a-week move irks film world", "text": "KOCHI: Just a movie a week. This is not the title of a new release but a decision by the Film Distributors' Association aimed at ensuring proportionate screen time for all Malayalam movies produced in a year.Predictably, producers and cinema owners have registered their protest against the decision, maintaining that the move will affect about 50 movies on the anvil.The distributors' association wants to restrict the number of film releases to 70 a year. \"We don't have enough cinemas to screen all movies for a justifiable period. Recently many good films had to be pulled out of theatres due to simultaneous releases,\" said Jose C Mundadan, president, Film Distributors' Association.\"By restricting the number of releases to one movie a week, we can ensure that the film is given adequate screen life to reach out to audiences. Our decision would only help the industry,\" he said. The association, however, has decided to release up to three films during festivals, Mundadan clarified.But the move has created panic among producers. \"Six months into the year, we've finished canning 60 film. Another 50 projects are in various stages of production. The distributors' decision is sure to hit these projects,\" said Sandip Senan, a film producer.\"All recent Malayalam films have done well at the box office. The distributors' decision comes at a time when we were planning to demand construction of more theatres,\" he added.The Kerala Film Exhibitors Federation is also against the decision. \"We will not abide by their decision. We've the freedom to release as many films as we want,\" said Liberty Basheer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13862260", "title": "Lenovo launches ultrabooks, All-in-one PCs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aiming to enhance users' computing experience, computer chip-maker Intel launched its third generation of Core processors, which would process information faster and offer better security features, while consuming lesser power.The new chips will also enable computer manufacturers like HP , Asus , HCL Infosystems and Toshiba bring out slimmer devices, especially 'Ultrabooks' in to the market.\"The next wave of Ultrabook devices, powered by the third generation Intel Core processors are more responsive and offer enhanced security in a choice of designs,\" Intel South Asia Managing Director, Sales &amp; Marketing Group, Debjani Ghosh told reporters here.Meanwhile, Lenovo India launched IdeaPad U310, U410 Ultrabook and IdeaCentre A720 all-in-one (AIO) PCs based on the new processors, vendors like India's HCL Infosystems will launch it soon in the coming days.Intel said the Ultrabook devices based on the new processors be priced Rs 50,000 onwards, but prices would vary depending on the different specifications of devices.Currently priced between Rs 55,000 and Rs 1 lakh, the new ultrabooks are expected to have added features like increased durability, touchscreen and additional sensors.\"We aim to get the prices down to more mass level till the year-end as we expects volume economics will kick in by then. Plus, competition between the vendors would also influence the prices,\" Ghosh said.Ultrabooks, compared to laptops, are not only slimmer and more stylish, but they are also more responsive, protected and mobile. They offer increased media and graphics performance and a long battery life, she added.According to analysts, ultrabooks is the next growth category in notebooks segment. Various reports suggest that ultrabooks could contribute more than 40 per cent of notebooks sales globally by 2015 from a mere 2 per cent in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13860938", "title": "Jittery China trains guns on US over its naval strategy", "text": "BEIJING: US defence secretary Leon Panetta's statement that the Pentagon will raise its naval forces so that 60% of its battleships are placed in the Asia-Pacific by 2020 has sent alarm bells ringing through Beijing, with a foreign office spokesman describing it as \"untimely\" .In his speech to the Shangri-La Dialogue, a Asia security summit in Singapore, Panetta had said, \"By 2020, the navy will re-posture its forces from today's roughly 50/50% split between the Pacific and the Atlantic to about a 60/40 split between those oceans.That will include six aircraft carriers, a majority of our cruisers, destroyers, littoral combat ships, and submarines.\"In response, Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Liu Weimin told reporters, \"All parties should make efforts to safeguard and promote peace, stability and development in the Asia Pacific. The practice of strengthening military deployment and alliances to give prominence to a military and security agenda is untimely.\"The People's Daily, the voice of the government, said the move was aimed at containing China. \"The US verbally denies it is containing China's rise, but while establishing a new security array across the Asia-Pacific , it has invariably made China its target,\" it said.\"Opinion across the Asia-Pacific generally does not believe that the United States' strategy of returning to the Asia-Pacific is not aimed at China; it's there plain for all to see,\" the Daily said.China's apprehension about Washington's moves, which will encourage its maritime rivals like the Philippines and Vietnam in the South China Sea dispute, is obvious. At the same time this sense of distrust towards the US might prove to be in India's advantage as China tries to woo New Delhi away from Washington.Krishna arrived in Beijing Tuesday evening for the twoday meeting of Shanghai Cooperation Organization, seen by many western experts as a powerful political and military platform aimed at countering US influence in international affairs. Russia, China and central Asian countries are full members while India and Pakistan have observer status in SCO.Beijing is now convinced India cannot be easily manipulated because \"New Delhi is driven by its self-interest\". This is why Krishna's visit to Beijing and the forthcoming visit by Indian naval ships assume significance.\"However, it cannot be deemed as collaboration of the US and India. India has been pursuing independent foreign policy and mainly considers its own interests,\" the People's Daily said in another article a few days back. \"It's hard to imagine that India will completely follow the foreign policies of the United States,\" it said.Pak claim of contributing to Xingjian's growth falls flatPakistan's claim of playing a key role in developing China's Muslim-dominated Xingjian province as an international gateway has now proved to be a sham. Pakistan contributed less than 2% of Xingjian's cross-border trade with neighbours worth $22.8 billion in 2011, a senior Chinese official said on Tuesday. Xingjian shares borders with Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, besides a host of central Asian nations and Russia. Beijing's assertion comes on the eve of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization meet where Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari will pitch for full membership status citing Islamabad's contribution to development of the restive Xingjian province. Pakistan currently enjoys observer status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13858965", "title": "Income tax sleuths seize 1.3crore from car", "text": "HYDERABAD: Income tax (I-T) sleuths on Tuesday evening intercepted a car at Malakpet and seized Rs 1.3 crore cash. Four persons were taken into custody following that.Acting on a specific alert, a team of I-T officials, assisted by Task Force sleuths, intercepted a Maruti Zen (AP 28 AJ 1616) at Saleem Nagar Colony, on Tuesday. There were four persons in the car, including its owner B Kanakaiah, when it was intercepted and the I-T sleuths seized Rs 1.3 crore cash from their possession.After the seizure, I-T officials took the four persons into custody for questioning. Based on preliminary information, sources said the cash belongs to a group dealing with hawala transactions. However, I-T officials refused to comment on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13858065", "title": "Traffic along Metro route to be hassle-free", "text": "NOIDA: DMRC officials and the Noida Authority CEO met on Tuesday to plan hassle-free traffic movement along the two proposed lines between Kalindi Kunj-Botanical Garden and Sector 32-Sector 62 (NH-24). A presentation was made by Rites highlighting the traffic movement plan. The officials also discussed modifying the Metro route alignments.Rites, the traffic and infrastructure consultant, is working out a roadmap for the Metro corridor keeping traffic movement leading up to the NH-24 free. \"The idea is to decongest the T-junction and keep traffic moving freely along the proposed Metro route,\" said Noida Authority CEO, Sanjeev Saran.\"We have asked the consultant to study the traffic along the two lines after conducting detailed surveys,\" said AK Goel, senior project engineer, Noida. \"Also, inspections will be carried out to ensure that Ganga water and gas pipelines, telephone cables and high tension power transmission lines are not in the way of the Metro alignment,\" Goel added.The chief project engineer of Noida has also been directed to review all proposed infrastructure projects and suggest amendments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13860998", "title": "Tarun Gogoi wants Central Food Technological Research Institute unit in Assam", "text": "MYSORE: Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi is planning to get a unit of the Central Food Technological Research Institute (CFTRI) in the northeastern state to extend shelflife of agricultural produce and boost the economy of the insurgency-affected state.He revealed his plans during a recent two-hour visit to the premier institute here. The CM held discussions about the transfer of technology developed by the scientists at CFTRI to help generate employment back home. Between 1993 and 1995, when he was Union minister of food processing, he had visited the site and planned to set up a CFTRI unit in Assam. Now he is reviving the concept aimed at extending the benefits of technologies developed at the institute.\"I have plans to set up its unit in the northeast. I will put pressure on the Congress-led UPA government in this regard,\" the Congress leader told reporters.Pointing out that the Indian economy is largely dependent on agriculture, Gogoi said lack of facilities to store the agricultural produce is leading to loss. In case the technologies developed at the R&D; institute are transferred to the northeastern state, it will generate employment and add value to the produce, he said. Gogoi said he is now focusing on to improve economy and employment generation in Assam.The CM was informed about the latest developments in the food sector, and technologies developed at the CFTRI. He took a look at the dosa- and idli-making machines there. CFTRI acting director G Venkateswara Rao was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13858843", "title": "Have an idea to develop Coimbatore, join City Technical Advisory Group", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city corporation has invited applications from residents to join the City Technical Advisory Group, a technical committee that provides valuable inputs to the civic body in implementing various developmental works and projects.The application forms can be obtained from the group's coordinator's office, which is also the office for the IC Centre for Governance, anchor NGO for JNNURM projects, in the main corporation office complex. So far, 40 applicants have approached the civic body and have expressed their interest in joining the group.\"It is a very good initiative for the city residents to assist the elected council representatives and officials of the corporation in the execution of the development projects,\" said P Vijayakumar, a jeweller, who came to collect application on Tuesday.The applicants are basically required to affix their passport size photograph along with personal details. An undertaking has to be given that the individual is not affiliated to any political party or outfit to ensure that the technical advisory group remains a non-partial group. The professional expertise and personal awards and honours received are also to be mentioned in the form. The filled-in applications should be submitted within 10 days but a final date has not been fixed yet.\"We generally ask the public to collect the application form and return it after filling it at the earliest,\" said S Baskar, coordinator, City Technical Advisory Group.At present, there are 30 members on the advisory council, but 10 of them were removed from the membership since they were not actively participating in the meetings of the group.The new members for advisory group will be selected after consultation with the corporation commissioner, the mayor and senior members of the group. The normal tenure of the group is two years but extensions could be given after consulting with local officials of the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13859433", "title": "Judges set example, remove dark films from cars", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has become the first high court in the country to follow the recent Supreme Court order banning black sun control films for cars. A decision to remove dark films from the cars of 53 judges was taken by the court's vehicle committee headed by Justice D Murugesan and it has since been approved by the high court.\"We have asked the local Toyota car dealer to send people to remove the films from our Toyota Altis cars on Wednesday,\" said an official.Explaining the rationale behind the move, a senior judicial officer told The Times of India that judicial officers hearing cases relating to implementation of the ban on sun control films did not want to be accused of adopting double standards.\"We do not need any special treatment in the matter. Though it will cause some minor inconvenience to us, we wanted to set an example for other citizens to follow. The apex court's ban on sun control films has strong security and safety reasons. We believe our decision will bring moral pressure on others to follow suit and voluntarily remove dark films,\" he said. Another judicial officer said: \"We are already living in a glass house, as we are under constant public attention. Now we will travel in glass cars. At times when you happen to pass through known areas and people, we may feel delicate. We may have to be careful about what we read on the move, too.\"In its recent judgment, the Supreme Court banned the use of sun control films of all shades and colours in cars. Henceforth, cars could use only tinted glasses that come along with the vehicle, it said. While the visibility cannot be below 70 per cent on side glasses, it can be up to 50 per cent in front and rear glasses. Though the apex court has said VIPs in specific cases could be exempted from the requirement, it has not defined the term VIP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13859616", "title": "Online sparrow survey scores major hits from Pune", "text": "PUNE: An online survey to document the population and distribution of sparrows nationwide has drawn thousands of contributions.Maharashtra has been a major contributor of information for the survey called 'Citizen Sparrow' () with Pune, Nagpur and Mumbai contributing the highest number of observations and information about sparrows, followed by Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.The survey has received 9,056 contributions from 5,236 people at 7,262 locations, so far. Citizens with past or present information about house sparrows can participate. Several nature and conservation organisations across the country have joined the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) for documentation, funded by the ministry of environment and forests.So far, more than 1,750 records have been contributed from Maharashtra, more than 1,220 from Tamil Nadu and over 1,150 from Karnataka. A person can contribute multiple records of sparrows and places. The project started on April 1.The house sparrow is among the most widely-distributed birds in the world, but its numbers in many places have declined in several decades. K Karthik, researcher for Citizen Sparrow, in BNHS told TOI that Maharashtra's showing reflected people's involvement in large numbers. \"A majority of the records contributed are from Nagpur, Pune and Mumbai,'' he said.For people from rural areas to participate in the survey, citizens can take a printout of the questionnaire and interview them. \"There are people who will not have access to computers or do not know how to use one. The questionnaire is translated into Marathi, English, Bengali, Gujarati, Kannada, Malayalam and Tamil. This way, we can reach rural places in different localities and gather information. One can submit the information to 'www.citizensparrow.in. We will translate it and add the inputs,'' he said.Karthik said that many people are not aware that the survey was not just about sparrow's presence. \"We also need data about the absence of sparrows. Citizens can share details of places where sparrows were not spotted,\" he added.Pune-based Kalpavriksh and Chiplun-based NGO Maharashtra Pakshi Mitra are helping other organisations in this national survey. The initial plan for this project was to involve people and seek information from them. After the data is received, this project is expected to have details on areas were sparrows are still present, whether there has been a decline or rise in population, or it has remained stable. At present, there is no robust estimated population or distribution for sparrows,'' he added.The deadline for receiving information for the survey has been extended to June 15, 2012. Participants in the survey can mark locations on a map and give simple information about their sparrow sightings from those locations, including sightings from past years or even decades.How to chip in* Divulge details on presence as well as absence of sparrows* Take a print out of the questionnaire and interview people in rural places, to facilitate people from rural areas to participate in the survey* The deadline for receiving information for this survey has been extended to June 15, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13859503", "title": "Labourer killed as portion of temple collapses, contractor held", "text": "JAIPUR: One person was killed when an under-construction portion of Dehlaj Balaji temple on the outskirts of the city collapsed and fell on labourers working on the site. Two others sustained serious injuries.The incident took place at 11.00 am at the Hanuman temple in Pratap Nagar area where there was already a rush of worshippers since morning. While the labourers were working, a portion around the foundation stone collapsed. At least 12 labourers including some women got trapped under the debris.Other devotees soon swung into action and started a rescue operation.Nearly 30 minutes after the accident, a local team of civil defence, police and sub divisional magistrate, Sanganer, rushed to the spot with two JCB machines. Three seriously injured were rushed to the SMS hospital where one of the injured, identified as Radheysham (25), succumbed to his injuries.\"An iron rod stuck into his neck and ruptured the wind pipe which led to his death,\" said a doctor at the SMS mortuary.The labourers, hailing from Syopur in Madhya Pradesh , were staying in Pratap Nagar area for couple of years. Two seriously injured labourers were identified as Ram Lakhan (30) and Pramod (18).Assistant commissioner of police, Sanganer, Rajesh Kumar Meel, said: \"Actually, the contractor and members of temple committee believed that they should keep the idol of Lord Hanuman situated in the middle of 500 sq metre area intact and construct the temple around it. Thus, when the labourers at a depth of 10 feet were digging the foundation stone, the pillar=sized portion on which idol was placed, collapsed and fell down on the labourers.\"The police have registered a case under Section 304 of IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) against contractor Puran Mal Kumawat. \"He has been arrested immediately after the incident,\" Kumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13860024", "title": "Delhi University: Number of disabled applicants up this year", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University seems to be getting a better response from differently-abled aspirants this year. At least 71 students with special needs have already registered for admission in DU colleges over last two days. A DU official said they were excited about the increasing number of such applicants. They assured that all possible facilities were being provided to them.\"The initial response of students is definitely better than last year. We registered 31 students on Monday and 40 on the day after. Many of them have performed really well in the class XII exams. A candidate \u2014 Alka \u2014 has notched up 95% aggregate. She has a locomotor disability but topped in the special category in the city,\" said Bipin Tiwari, deputy dean, differently-abled students.DU reserves 3% seats over and above a total 54,000 seats for the differently-abled. However, only less than half of the total reserved seats get filled every year. \"We had finally admitted about 600 students against 1620 seats,\" Tiwari said.Among those, who have registered so far, 46 are visually-impaired. \"We have trained our volunteers to help them fill up their choices for courses and colleges. Though BA was the most sought-after till a few years back, these students are now going for sociology and geography with political science being one of their favourites,\" he said.Most of them, however, wanted North Campus colleges, he added. \"We advised them that they should opt for a college, which is closer to their residence as commuting can be a problem,\" he said. DU is also running two special buses on the North Campus for such students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13859186", "title": "Tiger carcass found from Sehore village", "text": "BHOPAL: Carcass of a tiger, possibly the one that frequented the outskirts of the state in the past few months, was found from the neighbouring Sehore district some 40 kms from here on Tuesday. The tiger was electrocuted and its body was chopped into two pieces.This happened, despite the nation-wide alert sounded by National Tiger Conservation Authority's (NTCA) that the poachers might kill tigers. The killing of the tiger has come as an egg on the face on the forest department top brass here.\"We have been shaken by the incident. It is definitely our failure,\" principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) P K Shukla told TOI.\"We have rounded up two persons and four more would be detained\", he said. \"The tiger was electrocuted near a well in a village at Kathotia area of Veerpur range in Sehore district\", PCCF said.Seeking to downplay the incident, he said the electric trap was laid for some small animal but the tiger fell into it. He said the animal's body parts were intact.The poachers tried to take away the animal after poaching it but as it was heavy they couldn't. They even cut it into two pieces in a bid to carry it but possibly after getting the wind off some danger left it behind, people feel.The big cat was killed some three-four days back, much to the surprise of the forest department officials who had claimed that they were keeping a watch on this now dead tiger. This tiger had forayed into National Judicial Academy near here on February one. Like this now dead tiger, a tigress too has strayed into the on the outskirt of the city, and given birth to cubs few weeks back.These animals had possibly strayed into the city outskirts come from the Ratapani Wildlife Sanctuary in Raisen.It is believed that the wild cat has run short of space in Ratapani given that the tiger population has shot up to 16 in and around this sanctuary according to the last year census, from 9 as per the big cat counts of 2006.A month ago, the NTCA had sounded high alert across the country asking the forest departments' officials categorically to be vigilant saying some local poachers, especially from MP's Katni district had been given advance by a big gang to kill tigers for body parts which fetch huge money in the international market. Also, a week ago the NTCA had asked the forest department, across the country, to treat every big cat death as a case of poaching - unless proven otherwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13859815", "title": "Reduction of security irks Rajasthan and Gujarat's ex-governor", "text": "JAIPUR: Former governor of Rajasthan and Gujarat Anshuman Singh was irked after the police commissionerate on Tuesday withdrew five armed guards deployed for his security. Police however, said that the security has merely been reduced as per his entitlement as a round-the-clock personal security officer (PSO) has been given to him.He addressed a press conference on Tuesday after receiving a letter from the commissionerate officials stating that five armed policemen from his security have been withdrawn. Singh said, \"During my stint as chief justice of Rajasthan, I had given several decisions which can still prove a threat to my life. I am ill and quite upset after the police commissionerate officials sent me a letter stating my security is being withdrawn.\"\"I am 76 and a cancer patient. In my case the Rajasthan High Court had authorized the state cabinet to decide if I should have accommodation, electricity, water and other facilities. Police can't decide on my security when it is not a cabinet decision,\" Singh said.B L Soni, police commissioner, defending the decision, said, \"A state security committee on regular basis reviews the security of the VIPs and VVIPs in the state. The committee after a review has asked the deputy commissioner of police (headquarters) to provide him a round-the-clock personal security officer (PSO). On its recommendations we have withdrawn four armed guards but his PSO will be there as per the committee's review.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13859794", "title": "16-year-old girl died accidentally, school not negligent", "text": "PUNE: The Lonavla rural police on Tuesday said investigations in the case of Shibani Sen (16) of Thane, who drowned in the swimming pool of the Cathedral Vidya School at Lonavla has revealed that the school was not negligent as they had taken all possible measures to save her life. Shibani drowned in the pool after her leg got trapped in the suction drain on Sunday evening.Speaking to TOI, inspector Mohan Jadhav said an inspection of the pool has revealed that after Shibani jumped into the pool, her leg got trapped after hitting the suction drain.Jadhav said, \"The school is not negligent as four people, including two life guards, jumped in the pool and fished out Shibani. The school gave her medical treatment as she was grasping for breath. She was rushed to a hospital at Lonavla.\" She was proclaimed dead by the doctors on arrival.\"I have inspected the pool and have recorded statements of eight witnesses. Shibani's death is accidental as the incident took place in the presence of several people,\" Jadhav said.Shibani's father Subrato, who also inspected the pool and visited the Lonavla rural police station, told TOI that the parents did not file any complaints of negligence against the school. \"I'm convinced that my daughter's death was accidental. My daughter was an expert swimmer and I am unlucky that she is not there with us,\" Subrato said.Meera Sain, principal of the school, said, \"Shibani's parents were given information about the measures taken to save her life. They have expressed faith in the school and they have not blamed us for any negligence.\"Shibani, a tenth standard student of the school had been staying at the school's hostel for the last one year. She and other girls from the hostel were in the pool till 6 pm when the pool instructor Anjana Naidu told them to stop swimming.However, Shibani and one of her friends sought five more minutes from Naidu and jumped back into the pool. The friend swam for a while and came out of the pool, unaware that Shibani had drowned. When Naidu later realised that Shibani was missing, she and others jumped into the police and pulled her out.The police have registered a complaint of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13860351", "title": "TOI round-table had plotted revival", "text": "AHMEDABAD: No monument can be seen in isolation of the community it is set in. This is the premise on which almost two years ago, on October 30, an influential cross-section of society had converged at the Times of India's 'Round-table for Sarkhej Roza' . The agenda was revival of the monument and surrounding areas and evolving strategies to involve community members in conservation efforts. The roundtable was preceded by a two-month long intensive campaign by TOI campaign addressing key issues that were strangling the monument.The round-table included officers from the municipal corporation, Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), urban planners, developers, social workers and heritage lovers who discussed ways to revitalize the area. A lot had been done after this meeting where immediate concerns of rapid development around Sarkhej Roza, the dry tank, encroachment issues and value addition to the existing monument and its surrounding area were discussed.In the round-table , the then Ahmedabad municipal commissioner and present principal secretary urban development, IP Gautam, had pointed towards the rapidly developing real estate around the monument. Members of the Sarkhej Roza Committee (SRC) headed by Abrar Ali Syed listed their concerns, including filling up the empty tank - the soul of the complex - and having encroachments around the complex removed. They also wanted well-lit and broad approach roads to the Roza. Many felt that once the tank got water and the area is landscaped, people from across the city would find their way to the Roza.\"Sarkhej Roza is a classic example of a monument which is located in an area which has started witnessing massive development. The by-laws will help devise a comprehensive heritage management plan, which will be a model for the entire country. It is very important that monuments are seen in the context of the community and not in conflict with people living around it,\" says director of the Centre For Heritage Management, Ahmedabad Univers i t y, Debashish Nayak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13859520", "title": "Farmer's son is topper among boys", "text": "LUCKNOW: Talent cannot bridge a gap between the rich and poor. This was proved by Ashutosh Singh who topped among the boy's in the UP board class XII exams. Securing 94.2%, Ashutosh could hardly believe his success. \"When I came to know about the results, I did not know how to react,\" he said.A native of Unnao, Ashutosh studied at SKD Academy Inter College, Rajajipuram. To save the living expenses, he used to commute everyday to Lucknow from Unnao. \"It is a moment to celebrate. After I came to know Ashutosh's results, I immediately closed down my shop and rushed for Lucknow,\" said Indraveer Singh, Ashutosh's father who has a shop that sells spare parts for tractors. For extra income, Indraveer does farming.With a meagre income of Rs 80,000 per year, it was a challenge for Indraveer to educate his sons. His elder son who finished class XII last year wants to be an engineer and is preparing for competitive examinations. Like his brother, Ashutosh aspires to become a software engineer. \"I want to develop a software which will help in dealing cyber crime and hacking,\" said Ashutosh. And his father is ready to do everything to accomplish his son's dreams. \"I will have to take loan for his engineering education but will never back out,\" said Indraveer.Rita Pandey, a teacher who has seen Ashutosh from a close range said, \"He is not a bookworm. He is always interested in doing something new. A very humble, hardworking and dedicated boy surely deserves to be a topper.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860397", "title": "Kerala govt to act tough on private tourist boats", "text": "KOCHI: Transport minister Aryadan Mohammed has instructed the state water transport department to ensure that private tourist boats do not operate inside the same berthing space. The instruction was given on Tuesday morning, during the minister's visit to the terminus.Earlier, SWTD officials had submitted to the minister a detailed report on issues like sharing of common berthing space creating near-collision between boats at the spot. After studying it , the minister ordered that private parties should be prevented from operating in the same location and asked the local administration to draw up an amicable solution within the next two weeks. Mohammed also instructed the district administration to improve the utilities at the terminus.\"SWTD has been asked to take charge of the cleanliness of the terminal. The minister said that a pay-and-park facility for the benefit of local passengers and tourists should be set up. The place will soon have a high mast light, as the transport minister has asked mayor Tony Chammany to provide electricity connection and light immediately,\" an SWTD official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13859356", "title": "Madhya Pradesh all set to observe Venus Transit", "text": "BHOPAL: The state is all set to observe Venus Transit today. Arrangements have been made in Bhopal, Indore and all the other districts of the state to help people view the rare astronomical phenomenon. Madhya Pradesh Council of Science and Technology (MPCST) has made special arrangements at Mahatma Gandhi BHEL College and Chinar Park to watch the century's transit of Venus planet.Children Science Centre, Indore, has made special arrangements for watching of the rare astronomical phenomenon of Venus Transit. It has installed free solar filters at 18 places in the city. The event can also be watched live on a big screen between 5.40 am and 10.22 am at Press Information Bureau office. There will be an arrangement for telescope photography and video shooting at Space Organization, 305, Sai Kripa Colony near Bombay Hospital, Indore, said an official spokesman. Some of the other places where the event can be watched safely in Indore include CB Girls High School, Mhow, and Al Hira Public School, added the spokesman.The space observatory of physics department at IPS Academy, Indore, will also show the event live from 6.30 am till it gets over. They will show it through the largest telescope of the central India.M L Sharma, director, Institute of Science and Laboratory Education at IPS Academy, said the department of physics at the institute is arranging to display it on a large screen with the help of LCD projectors in the institute's campus at Rajendra Nagar.Breakthrough Science Society has also selected three places for organizing the live show of the event including Nehru Park, Nehru Stadium and Lalbagh.This upcoming transit of Venus will be the last of the 21st century. The brightest planet Venus starts leaving the evening sky to enter the morning sky anytime in the first week of June staging one of the rarest astronomical phenomena: a transit of Venus across the sun's face. The last transit of Venus seen from Earth was June 8, 2004. Transits of Venus are very rare that repeat every 243 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860213", "title": "Cusat departmental admission test on June 26", "text": "KOCHI: The departmental admission test for PhD and MPhil courses of the department of marine biology, microbiology and biochemistry at Cusat will be held on June 26.The test for PhD will be from 10.30am to 12noon and for MPhil will be from 2pm to 3.30pm.Those who haven't received hall tickets can contact: 0484-2368120/2863215.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13855145", "title": "UP Board class XII results: An impressive 89.4% clear the exams", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The UP Board intermediate results this year are beyond expectations with an overall pass percentage of 89.4. Last year the overall pass percentage was 80.14.Once again, girls have surpassed boys with an overall pass percentage of 95.52 against 84.73 of the latter, a difference of 10.79%.This year, 26,07,575 students appeared in the intermediate examinations - 14,77,679 boys and 11,29,896 girls. Of these, 21,98,980 appeared as regular candidates while 163051 appeared as private, said director, secondary education, Basudeo Yadav while announcing the results on Tuesday.Abhilasha Yagya Saini and Apoorva Verma of Rani Laxmi Bai Memorial Inter College, Barabanki, have topped the overall merit list of candidates with 96.2% marks, followed by Ashutosh Singh of SKDA Inter College, Rajajipuram, Lucknow with 94.2% marks.Yadav said district-wise Bhadohi recorded the highest overall pass percentage of 96.12 while Mathura stood lowest in the table with 67.05%.He added that after eight years the overall pass percentage has registered such a steep rise. It was in 2004, when the overall pass percentage was 89.5% against 70.51% in 2003.UP Board intermediate exams were held from March 16 to April 20 at 9,182 centres across the state. The evaluation of answer books was done between April 26 and May 10 at 103 centres.Out of 440 jail inmates who appeared in the intermediate examinations, 401 have been declared successful. The overall pass percentage of jail inmates recorded a healthy 87.53%.Besides the overall pass percentage of boys this year has increased by 14.2% while that of girls has risen by 4.76%.The intermediate examinees appeared in two papers of both Hindi and mathematics instead of three till last year. There were additional 847 exam centres this year.To check copying, UP Board had distributed numbered answer sheets in every district while paper seal was used to seal the bundle of answer books.Director, secondary education, Basudeo Yadav said that in accordance with the recommendations of National Education Policy of introducing Common Course Curriculum, UP Board has decided to adopt a common course curriculum in physics, chemistry, biology and mathemtics from 2012-13 academic session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13859258", "title": "Student stir against soaring college fees", "text": "NASHIK: Starting June 6, volunteers of Chhatrabharati, Nashik, a student organization, will be demonstrating in front of colleges where admissions for degree courses have begun, to protest against the high college fees. Their first protest on June 6 will be at V N Naik College, near Dongre Vasatigruha from 10am to 11.30am.\"We will be protesting against the improper manner and illegal way in which colleges demand fees and donation, particularly from backward classes, economically backward students and the handicapped ,\" said Arun Donde a member of Chhatrabharati.He said that Chhatrabharati demands that educational institutes provide good education to poor students. The organization will hold demonstrations in front of HPT, RYK, BYK, KTHM, Bytco (Nashik Road), Bhatia College (Devlali), NDMVPS' Wagh Guruji college, MVP college (Sinnar), V N Naik college (Dindori) and MVP college (Niphad).\"It is a district wide protest and we will be protesting in front of well-known colleges. We have requested various government offices to send one official from their department of theirs to interact with us. We have requested departments like Social Welfare, Tribal Welfare, Department of Education for Secondary and Higher Secondary Education and Pune Univers-ity's regional branch of Nashik to interact with us,\" said Donde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13859612", "title": "Monsoon to arrive in state only by July 1", "text": "JAIPUR: As the south-west monsoon entered Kerala on Tuesday after a delay of four days, the Jaipur Met office, too, is expecting a delay in its arrival in Rajasthan. According to the weatherman, monsoon is expected to hit the state by July 1 and will engulf the state capital by July 5 onwards.The officials said the monsoon this year is likely to enter the state from the western districts adding that it will progress towards western Rajasthan from July 1. \"It will reach Jodhpur by July 2 and at Bikaner, Sriganganagar, Hanumangarh and Churu by July 8. It will hit the eastern and southern parts of the state by July 10.\"The Met on Monday said the monsoon usually gets delayed by a week as it gets stuck in Maharashtra and Gujarat before making its way into Rajasthan. Quoting the 2011 figures, the Met said that monsoon showers lashed Kerala on June 1 but got stuck in Maharastra and Gujarat and had arrived here only on June 28.On the ongoing spell of rains, the Met office said that the ongoing pattern of upper air cyclonic circulation and moisture can't be associated with monsoon but these factors will certainly act as a catalyst for arrival of the monsoon here.\"The ongoing spell of scattered rain in eastern and southern parts of the state can't be called pre-monsoon showers but they certainly are an indication of timely monsoon in the state,\" said an officer with the Jaipur Met office.In Rajasthan, the sowing of kharif crops like rice, pulses and oilseeds starts with the arrival of the first showers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13860235", "title": "Environment Day", "text": "Tree plantation at SGPGITo mark the World Environment Day, a tree plantation ceremony was held at SGPGI. About 25 saplings of Maulshree trees were planted at the lawns of SGPGI's administrative block. SGPGI director Prof RK Sharma started the ceremony by planting a sapling and tying a rakhi on it, pledging to protect the trees. Faculty members, officers, and staff also planted saplings. Prof Sharma said, \"Keeping the environment clean, green and pollution free has always been the prerogative of SGPGI, hence a green belt was laid out in the institute. It is the duty of all of us to not only plant trees in abundance but to take care of them and protect them.\"Green Pledge campaignOn World Environment Day, The Times of India and GAIL India Ltd organised a Green Pledge Signature Campaign to spread awareness on turning our city greener and cleaner. Four graffitti boards were put up at Hazratganj on which people wrote their suggestions for a better environment. Some jute bags were distributed as symbol of the Go Green theme. More than 2000 people took part in the signature campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858712", "title": "Together, Pre University education &amp; coaching can cost a bomb", "text": "BANGALORE: A CBSE school on Bannerghatta Road has a tie-up with a prominent coaching centre for a package covering IIT-JEE, AIEEE and the class XII board exam. Your child will have to clear an entrance exam, all right; but, more importantly, you will need Rs 4 lakh. The coaching centre will charge you Rs 2.8 lakh and the school Rs 1.25 lakh for two years. An MBBS merit seat will cost you less than half of that.If your child needs admission in the science stream in Bangalore after class X, not only do you need sky-high marks but also a deep pocket. Not for PU education, but for the entrance coaching that invariably goes with it.The department of PU education has this year warned colleges of de-recognition if they do not follow the fee structure. According to the rules, the maximum fee that an unaided college can charge is Rs 1,569 plus tuition fee plus capital expenditure fee. The latter should not exceed the tuition fee. But PU colleges still charge up to Rs 60,000 a year.The department has also asked colleges not to charge extra for entrance coaching - a warning that has been conveniently ignored. The integrated PU colleges, where both PU education and entrance coaching are available, continue to thrive, laughing all the way to the bank.A college in VV Puram that has collaborated with a coaching centre charges Rs 55,000 a year just for the coaching. An integrated coaching centre with branches across the country has fixed the fee at Rs 1 lakh plus a donation of Rs 25,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13859331", "title": "Missionary schools to decide fate of students under Right to Education by June 20", "text": "BHOPAL: Amidst confusion over the fate of reimbursements for admissions to underprivileged children under the Right to Education (RTE) Act, the schools run by Christian missionaries in the city would take a final decision before June 20, the beginning of new academic session.While some say that these children may have to pay their fee later as the government would not reimburse it post the Supreme Court ruling, others say that it is too early to jump into a decision on the matter.Before the beginning of the summer vacation in April this year, Sister Reji, principal of Carmel Convent at BHEL, had said that the school had only published the names of the underprivileged children in January and did not admit them. \"We may decide to continue with their admissions scheduled for this academic year on humanitarian grounds,\" she told the TOI.Fr Anand Muttungal, spokesperson of MP Isai Mahasangh, said, \"It is too early to say what would be done in the subsequent years. There is still a lot of time to decide on the matter. The children may be asked to produce an income certificate.\"He said, \"The apex body, 'the Bishop's Conference,' would take a final call on what should be followed in all the convent schools.\"He also said that the apex court ruling on the minority institutions is vague. \"While the Supreme Court is clear that the students admitted before the court's verdict must not be affected, it is not very clear what should be done in matters related to the fees of the children. A review petition needs to be filed because the ruling was made by a three-member Bench. But the 11-member Bench earlier had stated otherwise,\" he said.Sister Lily, principal of St Joseph's Convent, said that the minority institutions were already giving a lot of concessions to the poor children. \"However, the children may have to pay the fees later as the government would not reimburse the amount.\"She also said that the school had not taken the reimbursement amount meant for the underprivileged children from the government. \"It is our contribution to the children,\" she said.She also said that a meeting was likely to be held before the schools reopen this month. \"The finer details need to be worked out. We will discuss the issues and reach at a consensus by the end of the month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13859933", "title": "Fuel outlet 'fills' water in vehicle tanks", "text": "IMPHAL: A fuel outlet in Jiribam subdivision of Manipur bordering Assam allegedly filled water in the tanks of some diesel-run vehicles, causing engine breakdowns along the highway.On Sunday, some drivers claimed that they found water inside the tanks of their vehicles, which they had filled from the fuel outlet at Babupara in Jiribam. The vehicles, including passenger buses and goods trucks, had hardly traversed a few kilometers from the outlet towards Imphal along National Highway 53 when their engines broke down, sources said. Later, the standstill vehicles were hauled up to a nearby motor workshop where the mechanics found water inside the oil tanks, the source added. Unable to reach their destination, the passengers were forced to spend the night at a nearby hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13860804", "title": "Akshaya e-centres make life easy in Kerala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Abstract terms like `empowering citizens' and `bridging digital divide' might sound odd to many, especially when it's used in a rural context, but the obscurity surrounding these terms are diminishing at a steady pace in Kerala. And credit for that goes to 2,000-odd Akshaya e-centres spread across Kerala.Launched as an ambitious programme to provide computer education to at least one member in all families in the state, especially in the rural parts, Askhaya e-literacy centres have transformed themselves into effective centres that help the public to avail a multitude of government as well as private services under one roof.For instance, if residents want to submit a ration card application or want to apply for a certificate from a village office, they can avail the services of a string of government departments without being present at these offices physically. They can send applications and easily receive digitally signed certificates through the nearest Akshaya centre. In addition, they can use it to make online payments for several utility services like telephone, water and power, and even book railway tickets.Currently, every panchayat in the state has at least two Akshaya centres. The task undertaken by these young private entrepreneurs on behalf of their fellow citizens range from e-filing of tax returns, computer training programme of international standards, UID registration, and even finding skilled labourers for construction or maintenance work from the local Akshaya database. The centres are also affiliated to Indira Gandhi National Open University ( IGNOU) and work as its distant arm.Having started off in 2002 as an e-literacy movement in Malappuram, one of the most backward districts in the state, Akshaya had undergone a tremendous transition in the last 10 years. From basic IT education and training in internet, the programme turned out to be one of the most successful models for effective proactive citizen service centres in India.\"Apart from several national and international recognitions, the Union government has recently sought our consultancy service for implementing similar common service centres in other parts of the country. As part of this, we have already set up a consultancy centre in Lakshadweep ,\" says Korath Mathew, director of the Akshaya project.Now Akshaya enjoys the distinction of having highest accuracy and quality in UID registration (92 per cent) in the country. The Intel IT training programme offered through Akshaya centres has trained over one lakh students. Even comprehensive health insurance scheme registrations and renewals are done through Akshaya centres. Since the entrepreneurs are from the community, people find it easy to communicate with them. The entrepreneur charges a small fee for the service that he offers to the citizen.The important aspect of the project was that it never extended or promised unconditional government support to the entrepreneurs who set up an Akshaya Centre. Though there were some hiccups in the post e-literacy period, Kerala State IT Mission could make effective interventions and helped the Akshaya centres by making provisions to offer a good number of citizen centric government services through Akshaya centres. This has literally salvaged the project and instilled confidence in thousands of Akshaya entrepreneurs.In 2007 Akshaya moved into phase two of the project rendering new G2C (Government to Citizen) and Business to Consumer (B2C) services. Now Akshaya has to its credit over Rs 200 crore worth transactions across the state.\"Attrition rate of Akshaya entrepreneurs is barely five per cent. Most of entrepreneurs who set up the centres by investing three lakh rupees are now generating a revenue of minimum Rs 20,000 a month,\" says Mathew.It was a rare fete when Akhaya registered 15 lakh families in 45 days in the comprehensive health insurance scheme run by Health Insurance Agency of Kerala (CHIAK). The scale of this achievement is evident when compared to some other reputed firms that took up this task: they could initially register only 20 lakh families in one year. This shows the reach and network the Akshaya programme could establish in the state over the past decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13858040", "title": "Chorbahuli tigress had three cubs?", "text": "NAGPUR: Giving a new twist to the dead tiger cub case in Chorbahuli, a tigress with two cubs have been snapped in camera traps laid by the staff of Mansinghdeo Wildlife Sanctuary.According to official sources, pictures of a tigress with two cubs have been recorded in camera traps at 4.45am on Tuesday.\"Pictures of a tigress and two cubs have indeed been recorded but we will not jump to any conclusion unless we ascertain the links,\" said A K Saxena, additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) for wildlife, Nagpur, East.Saxena added, \"It is too early to say anything. We will have to establish it is the mother of the same cub that died.\"On May 31, a four-month-old tiger cub was found in a semi-unconscious state near compartment number 270 on a private land.The same cub was recorded with another one in camera traps on April 30 during the tiger estimation exercise in Chorbahuli range.The tigress was feared to have been poached as the mother never leaves behind young cubs. From May 1, entire area was scanned.For the past three days, field staff saw fresh pugmarks in the forest area on both sides of the highway. It is possible that the tigress might be searching for its lost cub on the right side of the road while travelling towards Seoni from Nagpur.However, pictures of two cubs with a tigress on Tuesday in the same area where two cubs were recorded previously may prove the poaching theory wrong.Does it mean that the Chorbahuli tigress had three cubs, of which one had died? If proved scientifically, this would be perhaps the first case where mother of an abandoned cub was found alive. In the past, where cubs were found abandoned, mothers have never been traced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13858484", "title": "Convict facing death sentence dies of Aids", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Janeshwar Paswan (72), a convict facing death sentence, died of Aids. Paswan was lodged in the Daltonganj central jail. He was sentenced to death in May by a local court here in a murder case.He was rushed to Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences, Ranchi on Tuesday where he was declared brought dead. Principal district and sessions j udge V K Sahay confirmed Paswan's death due to Aids. \"The jail authorities informed me that he died because of HIV/Aids,\" said Sahay. tnnThree accused were sentenced to death in May along with two other convicts in a murder case of 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13858009", "title": "23 injured as feeder, RTV buses overturn", "text": "NEW DELHI: At least 23 people were injured when two public transport vehicles overturned on Tuesday. The two accidents occurred within a span of 12 hours.The first accident took place in west Delhi's Sultanpuri area after the driver of a Metro feeder bus lost control of the vehicle. Seven people were injured. \"We received a call around 10.30pm and rushed to the spot. The victims were taken to Sanjay Gandhi Hospital where they were discharged after treatment. Two people, who suffered major injuries, are now out of danger. A case under appropriate sections of IPC has been registered,\" said a senior police officer. Passengers told cops that as soon as the bus hit a divider, the driver lost control. He is on the run.In the second accident, at least 16 people suffered injuries after an RTV bus overturned near Majnu Ka Teela.The victims were rushed to a trauma centre nearby. \"Two people fractured their hands while others received minor injuries,\" said a police officer. The bus driver in this case too fled from the spot. A case of causing hurt and rash driving has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13858031", "title": "Wildlife Trust of India gives 1L to Bor tiger attack victim kin", "text": "NAGPUR: In a considerate gesture, the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), an NGO working for tiger conservation in the country, gave 1 lakh to the kin of a tiger attack victim in Bor Wildlife Sanctuary, 60km from here in Wardha district.Sitaram Wadhve, a permanent forest labourer posted in Pendhri beat of Bor, was mauled to death by a tiger on April 19, in the sanctuary while he was filling a water hole in Chichkhori area.It was assumed that Wadhve, being a daily wage forest labourer (van majoor), would not get welfare benefits from the government. However, WTI has launched unique initiative to provide insurance cover of 1 lakh each to field staff of all the national parks and sanctuaries in Maharashtra. This has come as a succour for Wadhve's family.As Wadhve was covered under the scheme, a demand draft of 1 lakh was handed over to his wife Malti by conservator of forests M S Reddy recently. Assistant conservator of forests Uttam Sawant and WTI manager Prafulla Bhamburkar were also present.Apart from the 1 lakh aid by WTI, Wadhve's family received 2 lakh from Forest Welfare Fund and another 2 lakh is expected towards human kill compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13858960", "title": "DAVV students form first Google Developer Group", "text": "INDORE: With a motive to create and connect the developers across the globe, a Google Developer Group (GDG) would be launched in DAVV Indore under the initiative of Google on June 8. A group of students is being formed and Indore will be the first city in state to have a GDC.Dhatri Misra, initiator of GDG-Indore and a student of Institute of Engineering and Technology (IET), DAVV said, \"Through the group, we would educate the youth on the use of latest technologies by organizing seminars\"Abhay Gupta, a member of the group said that Google is not just a search engine but is useful for the application developers as well. \"Indore has lots of technological talent and we would brief them about the methods to develop web application and provide platform to the techies,\" he said.Uttam Tripathi, programme manager and developer relations of Google India, will talk about live actual application development, HTML 5, CSS 3, Google application engine, Android application demo and cloud computing in the event, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13858783", "title": "NRHM scam: Prosecution of ex-CMO, 14 UP doctors likely", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has sought prosecution sanction against former CMO of Lucknow Dr A K Shukla and 14 other doctors of Uttar Pradesh government in the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission (NHRM) scam.Shukla was first named as an accused in the second FIR in the scam, in which slain deputy CMO Dr Y S Sachan was a co-accused with him. Shukla, Sachan and other officials of UP health department along with contractors were accused of making bogus payments, fictitious hiring of vehicles, manpower and doctors and irregularities in blind eradication programme.The agency had started probe into the case, which was registered on April 7, 2011, following an Allahabad High Court order.Shukla has once been arrested by CBI on allegations of being part of a conspiracy to murder two CMOs. But in the NRHM scam, separate sanction is required from the authority concerned to prosecute him.The CBI approached the UP health department a few days ago, seeking sanction against Shukla and 14 other doctors, sources said, because they have found evidence of their connivance in the alleged embezzlement of funds.Allegations abound that Shukla and other doctors allegedly acted hand-in-glove with various contractors to create fraudulent reimbursement bills on hiring of vehicles and manpower for blind eradication programme, medicine purchases etc. The agency had named then CMO A K Shukla, deputy CMO Sachan, district administrative officer C J Yadav and clerk P C Verma for cheating, criminal conspiracy and forgery among other charges under the Prevention of Corruption Act in this case.The FIR had been first registered by STF of UP Police on the complaint of Dr Rajendra Singh (administration), director general family welfare, in which he had claimed that \"Dr Sachan and Dr Shukla were involved in massive bungling in NRHM funds\". He had alleged in his FIR that \"vehicles were shown to have been hired for publicity and the bills were being paid against the vehicles. However, all these vehicles were hired merely on paper. Similarly, in blind eradication programme, several payments were made to various contractors. This despite, no tender of the said work was approved by the district health committee headed by the DM.\"Sachan had mysteriously died in a Lucknow jail and CBI investigations have revealed that he committed suicide. The agency will file a closure report in Sachan's death by the end of this month, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13858284", "title": "Nagpur banking on Tiwari reducing octroi on petrol", "text": "NAGPUR: All eyes will be on standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari when he presents his maiden budget on Wednesday. There are expectations that he would reduce the octroi on petrol and bring some relief for Nagpurians.The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has been levying 4.50% octroi on petrol and diesel for many years now. It is the highest in Maharashtra. The difference in rates within (79.85) and outside the city (76.96) is stark. Even, the corporators in the BJP-led ruling party are demanding some relief.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal had presented a 1,110.08 crore budget on March 26 and it is being implemented from April 1. As per tradition, the standing committee presents his own budget after tweaking those figures. And, as per rules, Tiwari's budget will supersede that of Jaiswal. The last budget, which was presented by Sandip Joshi, was of 1,199.02 crore.Corporators and citizens have great expectations from the NMC budget, especially regarding reduction in octroi on petrol.Parinay Fuke, a member of the standing committee and a BJP corporator, told TOI that reducing the octroi on petrol and diesel is a justified demand.\"The petrol prices have increased dramatically in the last one year and so has NMC's revenue. If the octroi is reduced by 1-2%, the revenue will not reduce drastically. The only change would be the expected growth in revenue due to the rise in petrol prices, which would be less.\"Explaining the benefits of reduction in octroi on petrol, president of the Nag Vidarbha Chamber of Commerce (NVCC) Jagdish Bang said many citizens are going outside the city and filling up their tanks fully whenever the need arises.\"If the octroi is reduced, the sale of petrol within the city could increase. Besides, the chairman should concentrate on implementation of approved reduction in various types of goods. Octroi on other materials like iron should be reduced as most traders have their godowns in the outskirts,\" he said.Sharing his experience, former standing committee chairman and senior corporator Sandip Joshi said that the need is to rationalize the taxes and increase the revenue.\"Projects or concepts should be brought to bring all properties under the purview of property tax. The administration should ensure that targets are met. The ward fund of corporators should be increased for undertaking developmental works. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal has given zero budget to corporators. I had increased the ward fund from 11 lakh to 13.50 lakh,\" he said, adding, \"I'm confident Tiwari will present a good budget.\"Congress senior corporator Praful Gudadhe said that the chairman should not go for more privatization of services and strengthen the administration for increase in revenue. \"Development works should not come up from the pockets of citizens. They should not be burdened with new or increase in taxes. Loopholes in the system should be corrected to increase the revenue,\" he said.Social activist Ravi Kaskhedikar too demanded relief from petrol prices. \"Property tax should not be increased by more than 5%. The water tariff should be retained as it was hiked two years ago,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859679", "title": "Bengal civic polls: Cong upbeat over results", "text": "KOLKATA: Congress is upbeat over results of the civic polls, saying the importance of the party in the political scene of West Bengal has been reaffirmed. On the other hand Trinamool Congress , which has suffered a setback in Haldia, wants the poll results to be a measure of its own strength, without the Congress crutch.\"The results should carry a message to Trinamool that the high-handed attitudes of some of their leaders will not do. Without the help of Congress, ruling Trinamool will find it difficult to keep up its winning ways,\" Pradesh Congress Committee general secretary Om Prakash Misra said in Kolkata on Tuesday. Misra felt Trinamool had failed to wrest the Haldia municipality from the Left Front because of vote division. \"This is the first defeat of Trinamool in Midnapore East district since 2008,\" he pointed out.On the other hand, Congress had managed to score an emphatic win in the Coopers Camp municipality despite Trinamool pressing a number of their high profile ministers in the campaigning, Misra pointed out. \"The areas where the polls were held are Trinamool areas, these are not the core areas of Congress,\" he pointed out. \"Of course, Trinamool has managed to wrest the Durgapur municipality from CPM.\"Misra believed that the results thrown up in the civic polls indicated that neither Trinamool nor the Left Front had a complete sway in the political scene in the state now. \"From now on, elections in Bengal will be three-way affairs with Colngress playing its role,\" he said.While acknowledging the failure to wrest the Haldia municipality from the Left Front, billed as a prestige fight, Trinamool leaders put up a brave face, saying the civic polls were a trial strength for the party contesting on its own, without any alliance, and in this the party had succeeded. \"True, we have not been able to form the board in Haldia, but the overall result is that Trinamool has emerged as the principal party in Bengal on its own strength,\" Trinamool general secretary Mukul Roy said. Observes said this could be an indication that Trinamool was making preparations to contest future polls in the state out of the UPA fold.Roy said of the total of 129 seats in all the municipalities taken together, Trinamool managed to win 72. \"Before, we had only 19 seats in these municipalities. In Haldia, too, our seats have gone up from seven to 11. This is not defeat. Besides, in both 2009 Lok Sabha Polls and the 2011 assembly polls, we had an alliance with Congress,\" he argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13863580", "title": "Mahesh to join the sets of SVSC from June 13", "text": "Superstar Mahesh Babu has just wrapped up shooting for the first schedule of his untitled film directed by Sukumar. A special police station set has been erected at Saradhi Studios and scenes were canned on Mahesh Babu and other cast for a few days. The next schedule of the film will be announced shortly.Kajal Agarwal is sharing the screen space with Mahesh Babu for the second time after \"Busniessman\". Devi Sri Prasad is scoring the music for this film, which is produced on 14 Reels Entertainment banner. Mahesh Babu will now join the sets of \"Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\" from June 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13859306", "title": "Five held for murder of garment firm worker", "text": "CHENNAI: Periamet police on Monday night arrested five people for the murder of an employee of a garment firm in Periamet.Police said the main accused, J Naresh Kumar, 25, confessed to the murder. \"He said P Neelavannan, 36, who was in charge of disbursing wages to employees of the firm, had refused to pay him his salary,\" an investigating officer said. \"They had an argument over the issue and Naresh Kumar, along with four accomplices, hacked Neelavannan to death.\"Investigators also arrested V Pradeep, 25, P Dinesh, 28, P Mani, 24, and J Karthik, 27, for the murder.Police said Naresh was paid his salary by his uncle Needhi, who earlier disbursed wages to the employees. Neelavannan recently took over the job and refused to pay him his salary.\"Naresh frequently absented himself from work, but Needhi paid him his salary nonetheless,\" the officer said. \"When Neelavanan refused to pay him, Naresh was enraged.\"On Saturday night, the gang stopped Neelavannan's bike and hacked him to death. The Periamet police have registered a case under sections 147, 148, 341 and 302 of the IPC. The five have been remanded in judicial custody. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13860737", "title": "Land mafia, nomads attack forest guards, 3 hurt", "text": "AMRITSAR: Three forest guards of Harike wildlife sanctuary were injured after they were attacked by local land mafia and Gujjar nomads on Tuesday. This is the first incident when land mafia took help of nomads to encroach on the land of the wildlife sanctuary.Divisional Forest Officer (DFO) of the sanctuary, Sanjeev Tiwari, said that about 60 nomads had settled on the land of Bootiwala village, which falls under the bird sanctuary. He said a team of forest guards was dispatched to get the area vacated. \"As they reached there, the forest guards were attacked by the land mafia and the nomads,\" said Tiwari. He said three men suffered critical injuries and four were wounded.Forest guard Indervir Singh and two others - Malkit Singh and Binder Singh - were rushed to the civil hospital in Zira. According to information, around 1,000 acres of Harike Wildlife Sanctuary has been encroached upon. Tiwari said the encroachers are a threat to birds as they set fire to dry grass, thus destroying the natural habitat.The department has been helpless in dealing with the land mafia and could not do much to keep a tab on illegal fishing and brewing of country liquor, due to lack of security.Tiwari said, \"We do not have weapons or proper vehicles which is why encroachers find it easy to launch an assault on us. This happened last year too when the mafia men thrashed the forest department employees and took away two motorcycles.\"No more weaversThe loss of grassland, extensive urbanization and farm fire incidents have posed grave threat to the yellow weaver bird that are known for intrinsically woven nests. These birds once decorated the skyline of villages and cities but are now rarely seen. \"Use of pesticides, loss to habitat, cellphone signals and less availability of weed grass that grows in wetlands have led to the decline in population of the weaver birds,\" said Dr Sunny Sandhu, environmental health action plan coordinator, kheti virasat mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13860329", "title": "Old stock exchange building at Manek Chowk to be sold", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Members of the Ahmedabad Stock Exchange on Tuesday decided to sell its properties, including the heritage building at Manek Chowk. The decision comes after regional exchanges in the country came under pressure in the wake of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) issuing a circular \u2014 Exit Policy for De-recognized or Nonoperational Stock Exchanges \u2014 last week. The circular offered regional stock exchanges an option of making a voluntary exit or achieving an annual turnover of Rs 1,000 crore (about Rs 4 crore every day). It further said exchanges should have a net worth of Rs 100 crore to operate.The sale will add about Rs 70 crore - ASE's current net worth is Rs 56 crore - and give India's second oldest exchange the cushion to function. \"The ASE board has agreed to sale of all its properties,\" said Hemantsinh Jhala, ASE chairman. In a revival bid, the exchange also plans to float its own trading platform.ASE will have to get the sale proposal cleared by the SEBI. \"AMC has conveyed to ASE that whoever buys this building will have to retain its heritage value,\" says Gaurang Dalal, former chairman of ASE.ASE currently owns the historic building . The 93-year-old building is a symbol of entrepreneurship and Ahmedabad's business history as it was one amongst the first three stock exchanges in India -- ASE is the oldest exchange after BSE and was started in 1894. ASE members say the current valuation of the Ellisbridge premises is close to Rs 55 crore and that of the Manek Chowk building is Rs 8 crore. He added that ASE is also exploring possibilities of a tie-up with Multi Commodity Exchange.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "salboni", "code": "13859508", "title": "Explosion during mock drill injures five CRPF jawans in Bengal", "text": "SALBONI: Five CRPF jawans sustained severe burn injuries during a mock drill at the Kiyakole camp in Jangalmahal's Salboni on Tuesday. One among them \u2014 Dashmal Siddhartha \u2014 sustained 60% burns. All five were taken to Salboni hospital, which referred four jawans to Midnapore Medical College Hospital. Later, two among those \u2014 including Siddhartha \u2014 were brought to Kolkata for treatment.Jawans at the Kiyakole camp were participating in a mock drill on the last day of the current training session. The drill involved a group of jawans dressed in clothes made of jute hurling bombs at another group who, in turn, were to launch a counterattack. Siddhartha was in the group wearing jute clothes. As he was about to hurl a bomb, it went off in his hand. His inflammable jute clothing sparked a fire, leading Siddhartha to sustain 60% burns.The mock drill was abandoned immediately as Siddhartha's colleagues rushed to his rescue. In the process, one of them sustained 30% burns while three others sustained burns of varying degrees.IG CRPF Vivek Sahay said a mock drill was on during a routine training session at the Kiyakole camp. \"Such training sessions take place every seven to eight days at 23 CRPF camps in Jangalmahal. We will take precautions to ensure such incidents don't happen in future,\" he said.The drill involved a group of jawans dressed in clothes made of jute hurling bombs at another group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858606", "title": "Anna Hazare in Mumbai, mum on rows", "text": "MUMBAI: Veteran Gandhian Anna Hazare reached the city on Tuesday morning to complete the final leg of his Maharashtra tour. At 4.15pm, Anna paid respects at the statues of Babasaheb Ambedkar and Shivaji Maharaj at Baba Gebu, Parel, and Shivaji Park, Dadar, following which he addressed the media. The India Against Corruption (IAC) team, at the forefront of Hazare's anti-corruption movement last August, was conspicuous by its absence.In his speech, Hazare, who is creating awareness about the need for a strong Lokayukta, focussed on water. Without naming Rahul Gandhi , the Gandhian took a dig at his recent visit to drought-affected Satara. \"The 'yuvraj' comes in a helicopter from Delhi to visit and goes back soon. This will not resolve the water issue. You need to have a deep perspective with a long term solution like water conservation,\" he said.Citing examples from his visit to villages in Vidarbha, where women still walk for miles to fetch a pot of water, he said, \"It is shameful that even after 65 years of independence, we are still facing droughts in Maharashtra. If the Lokpal Bill is passed, all ministers would be out, Palaniappan Chidambaram being the first one.\"Hazare alleged rampant corruption in the construction of dams and in several government schemes. \"We started to build dams with cost estimates of Rs 3-4 crore, which later escalated to Rs 70 crore. This is how the government mints money. We need an independent body comprising retired judges to conduct an inquiry. Even in the water tap scheme, lakhs were spent to provide taps in villages. But 50% of the taps are non-functional due to a low standard of work.\"A clear rift between the Hazare-led Bhrashtachar Virodhi Jan Andolan and IAC was evident. \"The police were instructed not to allow us in the venue where the press conference was held,\" said an IAC member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "13863293", "title": "Afridi avoiding media on tour of Sri Lanka?", "text": "KARACHI: Prone to controversies, Pakistan's flamboyant all-rounder Shahid Afridi has kept a low profile in the ongoing tour of Sri Lanka leading to speculation that he has been stopped from speaking to media by the team management.Pakistan cricket circles was abuzz with speculation after 'Geo News' reported that the PCB and team management had stopped Afridi from speaking to the media.Team manager Naved Cheema was quoted as saying that since Afridi had a habit of saying things without thinking about them, it was decided to keep him away from the media to avoid controversies.But after the issue snowballed into a controversy, Cheema himself denied any such restrictions on Afridi.\"There is no restriction on Afridi to speak to the media. If he has not spoken to the media in Sri Lanka it is because of availability issues,\" Cheema said.He dismissed reports that Afridi had been instructed not to speak to the media.\"As far as the man of the match ceremonies or pre or post match conferences are concerned, the captain has the prerogative of deciding either to go himself before the media or to send some player for these customary interactions with the media,\" Cheema said.Afridi has been one of the most talked-about and reported cricketers in Pakistan after his dispute with the PCB and its former chairman Ijaz Butt.The controversy broke out after Butt removed Afridi from the captaincy of the national Twenty20 and one-day team in May last year on disciplinary grounds.The board claimed it had acted on the manager's report which reported Afridi for walking out of team meetings twice after dispute with former coach Waqar Younis over selection issues.Afridi retired from international cricket in protest and only made a comeback last year against Sri Lanka in November after Zaka Ashraf replaced Butt as the board chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13857944", "title": "Woman in Gulhar murder case gets bail", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) judge GJ Akarte on Tuesday granted bail to Soniya Agrawal, a co-accused in sensational murder of property dealer Manjit Singh Gulhar.Gulhar was shot dead at Great Maratha Hotel near MIDC Hingna on March 12. Soniya was facing charges under Sections 146, 147, 148 and 149 of IPC along with Section 302 for murder and criminal conspiracy. She was also facing charges under the Arms Act.A team of lawyers including Ritesh Kalra, Sameer Parate, Vipin Lute and DA Thakkar strongly pleaded that Soniya was innocent and charges framed against her were not true.They contended she was being unnecessarily dragged in the case and she had no role to play. Prosecution on other hand opposed the bail plea arguing she was with Gulhar at the time of murder in the hotel lobby.The deceased, it is learnt, had befriended the girl after an accidental wrong number call between them. Just after the murder, Kelvad police had nabbed four assailants while two are still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13860361", "title": "Fee hike likely in medical and dental courses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Parents of students who cleared HSC (science ) exams and are looking forward to admission in medical , dental and paramedical courses will have to shell out more money for that coveted seat. The 80-odd self-financed colleges running medical and paramedical courses in the state are likely to increase the fee by at least 25%.The last fee hike was brought into effect in 2009 , which was valid for three years . The self-financed colleges have made independent proposals of fee hike to the Justice (retired ) RA Mehta Fee Committee for Medical and Paramedical Courses . The committee had also asked the colleges to submit their annual audits , investments made in human resource and infrastructure and future plans for development . The fee hike is expected to be announced in next two weeks.Officials said that the increase would be about 25% on the existing fee. Students eyeing medical seats will have to cough up the maximum money as the annual fee in nine self-financed medical colleges ranges from Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 4 lakh . This is in great contrast with the six government medical colleges which charge an annual fee of Rs 6,000 only . The highest fee is charged by the Karamsad Medical College at Rs 4 lakh per annum . Officials said the medical fee is expected to rise by Rs 35 ,000 to Rs 40,000 per annum . This will also impact the fee of two municipal medical colleges- NHL and LG.There are two government dental colleges in the state . The rest ten are self-financed colleges where the fee ranges from Rs 2.24 lakh to Rs 2.44 lakh . The highest fee is charged by DDIT-run Faculty of Dental Sciences in Nadiad . Sources said that the hike in dental fee is pegged to be 20-22 per cent .Admissions to medical colleges in JulyThe admission process for medical and paramedical courses will start in the second week of July. This year, the merit is likely to go up by two to eight marks as the number of students who have scored high marks in class XII (science) and GujCET is higher compared to last year. As many as 14,000 forms have been distributed for medical and paramedical courses of which 12,700 have been filled up and returned to the admission committee. The forms will be accepted at BJ Medical College till June 14. After the major ruckus created on the first day of submitting the forms, it was decided that students will be given token numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859584", "title": "FDI in retail: Unanimity not possible, Anand Sharma says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hinting at FDI in retail, commerce minister Anand Sharma said, \"In a diverse country, you will have to go by consensus. You don't seek unanimity because unanimity will always elude you. The rights of some of the states to embrace a particular policy should be accepted. It is the prerogative of some others not to accept it and that must be accepted.\" The minister said in the clearest-ever indication yet that the government may not prefer to be detained by lack of unanimity on an issue that has the political class vertically split.When asked specifically about continuing resistance from Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee , whose leverage with Congress has enhanced because of the upcoming presidential polls in July, Sharma said that there were other CMs who have written to the Centre in support of the proposal. \"It does not have to go back to the Cabinet. Once we are convinced that there is a consensus, we will operationalize it,\" said Sharma, who is piloting the FDI proposals.The statements from the government come a day after prominent Congress members such as Amarinder Singh told Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi that the Centre needed to take a few nuclear deal-type bold decisions to show its purposefulness.The anxiety to be seen as governing also shows through the decision to put up the amended pension bill to the Cabinet on Thursday. With Monsoon session at least five-six weeks away, there was no need for the government to secure the nod now. However, the go-ahead from the Cabinet for the legislation pending for long, can help the Centre signal to the investor community that it is serious on reforms.The UPA has decided to go with the recommendation of the standing committee on finance, headed by Yashwant Sinha , in limiting withdrawals from pension accounts, although it has not fully accepted the panel's recom- mendation for guaranteeing returns on all schemes. Instead, the proposal seeks to get the regulator ensure that there is at least one scheme which offers a minimum return. By agreeing to some suggestions made by the panel, the Centre is hoping to ensure that BJP, the principal Opposition, sticks to its promise of backing the pension bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13857081", "title": "World Environment Day: Rallies and awareness activities to mark the event", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For Anubhav Patel (7), it was his first brush with nature when volunteers talked about various reptiles and what precautions one has to take while dealing with them.Many kids and youth like Anubhav had a day to remember as city celebrated World Environment Day (WED) with a slew of activities. Theme for this day was 'Green Economy: Does It Include You?'The day started with two rallies, one organized by Gujarat Ecology Commission (GEC) to create awareness about environment and another by Centre for Environment Education (CEE) talking about and promoting alternative transport system. The GEC rally was flagged off in the city by state minister for forest and environment Mangubhai Patel. CEE volunteers started off from S G Highway and took BRTS from near IIM-Ahmedabad crossroads and reached RTO Circle from where they commenced bicycle rally up to city police headquarters in Shahibaug.Organizations such as CEE, Science City and Eco Clubs held a number of activities such as face painting, quiz shows, drawing competitions and do-it-yourself projects. Sundarvan in Satellite held awareness camps to know reptiles and bats. Various youth organizations held rallies during the day and distributed leaflets to create awareness about green economy.The day was also marked by e-waste collection by several firms. City-based ECS Group collected discarded laptops, computers, radios or media players for recycling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13859335", "title": "Encephalitis kills horses in Pune", "text": "MUMBAI: There could be a trouble brewing at the Pune stables of the Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC). According to sources few horses have died recently due to a suspect case of Encephalitis. It spreads mostly through mosquito bite and causes swelling of the brain in horses and may lead to their death.With the Pune racing season set to begin within a month-and-a-half, sources caution it may lead to an epidemic. RWITC, however, downplayed the gravity. \"Three two-year-old horses have died so far. One in April and two in the last month,\" informed Dr. S K Kulkarni, the chief vet at RWITC.\"All of them are from Sohna stud based in Gurgaon. Two of them belong to trainer Mansoor Shah and one to trainer Cooji Katrak,\" added Kulkarni.Kulkarni further said that he is not certain that it is due to Encephalitis. \"Initial assessments show that deaths are caused by Encephalitis but we are doing further investigations to ascertain the reasons.\"When asked about the gravity of the situation as Encephalitis can spread through mosquito bites, Kulkarni said there is no need to worry. \"We are taking all the necessary precautions,\" he said.In 2008, cases of Equine influenza had surfaced at Pune racecourse.Initially RWITC had declined it but later it had turned out to be a major scare and racing was suspended not only at RWITC but across many centres in the country. One hopes that this time RWITC takes sufficient steps to avoid the situation going out of hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13861895", "title": "Varun Dhawan suffers injury on sets of Student of the year", "text": "Varun Dhawan, one of the stars from KJo's much-anticipated film, fractured his nose on the setsVarun Dhawan, one of the three newcomers toplining Karan Johar's much talked about next Student Of The Year, suffered a serious injury while shooting an action sequence at Film City on Monday evening. It is learnt the debutante actor was rushed to an Andheri hospital where he was diagnosed with a major nose fracture.In what could de-rail KJo's plans, the entire schedule has been cancelled despite there being only ten more days left to finish the shoot.A source from the sets revealed, \"Varun was shooting an action sequence when he hurt himself badly. No one knows what exactly went wrong but he appeared to be in great pain. After initial first aid, he was taken to a hospital where a major fracture was detected. The shooting was called off. Originally, the schedule was expected to end on May 16. But with the injury, Karan decided to cancel the entire schedule. The problem though is the schedule had a combination of available dates for everyone including Rishi Kapoor, who is extremely busy.\"Another fallout being while preparations had been completed for a song picturisation, that too will have to be cancelled now. It is essential for KJo to finish a major portion of the film ALTHOUGH IT will release only in end-October. \"It isn't known when exactly Varun will be able to get back to the shoot,\" the source said.Both Varun and KJo remained unavailable for comment. Along with Varun, Siddharth Malhotra and Aaliya Bhatt too will make their debut with Student Of The Year .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859116", "title": "A picture-perfect workshop leaves kids all smiles", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is said that a picture speaks a thousand words and the participants of the photography workshop with ace photographer Arvind Chenji held on Tuesday were given tips on how to make their shots speak volumes. The workshop, held as part of TOI's Hyderabad for Kids campaign, provided city kids the rare opportunity to interact with an experienced professional and learn some cool techniques to make their clicks look better.\"The most important thing in a picture is not the beautiful lighting, the perfect sharpness or the pretty girl; it is the emotion that the picture captures,\" said Chenji while talking about what makes a good photograph. The 80 kids of ages five to 18 were excited to learn the basics of photography and get some technical advice from Chenji.The workshop began with a brief introduction to photography, the parts of a camera like the viewfinder, the lens, the shutter etc and how the camera works. Many of the participants who had brought their cameras along were glad to find out the technical terms for the different parts of their cameras and their functioning. Chenji then went on to talk to the group about the various areas of photography like fashion, wildlife, advertising, editorial etc. He said that he finds fashion photography easier when compared to rest because good clothes paired with attractive models usually make for good shots. Then, he went on to elaborate on the challenges of food photography for advertising and wildlife photography.Speaking about the tricks involved when shooting pictures of food, he said, \"There is a lot of cheating done by photographers when it comes to photographing food, especially for advertisements. Sometimes, the actual food item doesn't look very appealing in a picture, so it is modified or replaced with some identical artificial material.\" The kids gasped when they learnt that the ice cream shown in most advertisements is not actually ice-cream but mashed potatoes or other concoctions that resemble a perfect ice cream scoop. He went on to tell the astonished kids how he too has painted tomatoes red to make them look fresher and used a mixture of Fevicol, cream and milk powder instead of milk to make it look thicker.Next, the kids were told about wildlife photography and the risks involved in the process. Chenji told them stories of how photographers had to camp out in the wilderness for weeks just to get one good click followed by a slideshow of some of his work and some famous photographs from around the world.The enthusiastic lot had several questions for the noted photographer like what determines if a person is photogenic, how to choose the angle for a shot, what is the right shutter speed etc. And Chenji patiently cleared all their doubts. Twelve-year-old Anoushka Bhattacharya, the participant who asked the most questions said, \"The workshop was really good. He answered all my questions patiently. I did not know much about how a camera works and how to take good pictures. But now I can use the simple tips that I learnt here and take better photos.\"Talking about his experience at the event he said, \"I was very surprised to see the huge turnout as I did not expect kids to be so interested in photography at such a young age. Most of my workshops are attended by adults so this was a welcome change. I had a lot of fun interacting with the kids.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13860779", "title": "No link with judges, says Somashekara Reddy", "text": "HUBLI: Bellary MLA G Somashekara Reddy on Tuesday denied reports of bribing CBI court judges to get bail for his brother and former minister Janardhana Reddy who is facing corruption charges. He told the media in Bellary on Tuesday that all the allegations are politically motivated. He said that they have many enemies in Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh. They are conspiring against the Reddy family, he said.He said that he had switched off his mobile while talking to lawyers and was busy travelling to Delhi, Kolkata, Hyderabad and other places to meet lawyers to discuss the case. \"But some media persons created false news that I am absconding. I have faith in the CBI and the law of the land. My brother will get bail,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13858457", "title": "Candidate cries fraud in Colva VP's ward 4 polls", "text": "MARGAO: Leana Fernandes, who contested the Colva village panchayat polls and lost, filed a complaint before the administrative tribunal of the state of Goa under Sections 20 and 21 of the Goa Panchayati Raj Act, 1994, alleging a fraud in the counting of votes in ward No. 4 and demanded a recount.Fernandes had earlier complained to the State Election Commission and the returning officer and pointed out that the tally remained unchanged during the recounting of votes done on two occasions, but during the third recounting, carried out after two of the candidates had left the counting hall, the result changed with two contestants getting an equal number of votes-127. Blanca Fernandes emerged the winner by a draw of lots.\"The recounting is a fraud as my election agent and the other candidates-Magdelena Goes and Iveto Andrade-had clearly counted the votes polled by Blanca as 125 and mine as 128,\" she told mediapersons on Tuesday.Leana complained that her election agent \"was not given a reasonable opportunity to inspect the ballot papers as provided in Rule 54 (vi) of the Goa Panchayat and Zilla Panchayat (election rules) 1996, despite requests\", and that her election agent's request for a recount was also rejected by the returning officer.Stating that the act of not providing a recount was \"illegal\" Leana and the others alleged a \"fraud\" in the ballot count.A source in the state election commission office said there is no remedy to the problem now, as the ballot boxes have been sealed. \"Taking legal recourse is the only option to the aggrieved contestants,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13859844", "title": "'Display basic information of ongoing work at sites'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Municipal Corporation has issued instructions to the agencies laying sewer and water pipelines in the city under JNNURM, to display basic information about the ongoing work at the sites where the work is on, for the general public. Directions have also been issued to check corruption in construction and repair of roads.The order issued by municipal commissioner Nagendra Prasad Singh, on Tuesday, directed the agencies to put up a display board at the sites, announcing it to people at large, about the extent of the ongoing work, agency carrying out the work, depth of the sewer, thickness of the pipeline, name and mobile number of the junior engineer and other necessary technical details about the project.The commissioner also said that during site inspections, at several places, where the work to lay pipelines is on, junior engineers were not found present. In another set of instructions issued on the day, the official said that when a construction of any road or loan is proposed, the report about the project should also explain the relevance of the project.The commissioner said: \"The issue is important because many times there are complaints from people that roads and stretches which are in urgent need of renovation or construction don't get the needed focus, while new roads, or roads in areas where not many people live, are being constructed by the state agencies.\"Regarding instructions to check corruption in construction and repair of roads, the municipal commissioner has directed that all contractors should present a proper justification report for repair or construction of a road, drain or pavement proposed by them. He also issued a format for the same. LMC commissioner NP Singh reacted to scores of complaints stating that works genuinely in need of attention were ignored and those neatly constructed or in good condition were built or repaired again and again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13859065", "title": "Nashik Citizen's Forum to honour 2 ex-corporators", "text": "NASHIK: Two former members of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) and three sitting corporators have been adjudged as 'Karyasaksham Nagarsevaks' (efficient corporators) by the Nashik Citizen's Forum (NCF), which has decided to felicitate them with the 122 newly-elected members of the NMC.The former corporators to be honoured are Dr Hemlata Patil and Vasant Gite. While Patil was defeated in the recent civic polls, Gite has been elected as MLA. The sitting corporators who are to be honoured are Ashwini Boraste, Seema Hiray and Gurmeet Singh Bagga, who, according to the NCF, have done outstanding work during their five-year tenure as members of the NMC between 2007 and 2012. They will be honoured with the award at a function at 5.30pm on Thursday at the Kalidas Kala Mandir.District guardian minister and state PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal will preside over the function, while the award will be presented by former IAS officer Avinash Dharmadhikari. Mayor Yatin Wagh, deputy mayor Satish Kulkarni, standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse and other NMC office-bearers will also be felicitated on the occasion.The jury that selected the awardees included former municipal commissioner Sudhakar Joshi, former municipal commissioner G N Talreja and former Inspector General of Police (IGP) Bhishmaraj Bam, while N M Avhad, Mohan Ranade and Pankaj Muthe were the members of the Award Scrutiny Committee.The NCF's founder chairman is Vikram Sarda, with Dr Narayan Vinchurkar functioning as president, Jitendra Thakker as vice-president and Tushar Sanklecha as secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859685", "title": "TMC leader shot dead, two arrested", "text": "KOLKATA: A local Trinamool Congress leader from Sodepur in North 24-Parganas was shot dead by three miscreants on B T Road in Sodepur on Tuesday morning. Two persons have been arrested. The body was sent for autopsy.At around 10.30am on Tuesday, Sawant was on his way to work when three miscreants on a bike waylaid him. The goons then fired three shots at Sawant, killing him on the spot. Locals rushed to his rescue and took him to the hospital where he was declared brought dead.Soon after the incident, locals caught hold of two criminals of the area - Laluah and Suraj - and started beating them up. Though Prabir Sanyal, inspector in charge, Khardah police, reached the spot with a police contingent and rescued the duo, the mob managed to free the criminals and started thrashing them again. Laluah and Suraj were later arrested.Panihati Trinamool MLA Nirmal Chandra Ghosh said that Sawant was a good leader of the party and accused CPM for the conspiracy to kill him.Local CPM leaders denied the allegation and said the murder was the fallout of a feud within the Trinamool.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858562", "title": "Sonia Gandhi tries her best to pacify Siddaramaiah", "text": "BANGALORE: The crisis in Karnataka Congress showed no signs of blowing over, with AICC president Sonia Gandhi trying to pacify senior leader Siddaramaiah (in pic) in New Delhi on Tuesday.The bigwig resigned as leader of opposition in the assembly on June 1 miffed over not being consulted in the final selection of candidates for the legislative council elections.Siddaramaiah, who stayed away from the first day of the Youth Congress' convention in Hubli recently addressed by Rahul Gandhi , met senior party leaders in Delhi and apprised them about developments in the state unit and why he chose to take such an extreme step.The Kuruba leader is said to have expressed anguish and frustration at the alleged raw deal being meted out to him and his supporters by party colleagues.Siddaramaiah interacted with Rahul for an hour before meeting Sonia and also held talks with senior leaders, including Oscar Fernandes and BK Hariprasad .Congress sources said the best thing for the leadership to do is accept his resignation and decide how to utlilize his services for the party.At the Young Congress meeting in Davanagere, party workers urged Rahul to make Siddaramaiah the KPCC president. Party insiders said that with a couple of months left for assembly elections, the state Congress needs a leader acceptable to the masses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859734", "title": "Smart card for Plan panel loos flushed out after stir?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Part of the Rs 35 lakh bill the Planning Commission ran up on refurbishing two toilets was a smart card-based system meant to restrict entry. In its response to an RTI query, the Plan panel said the system was yet to be operationalized; sources said it had to be disabled under protest from employees.The restroom disclosure comes on the back of reports that Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia spent over Rs 2 lakh a day on foreign travel between May and October 2011. Another report said he went on 42 official trips over 274 days between June 2004 and January 2011, at a cost of Rs 2.34 crore. Rebutting the inferences drawn, Ahluwalia had said foreign travels were necessary for discharge of official duties.According to the data given to RTI activist SC Agrawal, 60 smart cards were issued to Plan panel officials for the Rs 5.19 lakh access control system. Sources said it was disabled within hours of the toilets becoming operational after protests from people working on the same floor, presumably by those who were kept out.Another noting proposing the upgrade of toilets last year shows the two toilets were to be renovated as a pilot project. According to the note, three other toilets of the Planning Commission may also be renovated on similar lines. That's a couple of lakhs more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "villupuram (tamil nadu)", "code": "13860243", "title": "On TV talk show, teen nails her father in triple murder", "text": "VILLUPURAM (TAMIL NADU): A 16-year-old's anguished revelations on a TV talk show might end up bringing the guilty to book in a triple murder committed four years ago.In the crime show aired a week ago, the teenager broke down on questioning by the anchor and implicated her father, A Murugan, in the murder of a man, his young daughter and son-in-law in 2008.Alerted by the man's wife who watched the show, and following the leads, police on Tuesday exhumed the skeletal remains of the three victims from Murugan's house in a village in Villupuram district of Tamil Nadu. A manhunt is on for Murugan, who went missing on May 17, the day the show was recorded.Villupuram deputy superintendent of police G Sekar told TOI that a satellite channel had invited the 16-year-old girl, who had eloped with her boyfriend K Satish Kumar , 21, a month ago, to take part in a show on real life crime stories.Her parents, Murugan and Rajeswari, of Nallanpillai Petral village, were also invited to be on the show, recorded on May 17 at the channel's studio in Chennai. During the show, the girl refused to go with her parents, saying her father would murder her if she went with them. She said her mother Rajeswari had told her that her father poisoned a young couple and the woman's father and buried their bodies near a well in their house.Rajeswari intervened immediately, saying she did not witness the triple murder. But she said that every time they quarelled, her husband would threaten to kill her like he had killed three people in their house. The anchor of the show on Zee Tamil, Nirmala Periyasamy, who tried to mediate between the girl and her parents during the show, said, \"The girl was constantly telling us that she was afraid of her father, as he may murder her and her husband. When I repeatedly questioned her, the girl broke down and told us that her father had murdered three persons in their house in 2008.\"The anchor said the channel sent officials to the village to verify the girl's claim. \"We sent a crew to the village and tried to verify if what the girl had said was true. We found that three persons, Lavanya, Silambarasan and Sekar, had gone missing from the village in 2008. It was only after confirming this, that we telecast the programme on May 28,\" she added.After the show was recorded, Murugan claimed to be innocent and left with Rajeswari to their village. \"Furious with his wife for backing up their daughter's accusation, he abused her on the bus to their village,\" an officer said. \"He got down at Tindivanam and left saying she would never see him alive again.\"The programme was telecast by the channel on May 28. Three days later, a woman approached Villupuram SP N Baskaran stating that her husband A Sekar, a well-digger, her daughter A Lavanya, and her lover A Silambarasan had gone missing over three years ago. Baskaran forwarded the complaint to Villupuram taluk police and a police team visited the village and dug up the remains of the victims.'Lure of gold led to couple's murder'DSP Sekar said the woman did not lodge a complaint when her husband went missing in December 2008. He disappeared while trying to locate their daughter who had eloped with her boyfriend. \"She said we believed that her husband found the couple wand was staying with them,\" he said. \"After watching the show, she feared her husband, daughter and son-in-law were murdered and approached police on June 1.\"The investigating officer said Murugan played mediator between Sekar and his daughter Lavanya and Silambarasan. \"They had left the Lavanya's gold jewellery with Murugan for safekeeping,\" he said. \"There was an altercation when Sekar asked Murugan to return the jewellery.\"Murugan decided to eliminate them and keep the gold so he gave them food laced with poison, he said. The sofa-maker buried the bodies in the backyard of his house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13862107", "title": "Rajat Barmecha, Manjot Singh team up again for Disco Valley", "text": "Rajat Barmecha who won himself resonant raves for his performance as the repressed son in Udaan is all set to come together again with his on-screen pal Manjot Singh in debutant director Sajit Warrier's Disco Valley. This would be the third film where Rajat and Manjot would play buddies.Earlier this year they were seen together in Akshay Roy's short film The Finish Line which won a National award.Interestingly Manjot who stole hearts and automobiles in Dibakar Bannerjee's Oye Lucky Lucky Oye was never supposed to be part of Disco Valley . He stepped in only when Vivaan Shah who was supposed to play Bharmecha's buddy opted out of the project suddenly .The rather unhappy producer Siddharth Jain said, \"Yes it was supposed to Rajat with Vivaan . But Vivaan suddenly opted out because his dates were clashing with another film Mastaan . Which would have been okay were it not for the way I was informed about his exit from my project.\"Vishal Bhardwaj's staff who takes care of Vivaan's work informed Jain of Vivaan's depature. Says Jain, \"This isn't the way to do it. Luckily for me Manjot is a far more suitable actor for the part.The role seems written for Manjot. If Vivaan had played the part we'd have had to change the character's appearance and personality. Manjot just fits in like a glove.It's the role of wide-eyed boy from Delhi who sets off for a jaunt in Fiji with his friends played by Rajat Barmecha and Shazahn Padamsee, thinking it's about fast cars fast girls and fast sex.It will do for the three actors what Hangover did for its principal players. Vivaan needs to do young films that will connect him with the audience between the ages of 14 and 19.\"Rajat Barmecha seems excited about coming together with his Udaan co-star again. \"Manjot and I get along really well. So playing buddies with him is easy.We've worked together twice before and each time it's been joyride. We're good friends in real life and that always helps.\"In the meanwhile Vivaan Shah who's very much Vishal Bharadwaj's blue-eyed boy is still waiting for that big break which was promised to him by Bharadwaj after Saat Khoon Maaf.Says Vivaan, \"I am still waiting to find out when that film(with Vishal Bhardwaj) would happen.Hopefully it will happen.I haven't been told anything as he's busy right now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13862881", "title": "Jon Bon Jovi rides with President Obama on Air Force One", "text": "Rocker Jon Bon Jovi , who was spotted at JFK airport in New York City, was later reported to be travelling on Air Force One as a \"guest of the President.\"A White House official confirmed that the 50-year-old singer had joined President Barack Obama on the flight on Monday, the Politico reported.The singer is headlining a campaign event at the Waldorf-Astoria, where he will be performing for about 500 supporters.According to a White House official, the campaign paid for the singer's trip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13863506", "title": "IIT Delhi graduate gets Rs 70 lakh job offer from Twitter", "text": "BHOPAL: Twitter has offered a 22-year-old IIT-Delhi graduate from Madhya Pradesh's Vidisha town a job for an annual salary of Rs 70 lakh following seven online interviews. Swapnil Jain will join Twitter's San Francisco headquarters on October 1 and report to a manager of Indian origin.But it was a long process before Swapnil got the job offer. \"I was a bit nervous when a honcho from Twitter first interviewed me in the last week of May. It was one of his seven interviews - all 45 to 50 minutes long - conducted through videoconferencing from San Francisco,\" said Swapnil. \"Once the technical interviews were over, an Indian manager of the Twitter interviewed me in Delhi on May 30 and two days later I was told that they were hiring me.\" Twitter's chief technical officer has mailed him the offer letter with an annual package of $130,000. \"Inclusive of bonuses, it turns out to be around Rs 70 lakh per annum.\"Swapnil credited his consistency for his success and the \"huge opportunity\" he has got. \"Be regular and consistent in whatever you do,\" he said. He said he is looking to work for three-four years and gain experience before launching his software company.The 22-year-old , who studied in Vidisha before getting into IIT, applied for the job a month before he graduated after other IIT alumni posted some openings in Twitter. \"I got selected among the 30 people , who had applied.\"Swapnil said he had specially prepared for the interviews, revising what he had studied but focusing on \"algorithmic , coding and programming\". Swapnil said even getting into IIT was challenging as he belongs to a small town. \"There was no one to guide me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13858370", "title": "'Stabilizer theft case against peon doubtful'", "text": "PANAJI: A local court recently acquitted a peon from the directorate of industries and mines, charged for stealing a stabilizer fixed to a fridge in the director's office in 2009.During the hearing of the case, the prosecution alleged that the police recovered the stabilizer from a bar on the basis of the statement made by accused Pandurang Parulekar. On March 5, 2009, the accused entered into the cabin of the director at 8.30am and took away the stabilizer, the prosecution said.While stating that the case against the accused is doubtful, the chief judicial magistrate, Panaji , P M Shinde, observed thus: \"The stabilizer was found at the bar. It was seen by people coming into the bar. The fact in the present case on hand is that the stabilizer was kept open near the counter and therefore it cannot be said that the same was exclusively in possession of the accused.\"The court also held that there was a long delay in the filing of the FIR and the recovery of the stabilizer at the instance of the accused was not proved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859190", "title": "Water crisis forces extended vacation for Hyderabad schools", "text": "HYDERABAD: The parched city of Hyderabad has given its children an extended vacation. Reeling under an acute water crisis, some city schools have been forced to extend their reopening date by a week even as others are hoping for the skies to open up before they open their doors to the new academic year. Most CBSE and ICSE schools were scheduled to reopen between June 5 and June 15. State board schools will open on June 12.While some schools have cited acute heat as the reason for the extended vacation, others stated that water shortage is just too severe to risk running classes. Water taps have run dry, they say, and hope that by June third week when they reopen, the monsoon would have hit the city. Among those that have postponed their reopening date are Meridian School, Banjara Hills which will now reopen on June 13 as against June 6 and P Obul Reddy School, Jubilee Hills which is planning to postpone its reopening date of June 11 by a week. Some schools like Delhi Public School at Diamond Point said that if monsoon gets delayed beyond June 9, they will consider a postponement for the benefit of students. St Joseph's Public School has already declared June 23 as the reopening date.School managements said that since they did not want students to face difficulties in the scorching sun, they have decided to postpone the reopening date. \"Once the school reopens, there will be many activities for students and the heat could cause them inconvenience. Hence, we informed parents that the school will reopen a week later,\" said Usha Reddy, principal, Meridian School. In P Obul Reddy school too, it's the water crisis that led to delayed reopening. There is some construction activity at the school, consuming much of the water supply. Authorities say they are worried the water would be insufficient should they reopen as per schedule. \"We have not informed the parents yet. But a final decision will be taken on Wednesday,\" said principal Anjali Razdan.S Srinivas Reddy, general secretary, recognized schools managements' association said that the summer being so harsh, some of the schools might have to postpone their reopening date in due course. \"There is still time to decide. But if the heat wave continues, we might have to extend the vacation,\" said Reddy, representing over 3,000 schools. Meanwhile, District Education Officer (DEO) said that as per the current schedule, schools following the state syllabus have to reopen on June 12. \"We will ask for postponement of dates only after getting proper instructions from the government,\" said officials from the DEO's office, admitting that schools in select city localities are facing water crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13859753", "title": "Rough monsoon ride ahead for citizens", "text": "PUNE: It is clear. The civic body is not going to meet the June 6 deadline as far as pre-monsoon road works are concerned. Major city roads are still dug up and resurfacing has not been done at places where road work has been completed. Puneites will have to brace themselves for bumpy rides during the monsoon, since about 40% of the road repair works are still incomplete.The road repair works mainly included tarring and were undertaken to level the roads and fill the potholes. Repairing of nearly 1.60 lakh sq m road length was expected to be carried out before the monsoon. Civic officials said the works have been divided according to three divisions, with each division having to complete around 55,000 sq m of work. As of Tuesday, each division was still to complete around 17,000 sq ft to 20,000 sq ft works. On an average, only 60% works have been completed. Out of the Rs 25 crore that the PMC was to spend on improving the roads before the monsoon, only Rs 14 crore have been utilised till date.N D Gambhire, executive engineer of the roads department, said, \"The repair works have been hampered due to non-availability of tar. Work in some areas has stopped because of the shortage arising out of increased demand across the country. We have written to the authorities concerned and are trying to mitigate the shortage.\"The repair works on some major roads - like JM Road, Karve Road and Sinhagad Road- have been going on for months together. When asked when the works are expected to be completed, Gambhire said it could take from seven days to a month.In Laxminagar area, near Parvati, a new water pipeline was laid last month, but the dug-up portion has not been asphalted as yet. Nanda Kamble, a resident, said a single spell of rain would wash away the loose soil leaving a deep trench along the road. \"There are insufficient streetlights on this road. People driving down at night will be inconvenienced since the trench will barely be visible. Also, the dug-up portion has been filled with rubble and soil. Once the soil is washed away, the exposed rubble will make the road more slippery,\" she said.Gambhire said that along with tarring of roads, works of laying and repairing of storm water drains are also pending in some areas. \"Though these works take time, major portions have been completed and we expect to finish the rest soon,\" he said.He further said that some works, including those on JM Road, had to be stopped, since 'no-objection certificates' were not given to the PMC by other departments. After completing all the paperwork, the repair works had started only in March.Meanwhile, citizens are worried about the problems that they are likely to face during the rainy season. \"Driving a vehicle becomes a huge problem during the monsoon, especially due to the poor road conditions. The authorities should have planned the works earlier and completed the repairs on time,\" said Manasi Tarte.Salil Kulkarni said that the possibility of accidents increase due to bad roads. \"The potholes increase chances of mishaps. If any untoward incident happens due to poor conditions of roads, the authorities should be held responsible and punished.\"Vijay Kumbhar, founder of citizens' group Surajya Sangharsha Samiti, said, \"The basic management is wrong. It is not for the first time that such a delay has taken place. The same mistakes are repeated every time.\"Vivek Velankar, founder of Sajag Nagrik Manch, said the delay in starting the works has led to the delay in completion. \"There is no in-depth analysis about carrying out the works. One often sees repair works being carried out in areas where they are not required. Also, the quality of the road repair works is not up to the mark,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13860308", "title": "Monsoon is here. But where are the rains?", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Monsoon? Where? All through Tuesday, Keralites were left gaping at the sky after the Indian Meteorological Department officially confirmed the arrival of the south west monsoon in the state.Except for weak to moderate drizzling across the state with rainfall being recorded from Kannur, Alappuzha, Kozhikode, Thrissur, Kottayam, Kochi, Kollam and Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala has not received heavy rainfall on Tuesday.The Kerala meteorological department has forecast heavy rains exceeding 7cm with wind speeds ranging about 60kmph along Kerala coast and Lakshadweep for the next 24 hours.\"We have already issued cautionary signal at all ports of Kerala and at Minicoy port to advise fishermen not to venture into the sea,\" said K Santhosh, KMD director.Earlier, announcing its arrival, IMD said the monsoon system is likely to move further up the west coast leaving southern Kerala dry for some time.L S Rathore, director general of IMD, said monsoon will be considered full swing when 60% of the 14 weather stations in the region report 2.5mm rainfall for two consecutive days. On whether Typhoon Mawar in the western Pacific Ocean led to the delay in the onset of monsoon in Kerala, he said, the typhoon has already moved towards Japan and it will not affect progression of monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860457", "title": "Enforce rules strictly to make people plant trees: Kerala minister", "text": "KOCHI: In a move to make the city greener, excise minister K Babu has suggested that the city corporation should enforce rules that would make it mandatory for people to plant trees. The minister said that Kochi corporation should consider giving licence to construct buildings only after ensuring that trees would be planted in the vacant spaces available in each particular plot.Babu was addressing the gathering after launching the corporation's environment-friendly project, Bhoomika. The project was introduced across 54 schools in the city at a function organized at Ernakulam Town Hall. Inaugurating the programme envisaged to encourage students to collect plastic, the minister gifted notebooks to students who actively participated in the programme.The programme, which is part of Suchitwa Varsham 2011-12, along with the campaign My City My Pride, is expected to bring in students to make Kochi a cleaner and greener place. The plastic collected by students from their homes will be collected at the waste bins placed in schools. The corporation's workers will collect these refuse which will be taken for recycling.Meanwhile, on the tree planting projects carried out in association with Environment Day programmes, town planning committee chairman K J Sohan said that the corporation and other participants were not following a planting pattern.\"Generally, the social forestry department provides saplings. Though it is known that trees which have taproots are suitable for city, people hardly consider this aspect. As a result, when trees grow the roots of many trees cause damage to buildings and compound walls,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858391", "title": "Diesel hike proposal fuels Sena wrath", "text": "MUMBAI: Saamna has riled chief of the Prime Minister's economic advise council C Rangarajan for suggesting that the union government should hike the diesel and cooking gas prices.In a scathing editorial on Tuesday, Saamna said the high level officials were making matter difficult for the UPA government. \"The UPA things that it has assumed office at the Centre to make a fast buck at the cost of the common citizens. The government's administrative officials are framing policies to suit the Centre's interest,\" the Shiv Sena morninger commented. Sena chief Bal Thackeray is the editor of Saamna.In a recent interview, Rangarajan had stated that the Centre will have to take several harsh decisions to cope the ongoing financial crisis and to bridge the government deficit. He had emphasized the need to increase the prices of diesel and cooking gas.Taking exception of Rangarajan's argument, Saamna said the hike in petrol prices was a 'petrol bomb' which the UPA lobbed at countrymen. Hike in diesel and cooking gas will make life unbearable and miserable for common citizen, Saamna stated.Referring to planning commission vice chief Montek Singh Ahluwalia's statement that the Centre will have to take several \"bitter decisions\" to revive economy, Saamna said, \"It is strange that Ahluwalia and Rangarajan do not take \"bitter decision\" in the case of those involved in the 2G spectrum scandal and those indulging in black money. The Centre also doesn't say a word about the concessions given to big business houses. The UPA is targeting the aam admi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13863595", "title": "Konkan Railway announces monsoon schedule", "text": "MANGALORE: The monsoon time table will come in to force on Konkan Railway route from June 10 to October 31.According to the new time table, 12620 Mangalore-LTT Matsyagandha Express will leave Mangalore at 12.50 am instead of 2.40 pm and 12134 Mangalore-CSTM Express will leave Mangalore at 4.45 pm instead of 2 pm.Other changes are: 10104 Madgaon-CSTM Mondovi Express will leave Madgoan at 8.30 am instead of 9.30 am; 12617 Ernakulam-Nizamuddin Mangala Express will leave Ernakulam at 10.45 am instead of 1.05 pm; 12052 Madgaon-CSTM Janshatabdi Express will leave Madgoan at 12.10 pm instead of 2.30 pm; 10112 Madgaon-CSTM Konkankanya Express will leave Madgoan at 4.45 pm instead of 6 pm; 50106 Sawantwadi-Diva Passenger will leave 10 minutes late at 8.35 am and 12449 Madgaon-Nizamuddin Goa Sampark Kranti Express will leave 65 minutes late at 12.25 pm.In the monsoon time table, train No. 16337/16338 Okha-Ernakulam Bi-weekly express will be partially cancelled between Hapa-Okha-Hapa.Siddheswar Telugu, Chief PRO, Konkan Railway, said the monsoon time table is aimed at providing safe passage to trains during monsoon season. He cautioned that there may be slight variation in these timings due to introduction of All India Time Table with effect from July 01.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13862695", "title": "Adele wore 4 pairs of Spanx at Grammys for slimmer look", "text": "Adele, who has been criticized for being 'fat', has revealed that she wore four pairs of the body shapers during her appearance at the Grammy Awards earlier this year.The 24-year-old singer said that she wore the control pants to give her a slimmer look underneath her black Giorgio Armdress.\"I had three or four pairs of Spanx on that night but I loved it,\" the Daily Express quoted her as telling the American TV network NBC on Sunday, about her performance at the awards show in February.\"I actually had another dress made and I ended up passed out in it. It had a corset and I was like, 'I can't wear that,' so I ended up wearing this instead,\" she said.But she admitted that since she could not have taken to the stage with all four pairs of pants, she removed a couple of them.\"I took a couple of pairs off,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13860623", "title": "No headway in street vendor rehab project", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kozhikode corporation authorities have not made any headway in the-much hyped project that envisages rehabilitating the street vendors in the corporation limits.The project, envisaged under the People's Plan Programme of the city corporation, was drawn up during the tenure of former mayor M Bhaskaran in the 2010-2011 budget. The then civic body had also identified around three acres of land on the western side of the Mavoor-Rajaji road junction. Unfortunately, the present council headed by mayor A K Premajam has not made any effort to purchase the land from the private party for the project.The then civic body decided to make separate location for vendors after it was found that the street vendors selling their products at various parts of the city were creating uneasiness for the pedestrians and disruption of the vehicular movement. The proposal also aims to protect the rights of the street vendors who renders affordable service to the urban population. Meanwhile, mayor A K Premajam said, \"We will soon hold a meeting for the implementation of the plan\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13860760", "title": "Villagers perform pooja for good monsoon", "text": "HUBLI: With clouds continuing to play hide and seek, the worried villagers in North Karnataka are resorting to various ways to appease the rain gods.Seeking divine intervention, villagers of Unkal, Hebballi, Shivalli, Gopankoppa, Sulya, Mudalagi and surrounding villages have performed a special pooja to Karikaremma Devi.Thousands of villagers thronged the Karikaremma Devi temple, 3 km from Unkal on Hebballi road and prayed for good rain this year.The village wore a festive look on Tuesday with villagers, clad in new dresses, assembling at the temple with coconuts and fruits. Prasada was distributed among the devotees after the pooja.Basappa Menasinkai of Unkal village told TOI that the pooja was performed to Karikaremma Devi seeking blessings of rain god. After worshiping the goddess, the sky will definitely open up on that day or in two-three days, he claimed.Villagers believe that the goddess will be pleased by their pooja and as a symbol, there will be rain.Adaveppa Nagoji of Hebballi village, who took part in the pooja with his family members, said nowadays, monsoon showers are getting delayed for many reasons.Whenever they worshipped the goddess, they received good rain, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13861079", "title": "Government school in Dakshina Kannada district turns into a 'shrine'", "text": "MANGALORE: It is literally a temple of learning. People come here to fulfil their vows. This distinction of receiving offerings goes to a government school in Dakshina Kannada district. The school is considered to be no less than any shrine.People in the district believe they can find solutions to their problems if they take a vow at the Government Higher Primary School at Suribailu in Bantwal taluk.For instance, School Development and Monitoring Committee (SDMC) president SM Abubakker was 'blessed' when a decade ago he had taken the vow of developing an arecanut farm at the school if his wish was fulfilled. Abubakker told TOI that he could convert a hillock into a green farm only after promising this offering to the school. \"I was going through a rough patch and visited many shrines seeking solace. I could succeed in converting my dream into reality only after promising a 'donation' to the school where I studied. I had vowed to develop an arecanut farm for the school then. Later when my wishes were fulfilled, I donated arecanut saplings and developed a farm there,\" he added.Abubakker recalls an instance of his relative Basheer (name changed), who was also blessed similarly. \"My relative had been to the Gulf in search of a job. When he could not find a job there, he sought divine intervention to no avail. Finally, he vowed to make an offering to the school and within a few days he got a good job. Immediately, he donated a public address system worth Rs 12,000 to the school,\" Abubakker said.A member of the SDMC could win a land dispute after promising an offering to the school. There are several such instances where people's wishes have been fulfilled.The net effect is that this school has all amenities which other government schools lack, thanks to the devotees' offerings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859224", "title": "3 mantris cleared Vanpic in a day", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI informed the trial court on Tuesday that Vanpic is a huge Rs 16,000 crore project and that it was approved by the chief minister and three more ministers in a single day. \"This is nothing but a criminal conspiracy to loot the public assets in order to help private parties,\" it said. while Y S Rajasekhara Reddy was the chief minister, K Rosaiah was the finance minister and R Chenga Reddy, the law minister. Then ports, infrastructure and investments minister Mopidevi Venkataramana has already been arrested by the CBI in the case.CBI deputy legal advisor B Ravindranath told this to Principal special judge A Pullaiah of the CBI court while opposing the bail plea of Mopidevi who is now in jail for his role in the deal. The judge reserved his orders to June 7. According to the CBI, the decision to clear the Vanpic project was made on June 29, 2008, in a meeting headed by YSR along with the officials of three ministries and by the very next day the file was cleared with all the approvals of the three ministers to acquire and hand over to Nimmagadda Prasad, the kingpin the case, an extent of 28,000 acres of land to build two ports and an industrial corridor in Guntur and Prakasam districts.Mopidevi did not divulge the fact that an extent of 24,000 acres of land has been earmarked for the corridor and that this land will be permanently given to Nimmagadda companies, the CBI counsel said. Nimmagadda was acting as an Indian partner of the RAK governemnt which entered into an agreement with the state of AP and he emerged as a kingpin in the subsequent stages, he said. Nimmagadda later brought in Navayuga as a major player through back door as a result of which all the primary players like Andhra Pradesh , RAK and even the Vanpic projects Ltd have become smaller players when compared to Navayuga, the CBI counsel said.Countering the CBI's arguments, Mopidevi's counsel C Padmanabha Reddy sought to know from the very same agency as to why it chose to single out Mopidevi alone when it knew that three ministers had approved the project on one single day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13862832", "title": "Saravana Bhavan owner's petition to get back his passport dismissed", "text": "CHENNAI: P Rajagopal (66), founder of the popular Saravana Bhavan chain of hotels, was sentenced to life by the Madras high court in March, 2009 after he was found guilty of murder. While the Supreme Court went on to suspend the operation of the sentence, the hotelier made his way to the court once again earlier this year, seeking to get back his passport which had been deposited with the fourth additional sessions court as he wished to fly abroad for medical treatment. Now, sessions judge S Rajagopalan has dismissed the petition.In his plea, Rajagopal complained of orthopaedic trouble and wished to travel abroad for treatment. However, additional city public prosecutor M Prabhavathi said his case was a sensitive matter which was pending before the Supreme Court. It would not be appropriate for the lower court to return his passport until the Supreme Court disposes the case, she added.The case in which Rajagopal has been convicted relates to the abduction and murder of Prince Santhakumar by eight henchmen in 2001. On an astrologer's advice, Rajagopal had wooed Jeevajothi, daughter of an employee atSaravana Bhavan, during the 1990s. He wanted to make her his third wife though she was barely 20 years old at the time. When he failed in his advances, he hatched a plan to kill Santhakumar, a Maths teacher, who she subsequently married. In October, 2001, Santhakumar was abducted and his body found in Kodaikanal.In addition to circumstantial evidence, Jeevajothi's statement, police complaint and depositions of the henchmen firmly linked Rajagopal to the murder, resulting in an order of ten years' imprisonment from a lower court in Poonamallee in April, 2004. While this was upheld by the sessions court, Rajagopal went on appeal to the high court to reduce his sentence.Instead it was enhanced to life imprisonment by a division bench of Justices Prafulla Kumar Misra and R Banumathi in March, 2009. Five henchmen were also sentenced to life while three others were sentenced to imprisonment up to two years. The bench observed there was a strong motive and previous efforts had been made to get rid of Santhakumar by hook or by crook. A fine of Rs 55 lakh imposed on him by the high court was set aside and he was asked to pay a total of Rs 30,000 instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13849722", "title": "Aamir Khan to pitch in for nutrition campaign", "text": "Actor Aamir Khan, who has been earning accolades for highlighting social issues through his TV programme, will soon be seen spreading awareness about the problem of malnutrition as part of a major publicity campaign by the government.\"The Women and Child Development (WCD) ministry has planned a major information, education and communication or IEC campaign against malnutrition with the pro-bono services of film actor Aamir Khan. The campaign will be ready in a month or two,\" a senior ministry official told PTI.The campaign involving Khan, who is doing it for free, would comprise audio, visual as well as print media and also SMSes that would spread the message through mobile phone services.Officials said the publicity campaign involving the actor was currently under production stage and it would be rolled out in three stages.\"There are people in the country who are not even aware of what constitutes malnutrition, so in the first stage Aamir Khan will be seen explaining and introducing the concept,\" the senior official said.\"As the campaign moves ahead, in the second and third stage the actor will convey specific messages as to what the public can do to prevent and remove the problem of malnutrition,\" he added.The official added that while Khan was offering his services for the campaign without any charge, the UNICEF was also providing assistance to the ministry in meeting the production related charges.The 47-year-old actor's TV programme Satyamev Jayate which has highlighted issues such as female infanticide, dowry and honour killings has been appreciated by the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "13860230", "title": "Court orders inquiry against Kodiyeri, 6 others", "text": "THRISSUR: The Thrissur vigilance court has ordered an inquiry against former home minister Kodiyeri Balakrishnan and six others in connection with the appointment of assistant public prosecutors.The court on Tuesday, also ordered to submit the inquiry report on or before September 6.Judge V Bhaskaran ordered inquiry against assistant public prosecutor P N Sajikumar, Devikulam judicial first class magistrate court, assistant public prosecutor V Sheeja, Thalassery additional chief judicial magistrate court, R Nandakumar, joint secretary, home department, P Mohanan Nair, under secretary, home department, Raghavan, political secretary of Kodiyeri Balakrishnan and director general of prosecution. The petition, filed by advocate Ananthakrishnan of Thrissur Bar Association alleges that disregarding those in PSC rank list, two acquaintances of Kodiyeri were appointed as assistant public prosecutors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13858990", "title": "IAS officer to take charge at Directorate General of Hydrocarbons", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajiv Nayan Choubey, a 1981 batch Indian Administrative Service officer of the Tamil Nadu cadre, will head the Directorate General of Hydrocarbons, oil ministry's regulatory arm for exploration firms.Choubey holds the rank of additional secretary and held the post of development commissioner (handlooms) in the textiles ministry.Sources said the cabinet's panel on appointments has cleared his name and he is likely to take over next week. This is the first time in the history of DGH that a generalist bureaucrat will head the highly technical body. Since its inception in 1993, the body has been headed by senior technocrat from state-run exploration firms, who come on deputation.The post of director-general in DGH fell vacant after SK Srivastava moved to Oil India Ltd as chairman. Srivastava, who was director (operations) at Oil India in 2009, was made the temporary head of DGH after the government did not extend VK Sibal's tenure that ended in October 2009. Srivastav's appointment was formalized in February 2010. Choubey will take over at a time when the DGH is passing through a rough patch. In 2009-10, DGH was at the Centre of attention during the gas battle between the Ambani brothers and Anil publicly accused it of favouring Mukesh. Subsequently, the government auditor too pointed fingers at DGH's working and said the ministry's arm had favoured private explorers, including Reliance Industries (RIL) and Cairn India.After Sibal's exit, DGH under Srivastava drew criticism in recent times for swinging to the other extreme. Private and state-run explorers complained of the regulator taking a hard line on deciding issues and disregarding technical logic as well as delaying approvals. DGH has particularly been seen as bashing Reliance Industries (RIL) on dealing with the fall in the output from the company's showcase field off the Andhra coast.DGH has to monitor contracts for oil and gas fields besides promoting sound management of the resources, while striking a balance between concerns for environment, safety, technological and economic aspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860425", "title": "Kochi to get airport trade fair centre", "text": "KOCHI: Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the Cochin International Airport Trade Fair Centre near VIP Road, leading to the airport, on June 9.The business centre, which is spread over five acres, has a total area of 43,000 sq ft. The centre is fully air-conditioned, equipped with modern facilities, and it can host international conferences and large-scale exhibitions. The cost of construction is estimated at Rs13 crore.A total of 30,000 sq ft area has been earmarked for the conference hall and meeting halls, and parking space is available for at least 300 vehicles. Minister K Babu will preside over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13860624", "title": "Move over cartoons, children are now glued to theatres", "text": "After the show of a delightfully staged play at Prithvi Theatre, Mumbai, a seven-year-old asked her mother, \"Do they also show Cartoon Network here?\" Clearly, it isn't child's play keeping children interested in theatre, hooked as they are to cartoons.But not only are directors trying new entertaining methods but also touching on serious issues in the process.Trishla Patel, theatre actress and director,took the help of technology to stage her play, Zinga Zinga Roses, and connect with children. She transported them to Japan, Peru and Niagra by projecting photographs on a large screen on stage. Besides colourful costumes and a gigantic dragon, she threw in thrilling skirmishes between her hero and villain, with the former trying to save his planet and the latter, threatening to destroy it with his stink. Naturally, the kids were glued to it. \"Fun is the key element of my play,\" explains Patel. \"But serious issues too are shown \u2014 the fact that you have to save your planet being one.\"And that's the thing about today's theater. Increasingly, issues such as education, conservation and the exam system are being tackled on stage by children and their peers are lapping them up. Shaili Sathyu, another director, used a classroom approach to hold the attention of her restless audience while staging Kyon Kyon Ladki. Based on Mahashweta Devi's story of the same name, it's a charming tale of a questioning tribal girl, Moyna, who gets drawn to the world of books and the classroom, finally becoming a teacher herself.So the play, in effect, says that more Moynas would enjoy being educated if allowed to contribute to the teaching process, instead of having a boring, rigid system imposed on them. The audience gets involved, too, in the guessing game \u2014 was the boy on stage miming a woodcutter, a stone-breaker or a washer-man? Finally, when they are urged to join the actors on stage, many rush, reciting the alphabet.Sathyu, who is also involved in curriculum planning at schools,says, \"It's believed that children have a short attention span but that's not true. Give the child a sense of ownership over what's happening on stage. When he tells you what he didn't like in your play, it means you have succeeded in stimulating him.\" She urges her young audience to fill in unsaid portions in the story, music andlights.Her musicians(live on stage),use only one instrument at a time to enable children to identify sounds.From the hooter of an ambulance to the gushing of water from a hand-pump,the music adds to the entertainment.Director Manav Kaul, too, involves children and portrays certain themes. His play, Laal Pencil, is more like an adult play about children. Brilliantly produced, packed with satire and irony, it comments on an education system that encourages competitiveness and suppresses individuality.White, ashen faces with dark black-ringed, sunken eyes, the students of his classroom look identical. Unlike the students of Kyon Kyon Ladki, the students here repeat, parrot-like, uniform answers. Only when a magical, red pencil enters young Pinky's life is she able to express herself as a remarkable poet. Immediately, she is goaded to perform better and better. In the process, she's left with no life of her own and only wants to sleep. Are there echoes of today's times here?Striking a balance between entertainment and substance is challenging for theatre persons dealing with children. That's why the husband-wife team of SumeetVyas and Shivani Tanksale chose to stage the well-loved Jungle Book. \"As most kids know the story, we could innovate and give it our own take,\" reveals Vyas. Adds Tanksale, \"We have experimented with masks, puppets,lights, music,dance and even trapeze.\" When the monkey brigade with their pink, plastic bums broke into a jig, excited children squealed with delight.While the maakad mandal chattered in colloquial Marathi, the vultures spoke shudh Hindi, and Baalu, a management guru, spoke in jargonized English. Many punch lines satirized contemporary cliches. Making the lazy Baloo a management guru and making him mouth lines like, \"Motivation always works,\" had older children smiling appreciatively.As Andrea Gronemeyer, German theatre director, says, \"It is important to strive for the same exacting standard that adults would expect. When you give children quality drama, you help them to grow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13860060", "title": "Commerce college starts issuing BCom forms", "text": "GUWAHATI: With the results of Class XII exam conducted by Assam Higher Secondary Education Council declared on Monday, the Gauhati Commerce College has started issuing admission forms for BCom courses on Tuesday.With the college's seven in Top Ten positions in commerce stream of Class XII board examination, the bar is expected to be raised higher this time, while following the admission process for 600 seats.The premier commerce educational institution here is also gearing up for admission to Bachelor of Business Admission (BBA) programme. College authorities say the forms for BBA course will be issued from Wednesday.Till now, it is expected that the college will resort to its usual conventional system of allocating seats to potential candidates. The college usually separates the students, who have applied for the much-coveted seats on the basis of educational boards like AHSEC, CBSE and other boards. The eligibility criteria for applying is generally fixed at 50 per cent and candidates, who have secured less than 45 per cent, can't apply.\"We are planning to resort to the conventional system. We get around 85 to 90 per cent students from AHSEC and priority is given to students from this board. From other boards, we get around 5 to 10 per cent students. So, the cut-off is separate for different boards. Last year, the cut off marks for candidates from AHSEC in the general category was 385 (non -quota) while for those from CBSE and other boards was 453. This year, the pattern will be more or less the same with some slight changes,\" said GG Banik, a professor of Accountancy and convener of examination branch, Gauhati Commerce College.The admission process for the Bachelor of Business Administration programme is all set to commence in the coming weeks for the 60 seats in the degree course. The programme was introduced in 2007 and it is the first college under Gauhati University to implement the course. Though the demand for BBA is less than BCom, the implementation of the course was aimed at those students who prefer to study outside the state. After submission of forms for the programme, candidates have to sit for a written test and viva.\"There are no majors in BBA but the course was introduced because we see many students from Assam go outside to pursue the same course. This is a professional course, an entry level for MBA. Because of this, there is interest amongst students,\" said HK Das, the coordinator of BBA, Gauhati University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13862273", "title": "A question of privacy", "text": "Even as issues regarding social networking sites, Facebook's public listing and its future, as also Facebook CEO and founder Mark Zuckerberg's marriage makes headlines, four students at Jamia Millia Islamia carried out a research on Facebook, its use and impact on students life on campus. Over the past few years, much has been talked about user privacy on Facebook. The site has changed its privacy policy time and again.Final year students of MA in media governance at the Centre for Culture, Media and Governance at the university carried out a study on 'Facebook and its use among Jamia students: A study,' as part of their ongoing project on Facebook at the centre.Sahana Sarkar, Shilpa Narani, Merlin Oommen, and Shafaque Alam are the authors of the research work. According to them, the study looks at issues pertaining to privacy on the site among students on campus. The findings are based on seven focus group discussions conducted at various departments of Jamia.The study reveals that there is gross ignorance among most students on how personal user information is collected, used and shared by Facebook. Ignorance of it leaves them susceptible to cyber crimes like identity theft, data theft, etc. In addition, it leaves them open to having their online activity monitored and analysed by private companies in order to hit them with targeted advertisements.\"Our objective is to understand how students understand the term 'privacy' and how they manage the risk of infringement of privacy on the site. Also, whether students know how their personal information is protected and used,\" says Shafaque Alam.\"We interviewed a total of 32 students, between the ages of 18 and 27 years. Besides collecting information pertaining to our objective, participants were also asked a few questions related to their Facebook usage habits and purpose,\" explains Alam.In one of the findings of the study, facebook has become part of students' daily routine. As per the study, a few students, about 6% are addicted to the site so much so that they are on it throughout the day. Also, Internet service on mobile phones has tremendously facilitated the usage as now students can check and update their status even while they are in class. More than half of the students, 67% are daily users, while 19% are weekly users, followed by 8% who are monthly users.On the notion of privacy, it was found that it means different things to different people.\"We found that there are some students who feel that facebook is a private space, and withholding or sharing personal information is a personal choice. In terms of usage, many use it actively, while there are others who choose to be inactive in terms of updating content but use the platform to stay in touch with friends. Everyone decides differently on what is private and what is not by customizing their privacy settings. Besides, students do not log onto the site to merely express themselves but also to form communities that organize and run group projects,\" adds one of the authors.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13860114", "title": "Party rivals clash, 8 injured", "text": "LUDHIANA: Just five days ahead of municipal corporation (MC) election, supporters of two rival candidates clashed in Chawni Mohalla on Tuesday afternoon. Eight people \u2014 including BJP-SAD alliance candidate Anuradha Nagar's husband Satish, who is present councillor of ward 32, and independent candidate Anita Kharbanda's husband Krishan Kharbanda \u2014 were injured.'MC poster war' triggers clashTwo rivals groups clashed just days ahead of MC elections. The injured were rushed to different hospitals in the city, where more supporters and police officers gathered. Sources said Krishan sustained head injuries and his condition is critical. He is admitted in Dayanand Medical College and Hospital.While Anuradha accused Anita's husband Krishan for triggering the clash, Anita claimed that councillor Satish was responsible.Anuradha said she was busy preparing for a religious ceremony at her house on Tuesday when someone informed her that workers of another party had attacked her husband and were beating him mercilessly. ''Krishan was accompanied by 20 unidentified people who were equipped with baseball bats, swords and other sharp-edged weapon. They were removing my posters from walls and when my husband tried to stop them, they beat him up. They also fired gunshots at him but fortunately he was not hit,'' she said. Anuradha identified the injured party workers as Akash Taneja, Aatish Arora and Vinod Chadha and said they are admitted in civil hospital.Refuting the claims, Anita said her husband did not attack anyone. ''My brother-in-law Vinod Kharbanda and another relative had gone to Chawni Mohalla to paste my posters when Satish and his supporters attacked them with sharp-edged weapons. My husband rushed to the spot on hearing about the incident and was attacked by Satish and his supporters,'' she said. Anita said apart from her husband, another brother-in-law Vikas Kharbanda and supporters Pawan Taneja and Sanjeev Handa were hurt.DCP, Ludhiana, Ashish Chaudary said residents of Chawni Mohalla claim they heard gunshots being fired. ''However, we have not found bullet injuries on any of the injured. We have registered a case and are recording statements from both sides,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "13860717", "title": "Realtors shot at in Hisar", "text": "HISAR: Two property dealers had a narrow escape when six unidentified persons opened fire on them in broad day light near Kali Devi chowk here on Tuesday afternoon. The incident took place when Billu Yadav and his partner Bijender Sharma, both residents of Shanti Niketan area, were returning home in their car.Billu and Bijender, who suffered bullet injuries, were rushed to Hisar's civil hospital. Their condition is stated to be out of danger. Meanwhile, police have started investigations after registering a case of attempt to murder.Police said the incident took place when the two were returning home. As their car reached near Kali Devi Chowk, they were forced to stop by occupants of another car. Before they could react, all the miscreants, who were carrying weapons, opened fire and shot around 20 rounds at them.When contacted, SP Anil Dhawan, said, \"The police are investigating the matter. The victim could not exactly trace the number of the car. A message has been conveyed to every police station to trace the accused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13859989", "title": "Rohtak shelter warden used sticks to abort pregnancies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A panel probing cases of sexual abuse at Rohtak's Apna Ghar shelter home has found that its caretaker used to allegedly abort pregnancies of women living there by inserting sticks into their private parts besides hitting them, sources said.Sources said the panel found that some policemen were also involved in the abuse and that the shelter home was a \"virtual brothel\" from where girls were even \"supplied to Delhi\". They said that the name of a Rohtak hotel surfaced during the investigations, where girls were sent \"almost daily for VIP customers\".The sources said the caretaker, Jaswanti Devi \u2014 abetted by her son-in-law \u2014 did not even spare mentally challenged girls. \"She used to drug mentally challenged girls before pushing them into sexual exploitation and many cops were regular visitors. The girls were even forced to sleep naked in winter,\" a source said.The Punjab and Haryana high court had constituted the four-member team to look into the allegations of torture and abuse and directed it to interview women living there, besides recommending those who would need medical examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13860629", "title": "Intermediate godowns in all taluks soon", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The state government on Tuesday decided to set up intermediate godowns in all taluks across the state following a suggestion made by the Union minister of state for food and civil supplies K V Thomas at a special meeting of FCI and food and civil supplies department officials in Malappuram.The move will help augment the storage space in Food Corporation of India (FCI) godowns and thus help avoid various problems being faced in the distribution of food grains. Minister of food and civil supplies Anoop Jacob also attended the meeting.In another major step to augment the storage capacity of the public distribution system, the meeting decided to start modern silos with the capacity of 25,000 tonnes each in Kozhikode and Kochi. Silos, the godowns with the modern facilities, would enable farmers to directly sell their products.Addressing the media, Thomas said the state government has agreed to actively consider the suggestion to start the intermediate godowns as it would be helpful to make the public distribution system more systematic and effective.\"The intermediate godowns will act as the mediators between FCI godowns and public distribution outlets. These godowns also would become agencies of the state government by receiving food grains from FCI and distributing it to the outlets,\" the minister said adding that the state government should be ready to set up such godowns in all taluks in the state. Anoop Jacob said the godowns will be set up within one year.The delay in the disbursement of the money for the paddy procured by the civil supplies corporation in the state would be resolved soon, and the money would be disbursed within three days to all paddy farmers in the state, it was decided. The meeting also decided to start new FCI godowns with a capacity of 5,000 tonnes each in Meenangadi in Wayanad district and Alappuzha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13857169", "title": "Congman upset over land allotted to central public sector undertakings", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: A senior Congress leader from Bharuch, known to be close to Congress president Sonia Gandhi's political advisor Ahmed Patel, has strongly protested against what has called \"encroachment\" of common village land by two Central government public sector undertakings (PSUs). Congress whip Iqbal Patel has claimed that Petronet LNG and Oil and Natural Gas Natural Commission (ONGC) are carrying out commercial activities on government land in Vagra taluka.In his representation, Iqbal Patel has taken strong exception to Petronet LNG having \"cornered\" 50 hectares (ha) of land, belonging to Moje-Luvara village of Vagra in Bharuch district. In his letters to top state officials, including principal secretary for revenue, principal secretary for industry, and managing director of Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation (GIDC), he has sought \"immediate cancellation\" of allocation of land to both Petronet LNG and ONGC saying it is \"against the law\".The letter to principal secretary, revenue, says, \"The 50 ha land which has been given to Petronet LNG is government wasteland. The allocation of land to the PSU is illegal. The land is meant for common use of villagers. With the land having gone, villagers have been deprived of common facilities like school, grazing for cattle, playground for children, and village pond.\"Patel said, \"Despite the fact that the village sarpanch,Niruaben Jayantibhai Ahir, represented to the authorities concerned, including the mamlatdar and the authorities in the local Dahej GIDC estate, the government has refused to act. Therefore, I decided to act on behalf of the villagers, as the area is part of my assembly constituency.\" The village has apopulation of 1,400.Both Ahmed Patel and Iqbal Patel hail from Bharuch. Legislator from minority-dominated Vagra, he is a long-time protege of the Congress president's advisor. He told TOI, \"I have asked Petronet LNG to reject the land offered by the state government, but they have not responded positively so far.\" He said, he had also raised objection to ONGC, \"encroaching\" 6.44 ha of land in the vicinity of the village.Patel, who handed over copies of his letters to TOI, said, \"Big industrial units are being handed over prized land, acquired by the GIDC in Dahej region, at a very cheap rate. Cornering common village land is illegal. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "madhepura", "code": "13858212", "title": "Sharad takes potshots at Baba Ramdev", "text": "MADHEPURA: As the deadlock over any consensus on the choice over the Presidential candidate continues, NDA convener and JD(U)leader Sharad Yadav refused to be drawn out into it until the UPA and particularly the Congress opens its own card.Yadav, addressing a news conference at Madhepura on Monday said, \"Though several names cropped up for the coveted post of the head of the state, there did not appear to be any unanimity as such even among the UPA allies. He said he would open up only after the Congress hedged its bets on any particular candidate.\"JD(U) MP from Madhepura has been on a week-long tour to his parliamentary constituency now.Yadav, in reply to question on the tardy progress of the conversion of meter gauge into broad gauge between Saharsa and Purnia said, \"It is an altogether technical matter.\" He, however, maintained that commuters from Kosi as well as Purnia divisions went through great ordeal due to disruption of rail traffic between Purnia and Saharsa during the devastating Kosi floods in the year 2008.On the question of the setting up of electro-locomotive rail engine factory at Madhepur, the NDA convener remarked it was only an election stunt and was announced with an eye on votes only.Dubbing the yoga guru Ramdev as a \"dawai bechnewala\" (medicine seller), the NDA convener said the so-called yoga guru came out with a figure on black money, which was simply a figment of his imagination. \"The black money figures, which Baba said were stashed away in foreign banks were fictitious and unsubstantiated,\" he added.Taking a further dig on the yoga guru, the JD (U) leader said, \"The loud-mouthed Baba might boast that his organization is doing yeoman service to the nation, but the truth is that Baba never did anything for the country or its people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13861160", "title": "Mumbai University V-C promises exam system overhaul", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai University's vice-chancellor, Rajan Welukar, said on Tuesday that many of the loopholes in the exam process will be plugged within two days to ensure that there are no further leaks during the remaining test season. He also promised that the exam process will be completely overhauled to bring about a sea-change in the way exams are conducted October onward.The vice-chancellor said that technology will be used extensively in the new system. \"In the last one week, we introduced many changes in the way question papers were delivered. We started sending question papers via CD, fax, email and web links. We printed 254 question papers for the 16 exams that were conducted last week. Some of the papers were even set as late as 2am.\" He added that the university set up a \"call centre\", whereby senior principals coordinated with all 61 exam centres during the process.The crime branch's investigation into three paper leaks in May found that the leaks took place at university level and not at the level of exam centres\u2014as had happened in most earlier leak cases. The investigation in essence echoed the report of a three-member committee probing the May 26 paper leak. The report had also pointed out the loopholes in the examination section. Asked if he would take responsibility of the inconvenience caused to students, Welukar said, \"We will take stringent action against those involved in the leak.\"But that was little consolation for students who are staring at the possibility of re-tests. \"What is the point of re-appearing for two papers out of six? The exams went on for a month and the varsity is yet to decide on the re-exam dates. We will lose out on our vacation,\" said a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13858876", "title": "Faulty roll makes voters unhappy", "text": "RANCHI: Hatia voters are angry over a large number of anomalies in the electoral list and planning to lodge a complaint against the Election Commission for its alleged indifferent attitude.K S Srivastava, a resident of HEC Colony, said in the past three years he had written several letters to the chief election commissioner and the chief electoral officer of Jharkhand to correct the voters list but his efforts have not yielded the desired result. \"I was shocked to see that even after repeated information about the anomalies, no correction has been done,\" Srivastava said adding that in most of the cases the address mentioned in the voters' list was wrong.Citing an example, he said quarters number of five members of the same family is different.\"I am waiting for the election to be over to lodge a case against the indifferent attitude of the officials involved in preparing the electoral list,\" said Srivastava. \"I kept quite this time because a case would have even led to postponement of the byelection.\"Sirtaj Thakur, another voter, was furious because even after getting the address corrected in the form filled by officials during door-to-door survey, the anomaly has not been rectified.\"My quarters number is 656 but in the electoral list it is shown as 80. The quarters number of my daughter-in-law who lives with my in the same house is 240 and that of his sons are 78 and 80,\" said Thakur.Problem for T N Singh is even more complex. \"While the polling booth of my wife is in Sector II of the HEC Colony that of his children is in Government School, Doranda,\" said Singh. The distance between the HEC Colony and Doranda is around 6 km.District election officer-cum-deputy commissioner K K Soan said he would look into the matter and ensure that this type of mistake would not recur.\"On pilot basis we have decided that this time voter slips will be distributed by booth-level officers. If the officers have done mistake while preparing the voter list, he himself will be in trouble while distributing the slip to the voters,\" Soan said adding that he would ensure that this anomaly would be corrected before the next election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858251", "title": "TV actor in Mumbai alleges abduction", "text": "MUMBAI: A television actor has complained to the Malad police of being abducted from outside his housing society and threatened at gunpoint by two men on Tuesday. A 25-year-old woman, Heer Patel, has been booked in the case along with her two associates, who were allegedly involved in the incident. Patel is also a part of the television industry.Victim Rahul Singh was a tenant at Dheeraj Solitaire society, off Malad Link Road. He was acquainted with Patel for a year but the duo fell out due to a financial dispute. and the duo planned to make a film together. They however had a dispute when Singh failed to return a sum of Rs 20 lakh that he had allegedly taken from Patel. Police officials said a case is already going on in court concerning the financial dispute.According to Singh's complaint, he was seated in his car around 11.50 pm on Monday when two gun-toting men came up. One of the men has been identified as Shaabid. The men bashed him up and hijacked the vehicle with Singh inside. They threatened Singh with their revolver and planned to take him away with them, when a police vehicle passed by. Taking advantage of the opportunity, Singh managed to free himself and slipped out of the car around 12.10 am. The two men fled with his vehicle.\"Singh claims that he later got a call from Patel's cellphone number, where a male voice instructed him to collect his abandoned car from SV Road. We have summoned Patel for questioning in the case. She stays at Yari Road, while her father resides at Mulund. Singh too used to stay at Yari Road earlier,\" an official said. No arrests have been made yet. The police is trying to trace witnesses to the incident and will also question building residents.Singh sustained injuries in the incident.Cops said Singh had started staying at the Dheeraj Solitaire complex, where television executive Neeraj Grover was murdered in 2008, a few days ago. He was supposed to get himself registered as a tenant on Tuesday. Dheeraj Solitaire happens to be the same society where television executive Neeraj Grover was murdered in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13857477", "title": "2008 Malegaon blasts case: NIA fails to file chargesheet, accused gets bail", "text": "MUMBAI: Lokesh Sharma, an accused in the 2008 Malegaon blasts case was granted bail by a special MCOCA court on Tuesday after the National Investigation Agency (NIA) failed to file the chargesheet within the stipulated 90-day period. Special judge Y D Shinde granted bail to the suspected RSS worker, Sharma, on a personal bond of Rs 25000 after the 90-day period after his arrest lapsed on May 28. He will however continue to remain behind bars for his alleged involvement in two other blast cases.This is the first case in the recent past when a police agency failed to file the chargesheet in a terror case resulting in bail given to the accused. His lawyer Aarti Bhide said, \"The bail application was filed on Tuesday. The NIA did not seek an extension to file the chargesheet.\" and not present in court.\"Earlier, the court had granted bail to two other accused; Shamlal Sahu and Shivnarayan Kalsangra, in the Malegaon blast case.On February 27, the NIA arrested Sharma who was in judicial custody for his alleged role in the Samjhauta Express blast that killed 70 people in 2007. The special court had issued a production warrant against him on February 23.He was first held in 2010 and booked for his alleged role in the Ajmer dargah blast and later in the Samjhauta train blast case and the Mecca Masjid blast in Hyderabad. Sharma's name cropped up while the police began interrogating other accused arrested in the Samjhauta blast case. Along with Sharma the NIA had charged Swami Aseemanand, Sadhvi Pragya, Sandeep Dange, Ramchandra Kalasangra alias Ramji and another accused now deceased, Sunil Joshi , for triggering the explosions in the train.Earlier, on January 21, 2009, a chargesheet was filed against other accused in the Malegaon bomb blast case. Six people were killed and 101 were injured in the September 29, 2008, Malegaon bomb blasts. Twelve members of the rightwing outfits, Jai Vande Mataram and Abhinav Bharat, were arrested. All the accused, including a serving Indian army lieutenant colonel, Prasad Shrikant Purohit, face action under MCOCA. The Anti Terrorism Squad which was earlier probing the case was directed to hand over investigations to the NIA in April last year.The case so far:A RDX bomb exploded on September 29, 2008 in Malegaon killing six and injuring 101.The ATS arrested 12 persons in this case including a serving Lt. Col. of the Indian Army, Prasad Purohit.The accused were charged with being members of an organized crime syndicate and engaging themselves in terror activities.Shivnarayan Kalsangra and Shyam Sahu, in custody since October 2008, were granted bail on Amalugust 3, 2011 on a surety of Rs one lakh each. The court said there was no sufficient material to show prima facie involvement of the two accused in the blast case.In April 2011, the case is handed over to the NIA.NIA arrested Lokesh Sharma on February 27 in the Malegaon blast case. He is granted bail on June 5 after the NIA fails to file a charge sheet against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13860153", "title": "Mother Dairy launches milk vending vans", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mother Dairy, the largest milk supplier in NCR, announced on Tuesday that it would sell loose milk in different parts of Delhi and NCR through eco-friendly vans called 'Kamdhenu'.The announcement, which comes on the World Environment Day, will help the dairy co-operative save 2,100 tonnes of plastic every year. Mother Dairy supplies 30 lakh litres of milk in NCR every day.\"These are modern, eco friendly vans which will carry homogenized toned milk in loose form and will be placed at different locations in Delhi-NCR covering even the remotest corners,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13857880", "title": "\u2018Bear cubs can survive in wild\u2019", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Rescue operations taken up for two young cubs of sloth bear in Chichpally range were called off late on Monday night after it turned out they are quite active and able to survive in the wild on their own. Carcass of mother sloth bear that died accidentally was cremated on the spot after autopsy formalities on Monday morning.The full grown sloth bear had died after falling down from a tree in compartment No. 357 near a perennial water hole in Chichpally range. Scene suggested that bear was after honeycombs on the tree but fell down accidentally and died on the spot during wee hours of Monday. The dead bear had sustained injury on snout after falling on stones below and one of her teeth was broken. Her two cubs aged around eight months hung around the carcass and were also spotted by the foresters who discovered the carcass.CCF and field director of TATR Virendra Tiwari and DCF, Chandrapur forest division, P Kalyankumar who visited the spot then decided to conduct post mortem and use the carcass of the mother bear as a bait to capture the young cubs, fearing that they might not survive in the wild. Accordingly, net was laid around carcass leaving one side open for cubs to walk in. \"The two cubs came to their mother's carcass but from direction other than the side kept open in the net for their capture. Sensing failure in capturing we tried to cordon them from all sides, but they turned out to be swift and disappeared in the jungle,\" said RFO, Chichpally, BP Bramhane.He claimed that the bear cubs appeared quite active and capable of surviving in jungle, hence rescue operations were called off late in the night. \"We will however keep a watch on them. Some foresters will monitor their movement. We are also going to install camera traps to keep a tab on them,\" Bramhane said. He claimed that the post mortem of dead sloth bear was carried out on Tuesday morning and its body was cremated before witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860152", "title": "Kerala govt mulls petcoke power plant in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala government is planning a 300-MW power plant using petcoke, to be produced from BPCL's Kochi Refinery after the completion of the proposed Integrated Refinery Expansion Project (IREP), said state minister for power &amp; transport Aryadan Mohammed on Tuesday.Mohammed was inaugurating a 220-kV substation at the Kochi Refinery premises at a function presided over by minister of fisheries, excise &amp; ports K Babu. Babu urged the public to extent all cooperation to the upcoming development activities at Kochi RefineryKunnathunadu MLA V P Sajeendran officially handed over the sub-station to M Muhammed Ali Rawther, member (transmission &amp; generation operation), Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB).Built at a cost of around Rs 75 crore by BPCL, the new substation is set to revitalize the electrical transmission network of KSEB and enhance the reliability of power in Kochi, said John Minu Mathew, executive director, BPCL Kochi Refinery. Built at a cost of around Rs 75 crore by BPCL, the sub-station will cater to the additional power requirements of Kochi Refinery. It was conceived, developed and built by BPCL Kochi Refinery with the support of KSEB. The various components of the sub-station include HV breakers, isolators and two power transformers of 50 MVA capacity each.A control room with the latest version of SMART communicative numerical relays has been set up for the protection of the electrics of the entire sub-station and transmission line.The substation will also pave the way for setting up of a 110 kV substation which is being envisaged by KSEB on the Kochi Refinery land, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13860144", "title": "Show-cause notices sent to 6 chemists, wholesaler in Beed", "text": "PUNE: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) officials on Tuesday took action against six medical stores and a drug wholesaler in Beed for not maintaining sale records of abortion pills and injectibles. Most of the erring medical stores were either located within a maternity hospital or were catering to nearby hospitals, officials said. Show-cause notices were issued to the six medical stores and an FIR was lodged against the wholesaler for hiding sale details of second trimester abortion-inducing drug vecredil.\"Since June 3, we have conducted surprise raids at 23 medical stores in Beed and adjoining talukas, including Parli. During inspection, we took stock of abortion medicines and injectibles sold, and assessed the sale recorded of these drugs. Upon scrutiny, we found six medical stores at fault for not maintaining proper sale records of these drugs. Besides, a wholesaler was also found hiding sale details of abortion drug vecredil,\" S S Mohite, assistant commissioner (drugs), Thane, told TOI on Tuesday. Mohite is in-charge of the inspection drive in Beed.The sale records of abortion drugs in all its forms and types were inspected during the drive. \"Records of abortion drugs like misoprostol, MTP (medical termination of pregnancy) pill, stytolog and vecredil, among others, were checked during the inspection drive,\" Mohite saidMisoprostol is a combination of two types of abortion-inducing drugs - mifeproston and misoprostol. \"It is used as first- and second-trimester abortion-inducing drugs. Sytolog is another combination of mifeproston and misoprostol. Vecredil is a second-trimester abortion-inducing drug. All these drugs are marketed by companies under different brand names,\" said senior gynaecologist Charuchandra Joshi, former president of Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society, Pune branch.\"Most of the medical stores that were found to be at fault were located within the premises of private hospitals having maternity wards. We issued them show-cause notices under Rule 65 of Drugs and Cosmetics Act 1940,\" Mohite said.Of the six medical stores that were issued show-cause notices, two were from Parli. \"Of the two medical stores in Parli, one was located within the premises of a maternity hospital and one was catering to hospitals nearby,\" he added.Besides Beed and Parli, officials also raided medical stores in talukas in Beed district like Madalgaon, Kej, Ghevrai and Shirur. As many as 12 drugs inspector conducted the checks, Mohite said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13859928", "title": "Stray dogs kill 3 deer in two days", "text": "PUNE: A pack of dogs hunted down a spotted deer at Khadakwasla's backwaters on Monday. In a similar incident, two spotted deer drowned in the backwaters after they were chased by a pack of dogs at the same place two days ago.V B Bhadale, range forest officer, forest department, Pune told TOI that the spotted deer from the nearby forest area came to drink water at Khadakwasla backwaters on Monday, when it was attacked by the stray dogs.\"Two days ago, two more spotted deer were chased by a pack of dogs. They went inside the water to save themselves and drowned. Authorities at the National Defence Academy (NDA) and other citizens spotted them, but it was too late to save them. Post mortem was carried out in both cases. The forest department will talk to NDA officials and take action,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13859632", "title": "'Green economy can lead to sustainable, equitable growth'", "text": "LUCKNOW: A unique 'Paryavaran Mela' was organised on the occasion of World Environment Day at Regional Science City in association with Centre for Environmental Education (CEE) on Tuesday. Dignitaries who spoke to the students on this occasion included Atul Jindal, project director, forest department, UP and Preeti Kanaujia, coordinator, Centre for Environmental Education.About 500 students and parents participated in the celebrations of World Environment Day. Atul Jindal, who was the chief guest of the function while interacting with the students said that the theme for the World Environment day-2012 is \"Green Economy: Does it include you?\". He informed that the UN Environment Programme defines Green Economy as one that results in improved human well-being and social equity while significantly reducing environmental risks and ecological scarcities.He said that people should actively indulge in bringing about sustainable and equitable development and should promote green economy.Preeti Kanaujia said that protection of the environment can help in improving economic development because it nurtures our natural capital like forests, water, soil and food-stocks. \"We all should utilise this day to make a new start towards protection of the environment,\" she said. Various programmes organised for the students can prove very helpful in emanating concern for the environment in their minds. Reckless use of natural resources can lead to disastrous consequences in future and it is very essential to create awareness about environment in the children's mind,\" she pointed out.On this occasion, a series of environment related educational programmes like creative art and craft corner based on clay modelling and hand/ face painting, hands on corner based on pottery, card making contest, quiz contest, treasure hunt games, puppet show related to environment were organised for the children.In the treasure hunt contest, Ankur Dixit, Pushkar Ahuja and Anjali Vishwakarma were given first, second and third prize respectively in the senior category while Ananya Gupta, Ankit Agrawal and Apara Agrawal received first, second and third prize respectively in the junior category. Several students were awarded prizes in written science quiz, poster making contest, collage making contest and bird identification games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13858754", "title": "Few takers for Master of Social Work despite boom in NGOs", "text": "COIMBATORE: Voluntary sector with a wide-ranging variety of non-governmental organisations may have emerged as a major employer across the country, but there are not many takers for courses offering training in social work. The absence of applicants has forced a major college in the city to rethink its Master of Social Work (MSW) programme.MSW, which was in high demand till a few years ago in many of the city colleges, has fallen out of favour lately. L Ranjith, head of the department of social work at a leading college, said in recent years he has seen a decline in the demand for MSW course. \"Last year, out of the sanctioned strength of 50 seats, we filled only 14 seats. This year as of now, we have not yet got any applications,\" he said.Though admissions to post graduate programmes will pick up steam only after the degree results of Bharathiar University are announced, some colleges have already started receiving applications for the master programmes. Specialisations including in community development, medical psychiatry, personnel management and industry relations (PMIR) are offered for MSW students.So, why has MSW ceased to attract students despite the proliferation of NGOs and the expansion of the voluntary sector? Is it a case of lack of jobs or low remuneration?Deepthi J, who graduated in the year 2010 from a prominent city college, said many of their batch mates are still struggling to find well-paying jobs. \"Most of our job opportunities are in the voluntary organisations. The majority of them do pay less than Rs 10,000 even after a few years,\" she said.J Paranjothi Ramalingam, head of the social work department at the Amrita University, agreed that doing the course may not fetch high salaries compared to jobs available for engineering and management students. \"In most of the voluntary organisations, the starting pay be anywhere between Rs 6,000 and Rs 10,000,\" he says. But Paranjothi added that after a few years of service, pay packets rise significantly.However, some MSWs said the wait for a job with a decent pay is becoming endless. V Sam, who graduated five years ago said the specialisations they are offered, face stiff competition from other fields. \"Industry prefers MBA graduates with specialisation in HR (human resources) to PMIR, and post graduates in psychology than an MSW graduate with specialisation in medical psychiatry. So the best option will be community development, but this is a field where the pay is low,\" he said.U Sujeesh, who is working as the head of the training department of a major business firm in the city, finds fault in the teaching. \"Most of the time, the teachers are not well qualified and the students are not given enough practical training,\" he said. Students must be made fluent in English and the concepts, he feels.N Vanitha Rangarajan, chairperson of Sharanalayam which runs centres for HIV-affected and the aged, said though they get many applicants from MSW graduates, most of them are not qualified enough. A quick scan of NGOs revealed that many of these offer salaries ranging from Rs 5,000 to Rs 10,000 to beginners and, later, hike the salary based on performance. Some employers complain that most of the graduates lack specialisation and training in soft skills.A city-based psychiatrist said social work graduates who have specialised in psychiatry do not have a grasp of the subject. \"They learn only few papers on psychiatry and lack clinical training. So even though there is plenty of demand for clinical psychologists, we cannot recruit these people to the posts,\" he said.An MSW graduate contended that though the course includes plenty of field visits, camps and other activities which make it a lively experience, it lacks specialisation. With well-paying jobs not easy to come by, apart from government and aided colleges which offer MSW, those running self-financing colleges where the course fee run into lakhs are apprehensive if they will be able to fill the seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "13858153", "title": "Two teenaged sisters beaten to death by villagers", "text": "SASARAM: In what appeared to be a case of 'honour killings', two teenaged sisters were beaten to death by villagers after they spotted a youth coming out of their home at Jamua under the Rohtas police station area on Monday night.The girls' mother, Malti Devi, has lodged an FIR in which six villagers have been named as accused, Rohtas SP Manu Maharaj said and added the accused would be arrested soon.Reports said Anshu (16) and Anjali (13) were alone at home when the youth, belonging to another community, visited them. Their father works in a private firm in Delhi while mother had gone to a nearby village to meet relatives.Alleging the sisters had illicit relationship with the youth, the villagers assaulted them mercilessly. When they fell unconscious, they were locked in their house. Their mother returned on Tuesday morning and found them dead. When their mother returned on Tuesday morning, she found the bodies of her daughters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858006", "title": "Maharashtra Cabinet to discuss Pune Metro route", "text": "MUMBAI: The state cabinet is expected to discuss a proposal for approval to the first Metro rail outside the Mumbai Metropolitan Region. Approval for the Rs 2,593-crore Vanaz to Ramwadi route of the Pune Metro will be taken up. While the consultants have proposed an elevated corridor, demands to opt for an underground route have been made from certain quarters.As per the financial model, the state will bear 20% (Rs 519 crore) of the project cost, the centre would share another 20% (Rs519 crore), the Pune Municipal Corporation will contribute 10%(Rs 259 crore), whereas the remaining 50% (Rs 1296.50 crore) will be raised using other sources. A fare ranging from Rs 7 to Rs 24 has been proposed for the route. An in principal nod for the same will also be sought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13858485", "title": "Goa Bachao Abhiyan response to Regional Plan decision is lukewarm", "text": "PANAJI: Welcoming the government's decision on the Regional Plan 2021 to protect eco-sensitive zones and lower FAR (floor area ratio), the Goa Bachao Abhiyan (GBA) has said that the projects which have been approved before April 9 this year should be placed under the scanner if there are objections from citizens.The government has issued an order superceding its order of March 20, 2012, which had put all permissions under the RP 2021 on hold. The order that was issued on Monday by the TCP, while keeping the RP 2021 on hold, said that it will not permit land use contrary to the RP2021 while using the RP 2001 only as the reference plan.The order effectively means that land use permitted is limited to what is common to both the RP 2001 and RP 2021, GBA convenor Sabina Martins said, adding that if there's any settlement shown in RP 2021 which was not shown in RP 2001, its status needs to be clarifiedDescribing the TCP's Monday order as a move in the right direction, the GBA said that the clause on protection of eco-sensitive zones means that no development in eco-sensitive zones will be allowed even if it is marked as settlement in the RP 2001.Martins also said that the order needs clarity on certain issues. \"The GBA demands that no development should be permitted in areas marked as natural cover as the report of the two committees appointed for identification of forests have not been incorporated so far,\" she said. In RP 2021, natural cover is considered on par with orchards for the purpose of development.Pointing out to the order stating that the RP 2001 will be used as the reference plan and some aspects of the RP 2021 \"like FAR, VP status etc\" will be protected, the GBA said that the \"etc\" should be spelt out, as many controversial aspects like eco-tourism, MIZ , marinas and golf courses (without the consent of the people) were included in the RP 2021.Referring to the order that the approvals given prior to April 9, 2012, shall be allowed to be executed, the GBA has demanded that if there has been an objection to these projects by the people, they should be considered before giving blanket approval for execution.The Abhiyan also reiterated that the process for hearing objections from stakeholders to rectify the plan should be spelt out clearly. It also demanded that the guidelines for accepting or rejecting suggestions should be clearly spelt out and made public. \"The mandate for participatory planning should be included in the Goa Town and Country Planning (TCP) Act before any new plan is made, \" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13859382", "title": "2 witnesses turn hostile in Vijayan case", "text": "CHENNAI: Two witnesses in the MGR Vijayan murder case turned hostile during the trial before principal sessions judge P Kalaiyarasan on Tuesday. The case has been adjourned to June 20 for further hearing.Sundar Rajan, a watchman in the school run by Janaki Ramachandran, wife of former Tamil Nadu chief minister M G Ramachandran, had given a statement to police that he had handed over the suitcase to Karuna, one of the accused in the case, from the room of Bhanu, the prime accused. He said he came to knew later that the suitcase contained Rs 10 lakh. However, on Tuesday he said he did not know anything.Gomathi Nayagam, the second witness and a driver working close to Vijayan's office, had earlier said he had seen two people observing Vijayan's movements. On Tuesday, in the courtroom, he said he did not know anything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13860161", "title": "Youth held with 3 firearms", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Monday arrested a youth in Narayan Peth and seized three country-made firearms from him. The police said the youth, Radheshyam Muralidhar Gangarade (21), who currently resides at Sinhagad road, is originally from Madhya Pradesh.The crime branch (unit IV) team led by police inspector Arun Walture laid a trap and nabbed Gangarade on Monday afternoon.Walture told TOI that police constable Dinesh Shinde received a tip-off that a youth would try to sell country-made firearms in the Narayan Peth area on Monday afternoon. The informer also said the suspect would be wearing a green shirt and blue jeans.A police team laid a trap and nabbed the youth near a school, said Walture. \"We seized two country-made revolvers and six live cartridges and a pistol - together worth Rs 75,450 - from Gangarade,\" he added.The youth works as an agent in a private finance firm. \"We suspect that Gangarade may have brought the firearms from Madhya Pradesh. He was produced before the court on Tuesday and remanded to police custody for two days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13863300", "title": "Tukaram's music launch", "text": "Ashutosh Gowariker released the music of his biopic film on Tukaram at a special function in Mumbai where all those associated with the film including Director Chandrakant Kulkarni, Story and Screenplay Writer Prashant Dalvi, Producer Sanjay Chabria, and Jeetendra Joshi along with the other star cast, the young actor and singer Padmanabh Gaikwad, Singers Aniruddha Joshi, &amp; Jhanavee Prabhu Arora, and of course Music Composers Ashok Patki and Avdhoot Gupte, were present. Everest Entertainment has produced Tukaram, which will hit the theaters on 8th June 2012.The music is a confluence of classical and modern music outlook with the veteran maestro Ashok Patki and the flamboyant Avdhoot Gupte composing the music together for the first time for a film or for any album for that matter. Ashok Patki had composed 6 tracks and Avdhoot has belted out 2 tracks for the film.It is remarkable that this duo of Music Composers have picked a young team of playback singers to lend their voices for the songs of Tukaram. The singers include Aniruddha Joshi (Sa Re Ga Ma Pa winner) is the voice of Tukaram, Padmanabh Gaikwad (Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Little Champ Winner) is the voice of child Tukaram, Dynaneshwar Meshram &amp; Jhanavee Prabhu Arora (also Sa Re Ga Ma Pa contestants). Avdhoot Gupte a mentor to these young singers during their Sa Re Ga Ma Pa days has also done his bit to add variety to the playback.Padmanabh Gaikwad who has lent his voice for the playback song of the child Tukaram in the forthcoming film has also portrayed the role of child Tukaram. When he came to Mumbai to record the song, the director Chandrakant Kulkarni spotted the spark in Padmananbh and immediately decided to cast him as the child Tukaram. Padmanabh belongs to Karhad and hails from a family with rich Vaarkari tradition. In fact his grandfather has a small temple in Karhad and does kirtans. Padmanbh is also the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Little Champ winner and gives individual performances.Hariharan, the well-known singer, has recorded a solo track for Tukaram, which is composed by Ashok Patki. It is a very soulful track depicting wrath of nature on a famine stricken geographical region of Maharashtra. Hariharan's deep baritone voice is one of the high points of the film.The revered saint and philosopher-poet of Maharashtra - Sant Tukaram is making a comeback to the silver screen. V.Shantaram and the Prabhat Film Company had produced Sant Tukaram way back in 1936 on this venerated personality, which received an overwhelming response from the audiences, and went on to win a host of prestigious awards. Now after a gap of 76 years, Sanjay Chhabria of Everest Entertainment has produced Tukaram, which will hit the theaters on 8th June 2012.The story features Sant Tukaram (1608-1650) who is possibly the only saint whose importance and popularity has not diminished through the centuries. On the contrary, his relevance keeps growing and his unmatched genius is lauded by both the intellectual and the common man. Tukaram's greatness has been acknowledged by intellectuals and writers of diverse eras from Mahadev Govind Ranade to Dilip Purushottam Chitre and the common man is well versed in his poetry. Thus, it is no surprise that film-makers have been attracted toTukaram. In the three-quarter century that has passed, many writers have penned works on Sant Tukaram's life.His abhangs and philosophy are the products of his life's experiences and all this has been showcased in the film. In fact, the entire first half is dedicated to understanding how Tukaram developed into a unique human being. During his short life of 42 years Tukaram created a huge literary treasure of 4500 abhangs. His Gaatha meets all the challenges of passing time and changing sensitivities and continues to inspire even today.The story, screenplay and dialogues for the film are by Ajit Dalvi and Prashant Dalvi, cinematography by Rajen Kothari and Editing by Ballu Saluja and the production design by Eknath Kadam with costumes by Poornima Oak.Making a biopic on Tukaram is a very ambitious project for Sanjay Chhabria, the producer of the film who earlier has produced major hit films like \"Mee Shivajiraje Bhosale Boltoy\", \"Shikshanachya Aaicha Gho\" &amp; \"Haapus\". A free hand was given to the writers and the director Chandrakant Kulkarni, who provided valuable inputs throughout the scriptwriting process. From technicians to the music directors and all the other crew members, everyone has contributed to the making of an inspiring film.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13858616", "title": "Govt wage rates hampers work", "text": "PANAJI: The government's low daily wage rate of 221 per day is making it very difficult for municipal councils across Goa to get daily-wage workers as they get daily wages of between 350 to 400 in the open market. The government must therefore urgently enhance the daily wage rate so that municipal councils can complete works like desilting of drains, cleaning of gutters and other miscellaneous works.This was most common grievance put before the minister for urban development Francis D'Souza, who chaired a review meeting with chairpersons and chief officers of all twelve municipal councils in Goa on Tuesday.Chief officers of several municipal councils including Margao, Mapusa, Valpoi and Canacona and others complained bitterly about the unwillingness of labourers to undertake council work due to the poor daily-wage rate.Bhanudas Naik, chief officer of the Valpoi municipal council told TOI that the council is finding it difficult to undertake desilting or to provide labourers to the fire brigade as labourers are not willing to work for daily wages of 221. Naik said his council also needs more staff. As advised by the minister, the council will submit a proposal with its demands to the government shortly, Naik said.The Canacona council chief officer Pradeep Naik said his council has only three labourers on their rolls and when the council tries to hire daily wage workers, they are reluctant due to the poor wages. The Canacona council earlier received 2-crore from the government as the Golden Jubilee grant, but the Canacona council is demanding another 2-crore in order to complete its project - the office cum commercial complex estimated to cost around 4.16 crore.Besides a hike in the daily wage rate, the Mapusa council wants the government to increase its staff strength and also to enhance the technical sanction of its engineers from 2 lakh to 5 lakh.Municipal councils also expressed their anguish over the fact that their chief officers are often holding that post as an additional charge and therefore are unable to do full justice to council work. Chairpersons of various councils demanded that posts of chief officer, accounts officer and even engineers be made permanent for their respective council.Reacting to the demand for a permanent chief officer, the urban development minister told TOI that the appointments of chief officers are made by the personnel department. \"We will bring this to the notice of the chief minister. Earlier, officers were not given promotions so there was a shortage of officers. But since promotions are happening now, there should not be a problem for posting permanent chief officers,\" D'Souza said.Some councils lack vehicles and demanded the same. The minister has advised the councils to put up proposals with their demands before the government at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13859812", "title": "Landslides cut off Arunachal districts", "text": "ITANAGAR: Landslides triggered by torrential rain over the last couple of days have disrupted the road link between Dibang and Lower Dibang Valley districts in Arunachal Pradesh.Anini and Roing, the headquarters of both the districts, have been cut off for the last three days as mounds of debris, stones and mud brought down by heavy showers block the road at several points, official sources said here on Tuesday.Dibang Valley deputy commissioner Abu Tayeng, who is monitoring the situation, instructed the Border Roads Organization (BRO) to restore road communication immediately. The DC asked the BRO to position men and machinery at vulnerable points that are prone to landslides and frequent erosion immediately, sources informed.Vehicles carrying PDS items and other essentials commodities were stranded at various points along the route where the road is blocked and this may cause a shortfall in the supply of essential commodities in the state, sources said. The situation may aggravate if the blockades are not cleared immediately.Massive erosion has reportedly occurred at places like Endulin and Erone under Arzoo circle of Dibang Valley, sources said.Meanwhile, the BRO has pressed its men and machinery in the restoration work but continuous downpour is hampering their efforts, sources added.s", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13860739", "title": "Kannada Bhavan to be completed in two months", "text": "HUBLI: Construction of a convention centre and Kannada Bhavan in Hubli is in the final stage and is expected to be completed in another two months.Under the second edition, action plans for 345 works were approved by the government and the administration has given nod for 310 works. So far, tender process for Rs 43 crore works has been completed and works worth Rs 20 crore have been completed. On March 31, the government released another Rs 23 crore and the administration aims at completing 90 per cent works in March 2013,he added.Upgradation of internal roads, development of graveyard and improving cultural infrastructure have been on the agenda. The administration officials, HDMC and the PWD officials have visited various areas regularly to check the quality, the DC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13847308", "title": "Band Eka performs for the students in Delhi", "text": "In an effort to spread awareness and motivate youngsters across the city to take action on environmental issues, Delhi-based band Eka recently performed for the students of city schools and colleges.Benjamine Pinto, Hitesh Madan and Lokesh Madan performed hits from their album, \"Earth Care\", all of which were a dedication to the planet. But since no musical evening is complete without some Bollywood beats, they played some popular Bollywood numbers as well.Between songs, they took a few minutes to talk about the environmental issues that are of immediate concern and about the relevance of World Environment Day. They also invited the audience to come on the stage and sing along with them, and several aspiring musicians joined them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13860985", "title": "Spiderman stands up for cancer", "text": "We have seen the spider- man jumping off buildings and fighting ruffians to save mankind. But the comic book hero who returns with the reboot film in the series \"The Amazing Spider-man\" will be seen broadcasting a very sensitive message without jumping off the buildings.The hero of the film Andrew Garfield is the ambassador for an NGO which helps patients fight cancer and provides them with help and support. The NGO has also released \"The Amazing Spider-man\" t-shirts which asks people to stand up for cancer. Talking aboutwhich Andrew says, \"These shirts underscore the idea that anyone has the power to be a hero. Cancer is one of our greatest villains. I'm proud to join othersin standing up to this disease.\"Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone (starring opposite Andrew in The Amazing Spider-man) each have this t-shirt. Laura Ziskin the founder of this NGO and Producer of Spider-Man, Spider-Man 2 and Spider-Man 3, who was also workingon The Amazing Spider-man, lost her life while fighting this disease and so thefight against cancer became one of the reasons of The Amazing Spider-man team joining hands for the cause.The Amazing Spider-man of Sony Pictures releases all over India on 29th June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13859414", "title": "Hot weather keeps school kids off playgrounds", "text": "CHENNAI: Many schools have reopened for the new academic year and children are excited. But, children are being kept off the playground in a bid to shelter them from the scorching sun.Playgrounds remain empty through the day and physical education classes are restricted to indoor games. \"We advise children not to go out. Physical education teachers hang around during the lunch break to get children to go back to class after they finish eating. Classrooms have power back-up, so as long as children are inside they are comfortable,\" said G J Manohar, principal and correspondent, Madras Christian College Higher Secondary School, Chetpet.He said many joined on June 1 and others were still coming in as resident scholars were allowed time to settle down. \"But they have mostly settled down. I was worried about how one student, who comes from Kashmir, will handle the heat. But he told me he had already adjusted to the temperature,\" Manohar said.Some parents were worried about schools being unconcerned about how the heat affects students. Ten-year-old Sahana Hari (name changed) spent an hour standing outside class after she was caught having a sip of water during class hours without permission. Her mother said, \"They should have been more considerate. All of us get thirsty in this heat, so I don't see why the school should make a big issue of such a small thing, and make her stand outside the classroom when it is so hot.\" The parent of a Class 6 student in a city matriculation school said, \"I don't know why the school had to reopen so early. They could have reopened next week like CBSE schools. When my daughter gets back home she is so tired that she sleeps for two hours every evening.\"Sundaram Medical Foundation consultant paediatrician Dr Swathi Padankatti said it was advisable to keep children indoors. \"Teachers have to keep reminding them to drink enough water during recess.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13859810", "title": "Congress declares its Kanpur, Agra mayoral candidates", "text": "LUCKNOW: UPCC president Rita Bahuguna Joshi on Tuesday announced the names of Pawan Gupta and Shyam Jarari as the party's official candidate for the posts of mayor of Kanpur and Agra municipal corporations respectively. State Congress spokesperson Virendra Madan said that Congress had already announced the names of Amjad Saleem and Dr Neeraj Bora as mayoral candidates for Bareilly and Lucknow municipal corporations. He said that Surhita Kareem , Nirmala Bilhatiya and Ashok Singh are the party's mayoral candidates for Gorakhpur, Jhansi and Varanasi respectively.The party has fielded Devendra Kumar and Satya Pandey as mayoral candidates for Meerut and Allahabad municipal corporations, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13857683", "title": "Female feticide: Maharashtra public health minister to visit hotspot Parli on Thursday, no probe yet", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) has failed to initiate a suo motu probe against erring medical practitioners, even though the female feticide issue has rocked Marathwada. Public health minister Suresh Shetty is also yet to find time to visit Parli, the main centre of the illicit activity.Shetty told TOI that he would visit Parli on Thursday, where more than 100 cases of female feticide were reported in the last one year.MMC president Kishore Taori admitted that the council had not initiated suo motu proceedings against any erring medical practitioner. \"We act only on the basis of a specific complaint or a report from the appropriate authority. In this case, we did not act suo motu, but took action against erring doctors on the basis of a report received from the public health department,'' Taori said.Taori said on the basis of that report, show-cause notices have been served on 31 practitioners, while the registration of five doctors has been suspended. Incidentally, Taori is a radiologist, while his wife, a gynaecologist, has an approved sonography centre in Nagpur.But instead of serving the show-cause notice on controversial medical practitioner Sudam Munde, Taori handed it over to Shetty for delivering it to him.A former MMC member said under rule 62 of the MMC Act, the council can initiate a suo motu probe against an erring doctor without waiting for a complaint either from the government or an aggrieved person. \"MMC should have issued a notice to the erring doctors on the basis of media reports. It appears MMC is locked in red-tapism and is decision-deficit. It's time the government steps in and issues directives to MMC,'' he said.A senior public health official blamed Shetty for the mess in the department. \"Reports of rampant female foeticide and purchase of massive quantities of abortion pills were reported from Parli, but the health department never took serious cognizance,'' he said.On June 20, 2011, the Food and Drug Administration assistant commissioner had alerted the district collector, director of health services and civil surgeon on the large-scale sale of abortion pills from a shop in Parli. In a month, vials worth Rs 3 lakh were sold from that shop, but the public health department did not even conduct a routine probe.Shetty claimed he was monitoring the situation in Parli from Mantralaya. He said his department had submitted complaints and reports to the council as it was not under his control.The former dean of a government medical college said that if the public health and medical education departments were alert, the illegal activities in Marathwada could have been stopped long back. \"There was dereliction of duty at all levels. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan must step in and clear the mess. He must ensure cabinet members move out of their ivory towers,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13859895", "title": "Family refuses to encash cheque even after 2 months", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the kidnapping and murder case of Khushpreet Singh, 5, Chandigarh administration had handed over a cheque of Rs 3 lakh as compensation money to the kin of the deceased in April 2012, but they still have not got the cheque encashed in protest.The father of deceased child, Lakhwinder Singh, said, \"We refuse to encash the compensation cheque as seeking money was never our motive. We want strict punishment for the cops responsible for the death of my child.\"Meanwhile, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), Delhi, issued detailed orders in this regard on Tuesday. Counsel for the victim family, Arvind Thakur, said the NHRC has also instructed the Chandigarh administration to take strict action against the guilty cops and issued orders in this regard on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13859118", "title": "Industrial bodies to plant 5L trees in one year", "text": "NASHIK: As part of its green drive, industrial associations across Nashik on 'World Environment Day' on Tuesday decided to plant five lakh trees in one year in Satpur and Ambad areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC).\"The state has given the MIDC a target of planting five lakh trees in Nashik's industrial areas. Industrial associations in Nashik, including Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA), Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) and Nashik Industrial Co-operative Estate (NICE) will join hands to plant five lakh trees in Satpur and Ambad MIDC, soon,\" said Dhananjay Bele, president, NIMA, at a programme organised on 'World Environment Day', on Tuesday. The event was jointly organized by the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB), MIDC, NIMA and AIMA.Vivek Patil, vice-president AIMA, said, \"It is our accountability to preserve nature and environment, if we each plant a tree on our birthdays, Nashik can definitely go completely green and develop inustrially as well.\"Executive engineer, MIDC, M B Lonkar also speaking on the occasion said, \"Out of 88 industrial estates across the country, around 33 industrial estates are polluted. Carbon dioxide and hydrogen gases cause pollution. Plantation of trees is extremely necessary to maintain balance in the environment.\"A cycle rally was also organized on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13861820", "title": "Venus transits across the Sun", "text": "NEW DELHI: A rare celestial spectacle -- transit of Venus -- the last for this century, unfolded in the morning sky all across the country on Wednesday, enthralling the astro enthusiasts.Scientists and amateur astronomers alike celebrated the arrival of the transit of Venus, peering up to the skies to watch a dark black spot slide over the surface of the Sun.The awesome spectacle was visible all over the country, including the national capital. However, a cloudy sky restricted its visibility from Delhi and some other parts of northern India.\"This was the century's last Venus transit,\" Nehru Planetarium director N Rathnasree said.The event was visible at around 7am, she said. Large projectors, pin hole cameras and telescopes were set up to help people see the celestial event unfold at the planetarium, where a large number of people had gathered to see the rare event.\"It is exciting to see such an event,\" said a Class X student Soumaya.\"It is too good to resist. It is awesome,\" Nisha Gupta, a school teacher said, who had earlier seen the 2004 spectacle also.\"The next Venus transit will happen after 105.5 years in 2117, making this a lifetime's event,\" Science Popularisation Association of Communicators and Educators (SPACE) director C B Devgun said.From the Earth , this phenomenon is seen when the Venus passes between the Sun and the Earth. It occurs in intervals of 8, 121\u00bd, 8 and 105\u00bd years, Devgun said.\"The phenomenon should be seen only through solar filters, special solar glasses or with the help of pin hole cameras,\" secretary of Planetary Society of India N Sri Raghunandan Kumar said.The last transit of Venus occurred on June 8, 2004 and was visible across India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13859239", "title": "Child marriage averted, parents held", "text": "MADURAI: District police arrested parents of a minor girl after they decided to marry off the girl. Tiruparankundram police received information from the neighbours of the 13-year-old girl that her parents had fixed the marriage on June 7 and had started distributing wedding invitations. Based on the information, the police team visited the bridegroom's house on Tuesday and found that the girl was indeed a minor. They immediately stopped the marriage and arrested the parents of the bride. They were later released on conditional bail.Tiruparankundram police said that the girl had fallen in love with the boy, hence the parents decided to marry her off based on her own wish. \"We verified the school transfer certificate and found that the girl was just 13-years-old. We stopped the marriage and took custody of the parents,\" a police official said.The girl and the bridegroom along with both parents were brought to the All Women Police Station in Tiruparankundram and were counselled that child marriage was illegal. The district police warned that stringent measures will be taken on the persons involved in child marriage under the Juvenile Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13858497", "title": "Goa has 28 varieties of 'patentable' rice", "text": "PANAJI: Goa has 28 traditional varieties of rice which are specific to its geographical area and can be patented, a research paper by Goa University's department of botany has revealed. It was released on Tuesday by chief minister Manohar Parrikar . Some of the varieties are unique as they can be cultivated in saline areas like the khazan land, it states.The paper, by assistant professor S Krishnan and researcher Shilpa Bhonsle, is set to be translated into Konkani to assist the propagation and promotion of tradition varieties as against chemically altered ones, which have lower pest and disease resistance.Around 50 traditionally-cultivated and high yielding varieties have been documented in the book based on data collected from elderly persons and farmers across Goa. Out of the 50, 28 varieties were found to be traditional and 22 introduced from other states, says the project paper, sanctioned by the state's directorate of science and technology.Rice is predominantly grown in three types of areas in Goa-morod or uplands, kherlands or midlands ,and khazan lands or saline lands, the research published in a book format titled 'Rices of Goa and their Grain Quality,' states.\"Some of the traditionally- cultivated rice varieties in Goa such as Korgut, Assgo and Muno are unique gene pools since these are known to be highly salinity-tolerant; they are grown in khazan lands. Their traits should be incorporated to produce newer varieties of rice. Goa has 28 varieties of rice specific to its geographical area and can be patented,\" one of the researchers, Krishnan, said.In Goa, farmers are reluctant to cultivate rice due to low profits, increased labour costs, small land holdings and lack of technical knowledge on rice cultivation, he added.The other researcher, Bhonsle, said that \"some of the rice varieties are indigenous and could be used for biotechnological research to improve yield, tolerance, disease resistance and grain quality.\"Physical, chemical and cooking characteristics along with bio-chemical composition of the traditionally-grown rice varieties with pictures have been documented in the book.\"Traditional rice varieties provide ecological balance and food security. Their conservation and propagation have been neglected. The recognition of non-sustainability in chemical farming creates a new relevance for traditional crops and indigenous agricultural practices. As the genetic base of modern rice cultivation is narrow, the crop is vulnerable to pests and diseases. The diverse traditional rice varieties are precious genetic resources and their conservation is crucial for future food security,\" the research paper states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859052", "title": "\u2018Integrated reasoning\u2019 section added to GMAT", "text": "NEW DELHI: The GMAT exam has introduced a new section, \"integrated reasoning\", designed to measure a student's ability to convert data from multiple sources and in different formats into relevant information to solve problems.The section, that kicked in from Tuesday, will measure skills identified as important for incoming students and is based on a survey of 740 management faculty members worldwide.It will involve synthesizing data presented in graphics, text and numbers, converting data from multiple sources into meaningful information, organizing information to see relationships and solve multiple, interrelated problems and combining and manipulating data from one or more sources to solve complex problems.However, the duration of the exam remains unchanged at three hours and 30 minutes, and its sections GMAT verbal, quantitative, analytical writing assessment AWA and total scores are the same.The AWA will consist of one 30-minute essay ( analysis of an argument) rather than two followed by the 12-question integrated reasoning section. However, the new section will not count in the student's total score.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13858432", "title": "Private bus owners demand place on road transport authority, state transport authority", "text": "PANAJI: The all Goa private bus owners' association (AGPBOA) has again demanded representation for their members on the road transport authority (RTA) and the state transport authority (STA).Briefing mediapersons, AGPBOA general secretary Sudip Tamankar said, \"If the chief minister can justify his holding the chairmanship of the GIDC by saying that his experience as an industrialist will help the GIDC, then our experience as bus operators will also help these two bodies - the RTA and the STA. The chief minister should appoint our members on these authorities at the earliest.\"In a recent representation to the chief minister, copies of which were handed to the media, the AGPBOA told the chief minister, \"It is hoped that by appointing a representative of private bus owners on the road transport authority and the state transport authority will help curtail corruption in the transport department and you will give realization to your promise of zero tolerance to corruption.\"Tamankar said that the AGPBOA has been seeking representation on these two bodies for over two years. He also objected to the presence of former policemen, Lavoo Mamledar and Apa Teli on the state transport authority saying they knew nothing about the transport business and remained silent when issues pertaining to the bus operators were discussed in meetings. \"The chief minister must dissolve the bodies and re-constitute them by giving us representation on these two authorities,\" Tamankar said.He also objected to the government announcement to give 173-odd buses to schools. Tamankar said there was already high congestion on the roads and no space for parking. He said the government will invest at least 10-lakh in buying one bus and then give about 50,000 to the school to maintain it. Instead, the government could give the 50,000 to private bus operators whose buses are running in losses and they would operate the buses for the schools.This way, the bus owners will themselves maintain the buses and the schools will not have that headache , Tamankar said, adding that the government can frame some guidelines for the bus owners in this regard. Referring to the recent agitation by youth near the chief minister's Altinho residence, Tamankar said these youth were objecting to their recruitments being cancelled by the government on the grounds that they were bogus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859894", "title": "Horse deaths send Kolkata clubs into a tizzy", "text": "KOLKATA: At least five stallions have reportedly succumbed to heat stroke at the Royal Calcutta Turf Club (RCTC), sending shock waves among owners and the club management. Lest the ongoing heat wave affects the other horses, the management is taking precautionary measures on a war footing. The owners are in constant touch with the keepers and trainers of the horses, ensuring that all is well with their prize pets. At the Tollygunge Club, a number of horses are suffering from high fever due to the heat wave and the anxious club is trying all known antidotes to bring down the fever and keep them cool.Horses that are showing any signs of distress are being shifted to the air conditioned stables at the RCTC. Others are being given frequent showers, ice packs, cold compresses, damp massages, plenty of water mixed with glucose and a lighter diet to revive their spirits. Keepers and trainers are keeping an eye on their wards round the clock. The club has about 600 horses. Some of these are kept in the stables on the club premises while the majority are in the stables that the club owns at Hastings.\"The horses died over the last 48 hours. Their condition deteriorated suddenly and they collapsed. It is an extremely painful experience especially because horses are hardy animals and can withstand great extremes,\" said a club official. Needless to say, all races are suspended as is the rule at this time of the year to provide relief to the animals.When TOI reached the club on Tuesday afternoon, pedestal fans were being placed in front of the stables to cool off the horses and they showed clear signs of relief. Some horses wore small bags on their foreheads that carried ice cubes to cool their heated brains. The stables were sprinkled with water to keep them cool. Those that were kept in the AC stables looked visibly pleased with their condition and snorted in appreciation as a keeper opened the door to let one have a peep at them. \"We don't have too many AC stables, but all the horses will take turns to go in there and cool off,\" said the official.RCTC's general manager (racing), Robin Corner, agreed that his horses are feeling the heat. \"There have been some unfortunate deaths, but we will have to consult the vet before we can ascertain whether these have been all due to heat stroke. However, we are trying our best to keep them as comfortable as possible,\" said Corner.Noticing that many of its horses have developed high fever due to the heat wave, riding has been suspended completely at Tolly Club. On Monday night there were several horses with temperature that touched 104\u00b0F, which is a danger signal. Immediately about 20 attendants and trainers were pressed into service who used ice pack massages, showers and cold compresses to bring down the temperature. Thermometers were applied every half an hour to see if the temperatures were coming down. The process was being monitored by the club veterinary doctors. If the temperature did not come down they would have given oral medicines and injections.When TOI visited Tolly Club on Tuesday evening, the horses were receiving their showers one after the other. Those who still had fever were being given special head baths. The roofs of the stables were covered with straw, which were being soaked to keep the stables cool. The floors of the stables and the lanes outside were also being kept wet. Every stable has been equipped with an additional pedestal fan. \"Happily we have been able to bring the temperature down. There are still some that have 102\u00b0F temperature but they, too, are showing signs of remission,\" explained A R Mukherjee, COO of the club.Horses that are feeling a little better are being brought to the wet sand pit where they are rolling about happily before returning to their stables. \"We have reduced their diets of oats and grams because these generate heat and are heavy. Instead, we are giving the horses an increased dose of carrots, papaya, glucose or Electral water, fresh grass and bran. This is helping them beat the heat better,\" said Dinesh Sikdar, stable manager at Tolly Club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13860013", "title": "Cyclone claims 1, injures 8 in Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: A seven-minute cyclone with a very high windspeed on Monday evening paralyzed life in North Tripura and Dhalai districts of Tripura. One person died and as many as eight others were injured in the storm. The cyclone also left around 300 houses damaged.Norwesters have been wreaking havoc in Tripura for the past few days. There have been 24 cyclonic storms so far this year in the run up to the monsoon that have claimed 14 lives and left 70 people injured. The total damage was calculated at more than Rs 400 crore until now. Besides destroying houses and standing crops, the frequent storms have severely affected electricity supply and tele-connectivity in the region. Power supply and telephone connectivity to the two districts have snapped because of the cyclones and concerned officials are working to restore the basic services. Several trees have been uprooted, and are blocking national highway 44 at many points snapping the road link as well.On June 4, a tornado hit Satinitilla Chowmuhani village under Uttar Kaalamchara gram panchayat along the western border of Tripura, damaging 50 houses including many shops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859754", "title": "10% more seats in Bengal colleges to balance high cutoff marks", "text": "KOLKATA: For the second year in a row, the state government has decided to increase the number of seats in colleges to accommodate higher secondary candidates. The apprehension of high cutoff marks has prompted the government to tread the same path for the second time.\"We will soon send notifications to all colleges and inform them about the 10% increase in seats in all the departments,\" said education minister Bratya Basu.Last year, seats were increased after students from state government schools failed to meet high cutoff marks. As a result, ISC and CBSE students made a clean sweep on the merit lists in colleges, only with a handful of West Bengal Higher Secondary Council candidates managing to languish down the list.This year, too, the situation is almost identical. With majority scoring between 30% and 50%, the HS pass percentage is hovering much below those of the ISC and the CBSE. Around 474 have achieved a score more than 90%, but the number is miniscule compared to those from other boards.A senior higher education department official questioned, \"Last year the cutoff marks did not go below 90% for English honours courses in some colleges. How can HS students compete when there is a clear directive of making no discrimination between boards?\" The increase in seats is likely to address this problem to some extent.Asutosh College principal Dipak Kar said, \"In our college, we calculate a unique index marks for each student. But, the cutoffs were extremely high in many subjects, including English, physics, economics and geography. The first merit list had only a few HS students. If the government decides to increase seats like last time, these students will benefit. In our college, around five seats will increase in every subject if the decision is implemented.\"The government has also issued notice to colleges that have websites to conduct admissions online. \"Those who have adequate infrastructure will have to introduce online admissions. This will solve confusion and simplify the admission process,\" the minister said.Around 150 colleges have responded that they are equipped to hold the entire admission process online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13862104", "title": "Chance to provide a much better education to young India: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Ahead of the next week's India-US education dialogue, the United States Education Secretary Arne Duncan has said there is chance to provide a much better education for thousands of young people in India.\"I think the challenges India faces dwarf -- make ours look relatively simple. But I think there's a chance to provide a much better education for hundreds and hundreds and thousands of young people in India,\" Duncan told reporters at a White House news conference yesterday.\"Whatever we can do to help as they build the next system of community colleges, as they scale up what's working, as American institutions start to set up campuses in India, we want to be a great partner,\" he said.\"I just absolutely believe that a rising tide lifts all boats. And the more young people across India are getting a world-class education, that's a great thing for your country and for ours as well,\" Duncan said in response to a question.The Education Secretary praised his Indian counterpart, Kapil Sibal, the human resources and development minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "koppal", "code": "13860975", "title": "Matka goes mobile in North Karnataka region", "text": "KOPPAL: Matka, which has been on the decline in the recent past mainly due to the belligerent monitoring of police, is slowly making its hi-tech presence felt in many parts of the state.Matka, a sort of lottery, was a big game in the '70s, and police had a tough time nabbing people involved in it. Special teams were on the prowl to crack down on such groups. Now, the game has gone hi-tech -- gone mobile, to be precise -- making it difficult for police to track the bookies and agents involved in it.Earlier, paan and petty shop owners, who doubled as agents, booked the numbers and received the stake money from players. As soon as day's numbers were announced, the agents would display the numbers in front of their shops and winners received the money from agents with whom they had registered the numbers. It was a meticulously organized business built solely on \"trust\".Today, there is no need for the agents to open their shops to book the \"numbers\" and bookies to receive booked details and money from agents. Unlike in the past, there is no physical existence of the game. Every thing now happens through cell phones and SMSs .SMSs have reduced the burden of agents, bookies, but are giving headache to police. Game's base might have been reduced, but it's existence in districts of north Karnataka, particularly in Koppal, Raichur, Gadag, Yadgir, Gulbarga, Dharward, Belgaum and Haveri has become a cause of worry. \"Last year, we had booked 24 cases in Kustagi taluk itself, but this year only six cases have been reported so far ,\" a police official from the area said.Lack of physical activities on the part of agents and bookies has made their job to trace them tough, he added.The officer said the agents and bookies have developed their own network and as soon as the number is drawn, SMSes start flowing and in the nick of time, customers receive the day's number.However, Koppal superintendent of police B S Prakash claimed the game has vanished completely from the state.\"The past network or big players are not there,\" he said, adding that the game itself has become obsolete. Police have their own intelligence network and if there is any activity, within no time they will track such agents and bookies, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13859732", "title": "'Golden Temple\u2019s treasure lost after Operation Bluestar'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even 28 years after Operation Bluestar, questions abound over the \"treasure\" in the Golden Temple that seems to have \"vanished\" after the military action.Joginder Singh Goraya, from Punjab's Ludhiana district, has been filing RTI applications for years to find out where the treasure stored in the Golden Temple vanished after the operation. \"The Centre has provided information about several kilograms of gold, silver, diamonds and other precious stones which were recovered from the Golden Temple and handed over to the Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee. However, SGPC denies their possession. So where did the treasure go?\" said Goraya.Armed with the RTI Act, two men from Payal village in Ludhiana have been piecing together details, about controversial aspects of the raid, including men who lost their lives during the encounter and the arms and ammunition recovered from the complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13860093", "title": "Cops risk lives to catch robbers in trucks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Showing exemplary courage, two beat officers from Kohat Enclave in northwest Delhi chased and caught two robbers after a 10-minute chase over 4.5 kilometres. Police said the arrested robbers are part of a 10-member gang that had gone on a rampage through northwest and outer districts on Saturday.By the time the chase started, the robbers had looted a mini-truck at Mangolpuri and taken its driver hostage, murdered a factory foreman who tried to foil their robbery attempt, and also looted a container truck carrying Rs 7 lakh worth of copper.\"Head constable Shesh Dhar and constable Babulal of Maurya Enclave first tried to flag down the trucks commandeered by the robbers. When the drivers paid no heed, they overtook them on their motorbike and blocked their path. The robbers then got off the trucks and attacked the cops. However, Shesh fired from his service revolver forcing the gang members to retreat even as one of them was nabbed,'' said Tajender Luthra, joint commissioner (Northern range).The robbing spree began around 12.30am on Saturday. They gathered at a beer shop, drank in a parking area in Mangolpuri, and hatched a plan to rob either trucks or a factory. Their first target was a mini-truck.\"The accused flagged it down asking for a lift. As the driver Pancham slowed down, they took the driver hostage and threatened his helpers Raju and Saroj to follow instructions. They also robbed Rs 1,600, a mobile phone and some documents from them,'' said additional DCP (northwest) Romil Baaniya. Sources claimed the accused tried to kidnap a woman, too, but the cops denied this.Later, the robbers went to Sunaam metal factory in the Samaipur Badli industrial area with intention of dacoity. When a labourer (identified as Manoj) tried to resist them, they strangled him and smashed his head with a heavy object. However, they could not pull off the robbery as one of the security guards opened fire in the air to scare them off.An hour later, the robbers spotted a container truck near Madhuban Chowk laden with copper wire bundles. They hijacked it and injured both driver Pradeep and his helper Dinesh. Even after these back-to-back attacks, an alarm was not sounded and police pickets were not set up. It was finally left to the patrolling staff of Maurya Enclave police station to stop the criminals after they were alerted by a bleeding Pradeep at Aashiana Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860117", "title": "Kerala has 605 cops with criminal record", "text": "KOCHI: Three IPS officers - additional DGP S Pulikesi, IG Tomin J Thachankary, and DIG S Sreejith - are among 605 serving police officers in Kerala who have criminal cases against them. The director general of police submitted the list of officers with criminal record in a sealed cover to the Kerala high court, as part of the hearing on a service case related to police recruitment.Human Rights Defence Forum secretary DB Binu then approached police headquarters under the Right to Information Act demanding that the list be made public. The list includes 13 officers at the rank of DySP.The three IPS officers are facing corruption charges whereas 533 officers are charged with criminal offences. The district with most number of such officials is Thiruvananthapuram, with the city police there having 71 officials in the list and the rural wing 29. Kochi city police has 39 officials with criminal records whereas Ernakulam rural wing has 23. Kozhikode city has 17 officials in the list.with cases while the number is five with Kozhikode rural police.The 13 DySPs in the list are Bhuvanachandran of CIAL, Muraleedharan of vigilance at Ernakulam, KA Suresh Babu of Malappuram, assistant commandant Biju of Kozhikode, YR Restem of CBCID - economic offences wing of Kozhikode, TN Vinod Kumar of CBCID, Kottayam, MJ Sojan of CBCID, Kasargod, assistant commandant K Radhakrishna Pillai of Kozhikode, R Shaji of Malappuram who is in jail for murder, CK Ramachandran of Palakkad, assistant commissioner EK Sabu of Fort station at Thiruvananthapuram, assistant commissioner TK Haridas of Fort police station, and MC Sukumaran of CBCID, Pathanamthitta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "respirable suspended particulate matter (rspm)", "code": "13860155", "title": "Trends of ambient air quality in city", "text": "Respirable Suspended Particulate Matter (RSPM): All the residential locations, except Indiranagar, have become more polluted as compared to last three years. In commercial areas, only Alambagh showed decreasing trend and Amuasi recorded higher value of RSPM. The values recorded at all places are higher than the National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS).Sulphur Dioxide (SO2): Indiranagar and Aminabad recorded values lesser than the last year. The values recorded at all the locations in the city are lesser than NAAQS.Oxides of Nitrogen (NOx): All the monitoring locations showed an increasing trend over the last years, though the values recorded were lesser than NAAQS at all the places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13860017", "title": "Sea erosion worsens at Valiyathura", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The worst fears of residents at Valiyathura fisherman village came true on Tuesday, as the waves lashed ten more homes. On Monday, about twenty huts were badly damaged after the sea waves swept into the village. \"We had placed sand bags in front of our homes. But today the sea was more violent than it has been for the last three days,\" said Francis, a local resident.Health minister V S Sivakumar visited the village on Tuesday. He was accompanied by various government officials and ward councillor Tony Oliver. The minister assessed the situation and directed the officials to take necessary steps.\"We are planning to shift the fishermen to neighbouring schools. That is the only solution left before us. The project that was envisaged to rehabilitate them will be inaugurated on Wednesday. As of now these people have to be moved to schools,\" said Tony Oliver.The fishermen village at Valiyathura comprises about 94 houses and all of them are perched close to the sea. The government will take a final decision regarding the evacuation of the villagers on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13857633", "title": "Young artists honoured by President", "text": "NEW DELHI: A small house canopied by an overhanging tree and sunlight brightening the landscape. This, in short, is the symbol of Rashtrapati Bhavan's environmental sustainability project, Roshni Prachodaya Society. On Tuesday, the World Environment Day, President Pratibha Patil felicitated two schoolchildren for creating the best logos for the green project. They were presented with certificates and cash prizes at the Rashtrapati Bhavan for their innovate designs. The winners-Robin Singh, a Class IX student from Jammu and Kashmir , and Vibhu Prakash, a Class IV student from Delhi-were overwhelmed by the honour bestowed on them.Robin, 14, who was accompanied by his mother, said, \"Our school, Kendriya Vidyalaya Border Security Force as well as our town, Bandipur, are lush with greenery. They might be in want of a little cleaning but the green cover makes for a scenic view. When my teacher told me about this competition, I immediately became interested. I know how important ecology is for us. My teacher also inspired me to create a good logo.\" His logo was chosen from among 3,276 entries. Robin's logo shows a tree serving as a canopy for a hut. He expressed his wish to to become an artist.Around 10,480 schools were contacted for the contest. Christy Fernandez, secretary to the President, said the message may have reached about 10.48 million students through the initiative. He felt the values of the Roshni society were likely to have touched the families of all the participants. This, he hoped, would make them more sensitive towards the environment.Vibhu Prakash, from Air Force School in Panchavati, also won the President's praise for his creative logo. The little artist said he looked up the internet to learn about the Roshni project. His teacher helped him design the logo. \"I will give part of the award money to my grandparents, spare some for my garden, and keep the rest with me,\" said an excited Vibhu, who received a cash prize of Rs 5,000.The objective of the Roshni society is to help conserve the President's Estate as a model eco-friendly urban habitat. Some of the ways are water conservation, recycling, waste management, checks on air and noise pollution, enhancement of green cover and following an eco-friendly lifestyle. The project was launched in 2008.The logo competition was held in association with the CII's India@75-an outreach programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13859457", "title": "Chief minister, deputy, Pune leaders stay away from mayor's event", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and his deputy Ajit Pawar as well as most city political leaders and corporators stayed away from the inauguration of the two-day programme, 'India Municipal Vision 2020', on Tuesday. The event has been planned by mayor Vaishali Bankar and her husband, Sunil Bankar, with participation of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and a private foundation involved in organising international exhibitions and symposia.Corporators across party lines and a number of civic activists objected to the programme on Tuesday and said that a private organisation was conveniently using the civic body to organise their own professional exhibition.Civic activist Vijay Kumbhar submitted a memorandum to municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak and the mayor asking them that under which rules the PMC had allowed a private company to use the civic platform for a commercial purpose. Kumbhar said, \"A private company is using the PMC and names of the CM and deputy CM for a commercial purpose. The municipal commissioner should probe the entire event and question the people who have forced this upon the civic body.\"The programme was supposed to be attended by the CM, the deputy CM, MP Supriya Sule and urban development department (UDD) secretary Manu Kumar Shrivastava along with many other municipal commissioners and mayors from across India. However, Chavan, Pawar, Sule and Shrivastava skipped the programme, which was inaugurated by minister of state for urban development Bhaskar Jadhav at the Balgandharva Rangmandir. While all party leaders and corporators in the PMC stayed away, mayor of a few cities, like Solapur and Jalgaon, made their presence felt. Moreover, no municipal commissioner, except PMC commissioner Pathak, was present.Bhaskar Jadhav said in his inaugural speech, \"I can't see any party leaders and corporators here. If people's representatives turn their back on such programmes, there is no point in organising these events. The mayor should immediately call upon all the corporators and leaders to attend.\"Bankar said, \"The two-day programme has been organised with the intention of creating awareness and bringing in new vision to municipal officials. This will definitely help the city. The PMC is not giving any financial assistance to the private company which has organised the event.\"Earlier, all party corporators, including deputy mayor Deepak Mankar, questioned Sunil Bankar and asked him why all party leaders were not taken into confidence before the programme was organised.Meanwhile, various companies were invited to put up their stalls at the venue of the programme. However, the seminars were restricted to selected invitees and citizens were not allowed to participate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13859307", "title": "Labour scarcity forces vineyards to use machines", "text": "NASHIK: Labour scarcity in the district has made grape-growers turn to mechanisation for the pruning and dipping of grapes. Some grape-growers have resorted to the use of electrostatic machines which not only saves labour cost of labourers, but time as well.Vijay Gadakh, president, Nashik District Grape-growers Association (NDGA), said, \"In grape farming, there are two important stages - pruning and dipping, which has to be done on time. But, it becomes difficult due to non-availability of labourers. Hence, we have started mechanisation of pruning and dipping. Grape-growers have started buying (individually and in groups) electrostatic machines which are very useful for both pruning and dipping. Around 30 acres are covered in a day by just one machine. Around eight to nine such machines are already operational in the district, so far.\"Gadakh added that in mechanical pruning, spraying is done in the flowering stage. \"The berries which get sprayed grow properly and do not need manual pruning. We can get the standard grape size of 18 mm by mechanical pruning. In case of manual pruning, it requires 10-12 labourers per acre for three-four days and that costs around Rs. 11-12,000 per acre. But, in case of mechanical pruning, it takes only 30 minutes for one acre and save around 30% of the cost.\"Grapes need around three dippings in one season and it requires 10 labourers per acre. It is then completed in one-and-a-half days manually. But in case of mechanisation, there is no need of dipping, but requires spraying only and is accomplished in 30 minutes per acre. \"Though the electrostatic machine is expensive, costing Rs. 15 lakh, it is affordable if bought by groups. We are also trying to get a subsidy for it. and recently met union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on the issue. He has directed National Research Centre (NRC) to study the machines and submit a report,\" Gadakh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13859259", "title": "Fake I-T sleuths held, Rs 33L recovered", "text": "CHENNAI: A timely tip-off from an ex-convict has led to the arrest of five men who posed as income tax officers and escaped with Rs 43 lakh from a department store owner's house in Tiruvottiyur on May 22, police said on Tuesday. A hunt is on for three more persons involved in the crime.The appearance and a scar on the lip of the kingpin R Murugan, which had been mentioned in the victim's complaint, helped them narrow down on the accused at a hotel in Sathyamangalam, police said. Initially, the suspicion was on the ex-convict who is bald but he revealed the involvement of Murugan as he was once part of the gang, police said.Based on Murugan's confession, police nabbed his accomplices \u2014 N Jayavelu, 42, of Ernavoor, R Karthikeyan, 34, of Thanjavur, L Vijayendran alias Sasi, 32, of Kumbakonam and K Maharaja alias Raja, 23, \u2014 and recovered Rs 33 lakh and a Chevrolet Tavera (TN-07 AG 3887).On May 22, four well-dressed men in a Tavera stopped before the house of P Kanagaraj, 55, at Ambedkar Nagar in Tiruvottiyur. They told the residents they were income tax officers and asked them to switch off their mobile phones. Later, they conducted a 'search' and left with the Rs 43 lakh they found saying it was not accounted for. They left behind 125 sovereigns of gold jewellery. Based on a complaint from Kanagaraj, a case was registered and special teams launched a hunt\"Murugan was involved in similar offences in Kangeyam, Kadaladi, Chengam, Polur, Karaikal and Nagapattinam as well as an offence in Purasaiwalkam in Chennai,\" additional commissioner of police (law and order) P Thamaraikannan told a press conference on Tuesday.He had been staying in a rented house at Nehru Nagar in Ennore for the past one year and hatched the plan after his friend Jayavelu, employee of a firm located opposite the victim's house, informed him about Kanagaraj's financial transactions. \"They (the gang members) kept tab on his movements before striking,\" said an investigating officer. After the incident at Kanagaraj's houce Murugan reportedly concealed Rs nine lakh in a bucket at his rented house in Ennore and fled to Sathyamangalam with Rs 1 lakh, a police officer said.After being nabbed in connection with a similar offence in 2003, Murugan served a term in the Salem jail where he befriended Vijayendran alias Sasi, police said. \"Murugan, a school dropout, always kept changing his accomplices to evade arrest,\" said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858568", "title": "Key meet on chief information commissioner's post today", "text": "MUMBAI: Former chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad, ex-BMC commissioner Subodh Kumar and ex- additional chief secretary U C Sarangi are among the top contenders for the chief information commissioner's post.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has convened a meeting in this regard on Wednesday. Besides Chavan, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and leader of opposition, Eknath Khadse, are members of the selection committee.The other contenders are acting chief information commissioner Bhaskar Patil, Aurangabad information commissioner D B Deshpande, former additional chief secretary Ramesh Kumar , retired bureaucrat Leena Mehendale, ex-chief secretary J P Dange and ex-additional chief secretary B P Pandey. . The chief minister was at the receiving end for inordinate delay in the appointment of the chief information commissioner. A week ago, Khadse personally called on Chavan and pointed out that discontent is brewing up amongst RTI activists following the failure of the government to appoint a regular chief information commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13859768", "title": "Dara Singh's wife wants trial shifted to another court", "text": "JAIPUR: Sushila Devi - wife of Dara Singh, who was killed in an alleged fake encounter, filed an application in the district and sessions court on Tuesday requesting that the entire trial in the case be transferred to some other court, her lawyer SS Punia said.The lawyer claimed in the application that the court ignored evidence while discharging BJP leader Rajendra Rathore. Sushila Devi said that she did not believe she would get justice if the trial continued in the district and sessions court, Punia added. The application was deferred for hearing on June 11.According to Punia, the sessions court had taken into consideration evidence against Rathore while discharging him in the case which should not have been done.\"Besides, in its order, judge PC Jain only referred to three citations given by prosecution during charge hearing, though a total of 10 citations were given. The seven citations were completely ignored by the court in its order,\" said Punia.He added that in another application to the Rajasthan High Court's vigilance registrar, Sushila Devi has requested an investigation into the conduct of the judge who discharged Rathore.\"In our complaint application, we have demanded an examination of the trial judge's mobile records and his wealth as we suspect him of being involved in an unethical conduct during the trial in Dara Singh case,\" Punia added.Meanwhile, the hearing on the bail application filed by suspended IG A Ponnuchami who is also an accused in the matter was deferred to June 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13860479", "title": "Asma Jahangir: Pakistani agencies trying to kill me", "text": "LAHORE: Leading rights activist Asma Jahangir has said she has received information that Pakistan's powerful security establishment is planning to carry out a &quot;murderous attack&quot; on her, prompting civil society groups to condemn the threat to her life.Jahangir, who is also a leading lawyer and campaigner for democracy, told TV news channels about the threats to her life late on Monday. She said a credible source had informed her about a \"murderous attack\" planned on her by state agencies , following which she had restricted her movements and decided to remain at home. She contended that the plan to kill her had been hatched at the \"highest level\" of state agencies, which were apparently angered by her efforts to highlight human rights violation by security forces in the restive province of Balochistan.Jahangir also provided details of what she said were steps taken against her by Pakistan's intelligence agencies . She alleged when a group of lawyers recently tried to book a venue for a meeting in which she was to participate, they were barred from doing so by the Inter-Services Intelligence agency.On another occasion, some lawyers detained two persons who were part of a group that tried to attack her at a court complex, Jahangir said. \"One of these persons had an Intelligence Bureau identity card and the other had an ISI card,\" she told a TV channel. Jahangir has at the forefront of campaigns to protect the oppressed and democracy .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13858669", "title": "Hatia Congress candidate banks on brother's work", "text": "RANCHI: The price escalation of essential commodities and hike in petrol price have left the Congress high and dry in the Hatia assembly byelection when campaigning for the bypoll is at its peak. The election is scheduled for June 12.With a week left for the poll, Congress candidate Sunil Sahay is now asking for vote from the electorate in lieu of the welfare work done by Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay , also the Lok Sabha MP from Ranchi. The minister is also the elder brother of the Congress candidate.Sunil who has also been the official representative of the MP admits that most of the voters in the constituency know him primarily because of his relation with the minister. \"In the past eight years, I have been his official representative and ensured maximum execution of welfare projects - be it construction of community hall, public toilets, drains and roads,\" Sunil said while campaigning in Doranda of the constituency on Tuesday.A Congress leader close to the Sahay family said whatever vote the party would get would be because of the tourism minister's effort. \"No one can think of getting vote after the hike in price of petrol by Rs 7.50 per litre by the Centre. We expect that the voters living in the colonies of the Heavy Engineering Corporation (HEC) and on encroached land of the company will definitely vote for the Congress as he has not only struggled for revival of the company but also to stop the anti-encroachment drive last year,\" said the Congress leader.On the other hand, the BJP is on the offensive and is trying to nail the Congress for inflation and price rise especially increase in price of petrol.State president Dineshanand Goswami, who was on a padyatra with former BJP legislator Ravindra Rai, said the voters of Hatia would not forgive the Congress. \"In the past eight years, price of almost every essential commodity including rice, wheat, cooking oil, sugar, petrol and diesel has increased two to three time. Standard quality rice which was available for around Rs 9 per kilogram now cost around Rs 30 per kilogram. Similarly petrol which was Rs 33 per litre in 2004 (under the NDA government at the Centre) now costs around Rs 70 per litre. We are sure that voters of Hatia will not forgive the Congress,\" said Goswami.BJP candidate Ramji Lal Sharda, who has represented the constituency thrice in the past and lost the election by 25 votes in 2009, is sure that electorate of Hatia will give me another chance. \"This time I will win by a handsome margin because people of Jharkhand, especially the voters of Hatia, have understood the Congress,\" said Sharda.The BJP is also planning a telephonic address of chief minister Arjun Munda to voters over the next few days as he cannot move out of his residence because of injury in the chopper crash last month. \"We are working out the details and expect that within a couple of days, the chief minister will address the voters of Hatia assembly in few public meetings over the telephone,\" said state BJP president.Prominent regional parties, which have given candidates, including Ajsu Party and Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik are also making every effort to allure voters by criticizing national parties. Candidate of a regional party is trying to allure voters by arranging lunch for its supporters almost every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13857602", "title": "Housing societies flood Ahmedabad Municipal Commission with fund pleas", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The civic body is inundated with a flood of applications claiming for a portion of the pie \u2014 Rs 100 crore recently sanctioned by the state urban development department. The fund is meant for upgrading civic utilities like streets, water supply and street lights in private housing societies. Seeing the rush the municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra has divided the applications into two phases where applications that reached the AMC till May 31 will be dealt early while the others will be dealt with in the second phase of the programme. As of now the AMC has received close to 2,000 applications from private societies.\"We have already the distributed the funds in different zone. We had received 500 applications from societies in the new west zone, 300 from north zone, 400 from the East zone and close to 50 from south zone. Since the scheme is based on the first come first serve model, we have earmarked funds early. Third party inspections will be involved to ensure quality work. We will have a mechanism in place where people can monitor the progress work too,\" says Mohapatra.Mohapatra claimed that a lot of societies have demanded RCC roads for their colonies. \"This will only be possible if our officers are of the agreement that all civic utilities are laid for the society and no further digging will be witnessed in then near future. In the new west zone 304 societies have requested for RCC roads,\" says Mohapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13859403", "title": "Minister assures striking docs, says lawyers will be booked", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Government Doctors Association, which is supporting the ongoing strike by medical students of five government hospitals, including three in the city, is now debating whether to persuade the medicos to withdraw the agitation.The move followed a promise on Tuesday by health minister VS Vijay to urge police to register a case against the four lawyers who assaulted a postgraduate student on Friday last, under the Tamil Nadu Hospital Protection Act, 2008.The students, however, said they would continue the strike until the lawyers were arrested. Talks between doctors and students were continuing till late in the night.Earlier in the day, some government doctors wore black badges while on duty. Patient care and services in outpatient wards were affected as a majority of the postgraduate students and house surgeons didn't report for work.The health minister met the association's representatives at the Trichy Government College Hospital and promised to discuss their concerns with chief minister J Jayalalithaa on June 12.\"I did not want to press more charges against the lawyers as we thought it may worsen the problem. On the other hand, I know there is security concern for government doctors due to overcrowding. I have myself worked in these wards. I told them we will beef up security at the hospital. We want the doctors to convince students to withdraw the strike,\" said Vijay.Meanwhile, more students from government medical colleges, including those in Coimbatore, Madurai and Tirunelveli, joined the strike. Discussions on the whether to continue the strike was on till late on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859099", "title": "Congress, TDP role in Vanpic scam too under scanner", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI)'s declaration in trial court on Tuesday about how several landowners who lost their land to the controversial Vanpic project are now coming forward to depose before it means that the silence of the current Congress regime in not responding to the farmers and the previous TDP dispensation's move to engage directly with foreign players are set to now come under the scanner.While opposing the bail petition of former minister Mopidevi Venkataramana in the trial court on Tuesday, CBI said that several farmers were willing to depose before it over the manner in which their land was taken away for the Vanpic project.When a petition was filed five years back in the high court by Vanpic land losers urging that the state government's contract with the state of Ras-Al Khaimah (RAK) be declared as invalid (since such agreements can be entered into by the Centre alone), the court asked the state government to file its counter on the issue.The petition also challenged RAK's decision to appoint Nimmagadda Prasad as its Indian partner and give him a free hand. Later, Prasad played havoc with the system and brought in a company, Navayuga, by reducing RAK's share. He also violated all norms by taking over huge tracts of land, the CBI has contended.The petitioners challenged RAK's indifference in entering into an agreement with the state government and then leaving the whole thing in the hands of an unscrupulous individual. They urged the court to declare the agreement as dubious and invalid.In its response, the high court had asked the state government to file its counter to the contentions raised by the farmers. However, the state government, including the current one headed by Kiran Kumar Reddy, is yet to file its counter.\"The CBI can probe the indifference of this regime as well as the decision of the previous TDP regime to enter into an agreement with a foreign player,\" sources said.There are other irregularities as well that are being probed by CBI. For example, the state government had ensured the illegal transfer of 28,000 acres of land in the name of firms floated by Prasad. However, when it realized that the Acts governing assigned lands do not allow sale to aliens, the YSR regime brought in two amendments to the AP assigned land (prohibition of transfer) Act to ensure that the ownership could be transferred.And, when high court stayed these amendments following separate petitions filed by several farmers, the state government went to the extent of filing a counter urging the court to vacate the stay.\"This exposes the double standards of the state government; it should be probed by CBI,\" said senior counsel Bojja Tarakam.Meanwhile, the trial court is slated to pronounce its order on Mopidevi's bail plea on June 7.Kakinada MLA quizzed in Jagan assets caseHYDERABAD: The CBI on Tuesday questioned Kakinada MLA Dwarampudi Chandrasekhara Reddy in the Jaganmohan Reddy disproportionate assets case. Chandrasekhara is also a director in Janani Infra which developed and owns the Sakshi media company's offices and premises across the state. The agency also questioned Sajjala Ramakrishna Reddy, editorial director of Sakshi and auditor Vijay Sai Reddy . It is learnt that Jagan's friend Sukhesh Gupta, the proprietor of MBS jewelers, was also questioned by the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13859556", "title": "Rural areas score better than urban counterparts", "text": "LUCKNOW: Students from rural districts of the state made their presence felt on the educational landscape, as they came out with flying colours in the UP board class XII examinations, the results of which were declared on Tuesday. Securing 96.2% marks, Abhilasha Yagyaseni and Apoorva Verma of Barabanki jointly shared the first position in the state. With 95.2%, the second place was secured by Pooja Gautam, again from Barabanki. Unnao boy, Ashutosh Singh who studied in Lucknow remained the boy's topper securing 94.2%.Keeping up with the last year trend, rural districts emerged out to be the toppers in terms of pass percentage. In fact, the top 10 districts with highest percentage are not urban districts. The highest overall pass percentage of 96.12% was recorded by Bhadohi, followed by Jaunpur and Sitapur, which recorded with an overall pass percentage of 95.68% and 95.52% respectively. Lalitpur secured 95.45%. The difference between Maharajganj and Balrampur was very narrow, as the former scored 95.13%, while the latter clicked 95.01%. Similarly, Ambedkar Nagar with 94.89%, Bagpath with 94.81%, Hamirpur with 94.57% and Rae Bareli with 94.35% completed the top 10 chart. Of the 75 districts, Mathura remained at the bottom with merely 67.05% of students passing the board exams.Surprisingly, in urban areas, Lucknow recorded a massive dip from number 14 in 2011 to 45 this year. Here, the pass percentage stood at 90.30%. Allahabad that was at 10{+t}{+h} position last year slipped to 19 this year with an overall pass percentage of 93.69%. The pass percentage in Varanasi and Kanpur is 92.88% and 86.90% respectively.Talking to TOI, secondary education director Basudev Yadav said, \"Parents living in remote areas are more sincere and clear in their thoughts than those living in urban areas. They know that education alone could provide any sort of salvation from poverty. Aspirations of students from rural areas are much higher than their urban counterparts.\"Yadav said that the overall pas percentage in the state has jumped significantly - from 80.14% in 2011 to 89.40% this year. Secondary education officials added that it is after a gap of nine years that the overall pass percentage of students registered such a steep rise. It was in 2004 that the pass percentage increased to 89.50% from 70.51% recorded in 2003. This year, the male students pass percentage rose by an impressive 14.2%, while that of girls saw a modest increase of 4.76%.Board of High School and Intermediate Education conducted the class XII exams from March 16 to April 20 and the evaluation was done from April 26 to May 10. As many as 26.07 lakh candidates appeared for the exam, of which, 14.80 lakh were male and 11.27 lakh were female.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13859193", "title": "Starved of funds, Nashik zilla parishad's water projects left high and dry", "text": "NASHIK: A lack of funds to carry out major and minor repairs for water storage or percolation tanks to be executed under the minor irrigation department of the zilla parishad (ZP) has resulted in a loss of 1546 million cubic feet of water (MCFT) from 346 projects which could have irrigated 9,072 hectares of land.It has been more than four years that these repair projects have failed to get proper attention from the concerned department.\"The Nashik ZP proposed to the state government under the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY) that the maintenance of 346 works will cost Rs 48.03 crore. This was sent to the government in March, and it is very unlikely that the grant would be available before Diwali at the very least,\" a senior official from the minor irrigation department said.The department is responsible for carrying out irrigation projects from 0 to 100 hectares of land under which the schemes are handed over to the local sector of the irrigation department.A number of such schemes, aimed at increasing percolation of water into the ground to help farming activity and recharge ground-water levels, are planned, but want of funds becomes the stumbling block in the implementation of such water-enhancing projects.The ZP has proposed maintenance of 189 works at the cost of Rs 9.87 crores to upgrade water storage capacity to 955.79 MCFT for the year 2013-14.According to an official from the department, places like Sinnar and Nandgaon - included in Nashik (East) - which are facing acute water shortage would have strongly benefited from these projects had they been in use.At present most of the projects - partially or completely damaged - store water for p to 50 % of their capacity only and dry down even before the water from them can be utilized.These storage projects if not well maintained could results in leakages which consequently leads to water loss.\"The water stored in these projects should help maintain supply till January, but at present it is not available beyond November. Had there been funds available regularly (ranging between 4 and 20 years), the water situation in places like Sinnar or Nandgaon would have been better,\" an engineer at sub-division level said on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13860123", "title": "Sky overcast, but no rain", "text": "LUDHIANA: An overcast sky and dust storm pumped hopes of a pleasant evening on Tuesday, however, residents were left disappointed as high velocity winds blew over the city and dispersed the clouds. Longing for some respite from the extreme heat, residents said they will keep looking out for any signs of rain.Sounding some good news, Kulwinder Kaur Gill, associate agrometeorologist at PAU, said light showers are expected in the next two days. ''There will be more dust storms and high velocity winds also in the next 48 hours. On Tuesday evening the wind blew at 45 km per hour between 4.30pm and 6pm. Maximum temperature on Tuesday was 41 degree celsius but is likely to fall in the next two days and be about 37 degrees,'' she said.Ranveer Singh, a businessman from Sarabha Nagar, said, ''The sky was cloudy since Friday morning and turned very dark around 4pm. We expected rain to lash the boiling city and cool it down a little. Instead the heavy wind blew away the clouds and with it dashed our hopes. However, I hope there will be some relief soon as the sky still has some touch of clouds.''Joshi Nagar-resident Reena Kapoor, a teacher, said, ''We are very disappointed that the wind blew away the rain which would have brought some respite. We are praying that God will cause a heavy shower on our city.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13859046", "title": "2 held in crackdown on spurious liquor", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Road police have seized a stock of spurious liquor and equipment used to bottle such liquor under reputed brand names. The action was taken in the Jakori area of Nashik Road, near Sinnar Phata. At around 5.30pm on Monday, the Nashik Road police acted on a tip-off and barged into a shanty on a plot belonging to Raju Jagle in Jakori village and recovered seven bottles of 750ml each and another 48 bottles of 180ml each of Royal Select Deluxe Whisky (Indian Made Foreign Liquor).The police also recovered labels of Bagpiper Whisky, caps of different types of whisky bottles, empty liquor bottles and also equipment to seal the caps on whisky bottles. Kishore Chauria (32) of Subhash Road, Nashik Road, and Santosh Salve (29) of Pawar Wadi have been arrested in this regard while Santosh Borade is absconding, the Nashik Road police said. The police have also seized a car worth Rs 50,000 in which empty cartons of whisky bottles, labels and caps were kept. The Police informed that the accused were apparently involved in preparing fake liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859437", "title": "Man held for raping minor", "text": "KOLKATA: A man in his late 30s was arrested from Shandapura village in West Midnapore's Mohonpur on Tuesday for allegedly raping a 14-year-old girl a couple of weeks back. After committing the crime, the accused - Prana Krishna Chandra - allegedly threatened the victim that he would tell her parents about her affair with a boy in the village. However, the victim lodged a complaint with Mohonpur police station immediately. She also made a confessional statement before a court under section 164 of CrPC on May 23.Sources said Chandra had seen the victim, a Class VIII student of a local school, with her neighbour Rabindra Jana. \"Jana, a Class X student of another local school, was having an affair with the victim for over a year,\" said sources.On Tuesday, the victim and her father, a daily labourer, visited the CPI's Paschim Banga Mahila Samity office and lodged a complaint with its district secretary Bharati Rana, who later took them to the West Midnapore SP. The SP referred them to the additional SP Kalyan Mukherjee before whom the victim's father filed a written complaint against both Chandra and Jana. The victim reportedly wanted Jana to marry her. \"She also demanded Jana's arrest. Both Jana and the victim, incidentally, are minors,\" said police sources.Later, officials from Mohonpur police station arrested Chandra. The additional SP said the victim had named Chandra as the accused in her confessional statement, where there was no mention of Jana. The Mohonpur IC has been told to probe the complaint against Jana, Said Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "13858905", "title": "Hearing on petro coke plant today", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Despite strong opposition from locals and farmers, authorities have decided to go ahead with the public hearing on Wednesday for a new calcined petroleum coke plant and a 25 MW power plant at Chatametta in Rambilli mandal close to Atchyutapuram SEZ. Hyderabad-based company Sanvira Industries is planning to set up the 4.60 lakh tonne capacity coke plant.The environment impact assessment (EIA) report is vague on the release of highly polluting gases and other chemicals in the air, K Babu Rao of Movement for People Centered Development (MPCD), said. He said during the production of petroleum coke, the plant would generate pollutants. The company has not talked about the availability of raw material green coke for the plant, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13860149", "title": "Rap is Kunal\u2019s way to discover himself", "text": "LUDHIANA: For Kunal Marjara, a 19-year-old rap artist from the city, rap is not just a series of words rambled on beats and bass but a means to discover his own self. The young rapper says he has already been gathering attention on the cyber space with his songs receiving thousands of hits on video sharing website YouTube.Kunal, who has performed several times with his friends in Chandigarh, dreams of becoming an internationally renowned rapper some day.The New Sarabha Nagar extension resident says, ''I started singing raps in 2009 and it made me feel good about my self. So, I continued exploring the art on my own.''As a rapper, Kunal is known as 'The Justin' and Bohemia, Eminem and Honey Singh are the rappers he idealizes. He also makes it a point to clarify that the true rap's soul is its lyrics. ''I ensure to base all my raps on meaningful lyrics,'' he adds.'Ludhianvis Rockers', 'Too Hai Wahee', 'Tera Shehar' and 'Ride It' are his four raps Kunal has posted on YouTube and is working on his album 'Love Piostic', which will include his seven rap songs and would be released in July this year. ''One of the videos for the albums was recently shot in Shimla while the others are still under production,'' he says.Kunal says he has recorded the raps for this album at a friend's studio in Panchkula, Haryana. One his friends and a fan, Rishabh Jain, 19, says, ''I have not missed even a single performance of his and I have no doubt he would be a super star some day.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13859293", "title": "Notice to Adgaon resident over mobile tower erection", "text": "NASHIK: Based on complaints from residents of Saraswati Nagar near Adgaon, the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) town planning department has issued a notice to the owner of a bungalow over the erection of a mobile tower.Residents said that mobile towers were not permitted in residential areas but the home owner had flouted the norms.Sachin Ahire, a resident said that the tower was erected within five days and the residents of the colony were not taken into confidence by the owner of the bungalow, Munish Sharma.\"The NMC does not give permission to erect mobile towers in residential areas unless the company gets no objection certificate (NOC) from the residents and the NMC. It then needs to seek formal permission from the NMC. We have not issued any NOC (no objection certificate) on the tower's erection. This is why residents raised an objection gave it in writing to the NMC and the Adgaon police station,\" said Shekhar Shrivastav, a resident of Saraswati Nagar, near Adgaon.Ahire and Shrivastav said that when the colony's residents asked Sharma to produce the NMC's permission letter, he did not have any official document. They said that the labourers worked during the nights and constructed the tower within five days. \"When we asked him what he was getting constructed he said it was a water tank,\" said Shrivastav.When contacted, deputy engineer of the town planning department confirmed that a notice has been served to the owner of the building.Sharma, however, refuted all charges and said that he had given permission to the mobile tower company Index Towers. He said it was his bungalow so no one had the right to complain. \"I did receive the NMC's notice on June 5. I have informed the company and have asked them to deal with the matter. I am not concerned with it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13863143", "title": "Google: 50% car buyers search online before purchase", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 50 per cent of car buyers from the main urban centres research online before walking into a showroom, a Google survey said.Besides, on an average a car buyer spends 9 to 12 weeks researching before zeroing in on his final choice, the study carried out by AC Nielsen for the internet giant said.The study was carried out across the top eight cities involving 2,791 respondents between January and February.Interestingly, the survey also reveals that of those who research online, over half of them change their choice of brand after coming across new information on the Web.According to the survey, queries relating to SUVs grew the fastest on a year-on-year basis, followed by premium cars, sedans, luxury cars and hatchbacks.Most car buyers also rated OEMs (original equipment manufacturers) websites as the most important and trustworthy sources of information, says the survey.According to the study, of the 50 per cent respondents who went online, as much as 42 per cent said they used search engine as the first source of information, just behind the opinions of friends and relatives.It also says they used the Web to research and compare prices, watch online videos and find images, do competitive analysis, find dealer contacts and read both expert and user reviews.Commenting on the survey findings, Google India vice president and managing director Rajan Anandan said: \"The off-line study substantiates the growing number of auto-related searches we have seen on Google.\"Auto is the fastest growing vertical in terms of queries on Google, he said, adding most OEMs have not yet tapped the full potential of the digital medium and Google hopes the study will help them to understand and engage the customers online in a more productive manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13857667", "title": "US eye on Asia: Panetta to give boost to defence talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and the US on Tuesday began talks to step up their bilateral strategic and defence cooperation, which comes in the backdrop of the drawdown of international security forces from Afghanistan as well as China's growing assertiveness especially in the contentious South China Sea.While the substantive delegation-level talks between defence minister AK Antony and his counterpart Leon Panetta are slated for Wednesday, the visiting US defence secretary met PM Manmohan Singh and national security advisor Shivshankar Menon soon after landing here on Tuesday afternoon.Panetta has arrived in India at a time when the Obama administration is talking about a strategic shift towards Asia, which even extends to shifting the bulk of the American naval fleet to the Asia-Pacific region by 2020, with an eye firmly on China. Washington would like New Delhi to be a potentially pivotal partner in this endeavour.While India wants to position itself as \"neutral\" in this geopolitical power play, it is certainly wary of the rapidly-modernizing People's Liberation Army and its long-term intentions. In the backdrop of China's aggressive behavior in South China Sea, impinging on the territorial claims of countries like Taiwan, Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia and Singapore, both Antony and Panetta in recent days have stressed the critical need to ensure the freedom of navigation and passage in international waters.On the Afghanistan front, the US has already made it clear that it wants India to play a more active role in the war-torn country over and above the around $2 billion New Delhi has already committed to rebuilding it. Pakistan remains strongly opposed to any such enhancement in India's role in the strategically-located Afghanistan.On the bilateral front, India continues to remain ``unconvinced'' about the benefits of the \"foundational\" military pacts like the Logistics Support Agreement (LSA), Communication Interoperability and Security Memorandum Agreement (CISMOA) and Basic Exchange and Cooperation Agreement for Geo-Spatial Cooperation (BECA) that the US has been pushing for the last several years.But the US is going great guns as far as defence deals are concerned. India, for instance, is now close to inking $647 million contract for the acquisition of 145 M-777 ultra-light howitzers from the US in a direct government-to-government deal under the Foreign Military Sales (FMS) programme.Boeing is also set to bag the $1.4 billion contract to supply 22 missile-armed helicopter gunships to the IAF after its AH-64D Apache Longbow outperformed Mil Moscow Helicopter Plant's Mi-28N `Night Hunter' in the field trials, as reported by TOI earlier.Despite having lost out in the almost $20 billion MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project to supply 126 fighters to IAF, the US has already notched up military sales worth over $8 billion to India over the last decade.These include the big-ticket ones like $4.1 billion for 10 C-17 Globemaster-III strategic airlift aircraft, $2.1 billion for eight P-8I maritime patrol aircraft and $962 million for six C-130J `Super Hercules'' planes. Negotiations are being finalized for acquiring six more C-130J as well as four more P-8I aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859142", "title": "Filmfare awards on July 7", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 59th Idea Filmfare Awards 2011 (South) presentation will take place in Chennai on July 7.More than 451 films from Telugu, Tamil, Kannada and Malayalam will vie for the coveted honours in various categories. The nominees to win the Black Lady, which is the Filmfare trophy, in the different categories will be selected through public voting.Addressing a press conference here on Tuesday, Tarun Rai, chief executive officer, Worldwide Media pointed that the number of movies made in the four south Indian languages were four times the number of those made in Hindi. \"That is how big the size of the film industry is in the south,\" he said.The awards this year would be presented at the Sports Development Authority of Tamil Nadu Stadium at Chennai. \"It will be a spectacular show,\" Tarun Rai said. He said music maestro A R Rahman was the recipient of the 2500th Black Lady at the 57th India Filmfare Awards (Hindi) held in January this year.Actor Rana Daggubati, who has acted in both Telugu and Hindi movies, described a Filmfare award as one that carried great honour. He himself had bagged one as a debutant actor in the awards given away last year. Actress Deeksha Seth said every actor dreams of bagging a Filmfare award. She said the awards ceremony presented an opportunity for people from all the four languages come together and celebrate.Idea Cellular chief operating officer (COO), Andhra Pradesh , B Ramakrishna said the company had got associated with the Filmfare awards as it believed in recognising the champions among actors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13860906", "title": "It was just monsoon burst in Mangalore: Indian meteorological department", "text": "MANGALORE: Continuous downpour in the last 24 hours has brought down temperatures in the city. However, the downpour was not part of monsoon, according to the Indian meteorological department.\"It was a monsoon burst. We say monsoon has arrived when some criterion like wind speed and thunder activity are met. The wind speed right now is 10 nautical miles and during monsoon it should go upto 32 nautical miles,'' said Puttanna B, director, IMD, Bangalore.The Panambur weather observatory recorded 61 mm of rainfall in the 24 hours ending 8.30am on Tuesday.\"The region has been receiving isolated rainfall. Monsoon is when most places get rain,'' he added.Coastal Karnataka will get about 96% to 100% of the expected average rain of 3,083 mm in the next four months.\"The rainfall will be maximum in the next two months and reduce later,'' he added.During the monsoon, wind speed is expected to reach 50-60 kmph along and off Karnataka coast and the sea condition will be rough to very rough. Fishermen have also been advised not to venture into open sea. He also said that heavy to very heavy rainfall would occur in isolated places over the coast in the next 48 hours where the rainfall will exceed 65 mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13859452", "title": "Idols stolen from temple in Kanathur", "text": "CHENNAI: Unidentified persons stole two idols from a temple in Kanathur during power cut on Monday night.Idols of Lord Balakrishnan and Goddess Lakshmi were stolen from the Puri Jaganathan temple. They were decked up for the temple festival, scheduled to be held on June 21. Based on a complaint from the temple priest Arul Prakash, police registered a case.Three men who were spotted moving suspiciously near the temple have been missing from the area since the incident took place, police said.\"We are trying to identify the persons and have launched a manhunt for them. They might have stolen the idols believing that they were were made of panchaloha. We are also checking the lodges in the locality,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "rawala village (amravati)", "code": "13860735", "title": "Innovative farming did the trick", "text": "RAWALA VILLAGE (AMRAVATI): Vasant Futane is a farmer with a difference. He is completely into organic farming since 1982, growing grains, vegetables and fruits. But the urge in him to do something creative prompted him to do something really innovative.He brought mango seeds from all over the country \u2014 not the grafted ones, but the desi varieties \u2014 and grew them as trees. In the hot and non-irrigated land of Rawala village, in Amravati where Futane practised his farming, some survived, others didn't. However, real innovation began when he decided to develop these into special varieties. He cross pollinated the mango varieties and in the process, created some marvellous trees that bore mangoes having a unique smell, taste and size. That was the beginning of a success story and an experimentation no one else has apparently tried so far.\"I was in no hurry so I concentrated on the experiment of cultivating mangoes using only seedlings. I would plant four seeds at one place and continue with the best one after germination. Now I have developed about 40 varieties, almost ten very good ones. They will live for hundreds of years and that is my contribution for my future generations,\" says Futane. His sons, Vinay and Chinmay, have followed in his footsteps and work on the 35 acres of land at their disposal. The mango orchard covers only six acres of this land.His wife Karuna's initial efforts with Futane has resulted in the family enjoying this success. \"We don't publicise our work. But people have heard about our produce, and come by \u2014even from neighbouring states \u2014 to buy our mangoes. We never sell anything in the market. Instead, the market or the buyer comes to us. Our prices are not very high. Yet it is we who decide the price of our produce and not the market,\" she says with a visible sense of pride.Futane had to also add modern horticulture methods like grafting into his cultivation practices for commercial reasons. Since the past few years, he also has grafted Kesar, Rajapuri Ratna, Sardar and Langda variety of mangoes. \"I took up grafting only for economic reasons. But I did not compromise on my ideology of only doing organic farming. All grafted varieties are also organic. Truly speaking, they are better than their non-organic counterparts. That's the reason I get orders for Kesar and Rajapuri from Pune, Mumbai and even Konkan,\" he says.Futane's farm is an ideal example of a self-sufficient sustainable agriculture system where they buy nothing from the market. They grow just enough wheat, rice, vegetables and even oil crops like groundnut to meet the family's needs and are happy and content. Their annual turnover is just Rs 2.5 lakh from 25-50 quintals of mangoes, earning them a profit of Rs 1.5 lakh.The Futanes also do not believe in getting the produce certified as 'organic' as they feel their thirty years of experience in following organic cultivation is certification in itself. \"Who will certify? Agencies which are not even thirty years old?\" asks Chinmay. Point noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859629", "title": "Mamata pulls up ministers at Cabinet meeting", "text": "KOLKATA: It was not an easy sailing for ministers Sabitri Mitra, Ujjwal Biswas and Shyama Pada Mukherjee at the cabinet meeting on Tuesday, with chief minister Mamata Banerjee giving a piece of her mind to their embarrassment. \"Thik moto kaaj na korle amay bhabte hobey (work properly, else I will have to take some decision),\" the CM told in the meeting asking the laggards to pull up their socks.On Tuesday, food processing and horticulture minister Ujjwal Biswas, social welfare ministers Sabitri Mitra (who handles women development) and Shyama Pada Mukherjee (who looks after child welfare) faced the heat. Banerjee told Biswas that he would have to perform better and the results should show quickly.Mamata was also upset as she did not receive the published budget books of some departments \u2014 food processing and power among others. These would be required when the Assembly session commences in mid-June.Biswas, the food processing minister, said he had told the CM that the book was sent to the press a month back. \"But the machines there were not working, and hence the delay.\" Power minister Manish Gupta refused to comment on anything that was 'discussed at the cabinet meeting'.The CM was reportedly angry with Sabitri Mitra over a short-stay home for destitute women that is being run from the house of an RSP leader in Malda \u2014 the district from where Mitra has been elected. Mamata told her that she needs to have more control over the social welfare homes and also more hold over her departmental works. Mitra told Mamata that she was well aware of the Malda home, but did not want to bother the CM with every single issue.The CM also pointed out the lack of co-ordination between the two wings of social welfare department. The women and child welfare, which were under a single head, were split into two a few months ago, with Shyama Pada Mukherjee given the charge of child development. Mitra was handling the entire department from the beginning. Since it was a single department, the projects, too, were designed like that. \"That's why there is a major overlap or lack of co-ordination in several projects,\" said sources. The CM will meet both Mitra and Mukherjee at the Writers' Buildings on Wednesday to discuss the issue.Rice and funds for Singur landlosers: The state cabinet, on Tuesday, approved the proposal of giving a monthly stipend of Rs 1,000 to the families of landlosers in Singur, who have not accepted compensation cheques, and rice at Rs 2 per kg. The families lost the land for a small car factory. The CM had announced the sop recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13860204", "title": "Queuing up for management courses", "text": "LUDHIANA: With an objective to enable students to create a niche for themselves in the professional world, business administration courses have been the most sought after study programmes. Turning students into seasoned campaigners in the corporate world and making them efficient in controlling official operations is the prime motive of these courses offered at various management institutes.The subjects on offer include accounting, business law and ethics, economics, finance, management information systems, marketing, operations management, organizational behaviour and management, operations research, strategic management. But, the mushrooming of business schools puts aspirants in a dilemma, when it comes to making a right choice.''Many private colleges and institutes that have come up in recent times offering business management courses in the city. What I am looking at is an integrated course, which is offered by only a few B-schools, says Shivangi Gupta from Pakhowal Road.With the Class XII results either already out for some boards or about to be declared by the remaining, city colleges are gearing up for admissions.''The cut-off for BBA was 79% last year and is likely to go higher this year. Business management is a lucrative option which witnesses maximum enrolments every year,'' says Aurobindo College principal R L Behl.While some colleges have started distributing admission forms and course details, others are planning to begin the admission process later this month.Nitin Garg, a Class XII student from Model Town waiting for his state board results, says, ''Coming from a family where business is a tradition, it is obvious I will follow the foot steps of my elders. My priority is to pursue a business management course and my objective would be to hone my skills rather than focussing on getting a job, which would be possible only at a reputed institute.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "shimla/dharamshala", "code": "13860674", "title": "Himachal Road Transport Corporation staff strike cripples transport services", "text": "SHIMLA/DHARAMSHALA: The 24-hour strike called by Joint Coordination Committee of unions of HRTC employees struck work, commuters, including tourists who have thronged the state to escape the summer heat sweeping across the northern plains, had a tough time trying to make alternate arrangements.In Shimla, people were either forced to walk to their destinations or take the overcrowded private buses. They also had the option of taking HRTC taxis plying on sealed roads. A resident of Dummi areas in the periphery of Shimla, Gobind Singh, blamed the authorities for the mess, saying, \"We ferry milk and other products to Shimla and use HRTC buses since private buses do not ply in our area. We had to walk around 36 kms, to and fro, because of the strike.\"According to rough estimates, more than 10,000 commuters use the 275 HRTC buses daily in Shimla. Besides, there are 92 private mini buses, 2,000 private taxis, 75 JNNURM buses, 20 HRTC taxis and a sizeable number of other private vehicles available for travel in Shimla.President of contractual HRTC employees' association and member of JCC, Vidyasagar Sharma said, \"The call for strike has been implemented successfully across the state, including its 23 depots and no employee has reported on duty. The strike has been 100% successful.\" He claimed that in many areas of the state, including Una, Hamirpur, Rekong-Peo and Nalagarh, private bus operators have supported the strike and kept buses off road.Meanwhile, since HRTC did not closed its online booking, people travelling on these tickets from Delhi to Dharamshala were dropped off at the state borders early Tuesday morning. \"We were travelling in HRTC bus on an online ticket from Delhi to Kangra. We boarded the bus on Monday night, but the conductor asked us to get down near Una early Tuesday morning, saying they were on strike from 4am and will not move the bus,\" said Arun Roy, a tourist from Delhi. He said that he and other offloaded passengers had to hire a taxi at an extremely high rate to reach Kangra.Local buses remained overloaded as buses of Haryana and Punjab roadways connecting Delhi-Chandigarh also remained off-roads. Passengers rued the apathy of the government, saying it was aware of the strike yet did not close the online counters. Officials, however, refused to comment on this matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13861062", "title": "Bike-borne youth robs 4 gold chains in two hours", "text": "MYSORE: Within a span of two hours, a chain-snatcher struck at four different localities in the city and decamped with gold chains worth Rs 7 lakh. Police are suspecting that a youth, in his '20s, to be behind all the four cases.Shockingly, all the four incidents happened in broad daylight, and at busy areas. The youth is said to have used a motorbike for the crime. The first incident took place at Adichunchanagiri Road in Kuvempunagar, wherein Leelavathi, 41, was robbed of her 80gram chain. The youth fled the scene after she raised an alarm. Within 30 minutes, another chain snatching was reported from Jayalakshmipuram. The 40gram chain of Pankaja was robbed near Sri Raghavendra Swamy Mutt. Later, the youth struck at Vijayanagar, and decamped with 66-year-old Girija's 60gram chain. In the last incident, 58gram chain of Sujatha was robbed at Gokulam I Stage.Given the description of the miscreant, police are suspecting that that same youth must have struck at all the four places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "guwahati/new delhi", "code": "13859783", "title": "Plan panel approves Rs 10,500 crore outlay", "text": "GUWAHATI/NEW DELHI: The Planning Commission on Tuesday approved Assam' plan outlay of Rs 10,500 crore for the current fiscal, which is over 16% higher than the outlay for the previous fiscal. The state's annual plan for 2012-13 was finalised here on Tuesday at a meeting between the Commission's deputy chairman, Montek Singh Ahluwalia, and chief minister Tarun Gogoi.The CM had proposed an outlay of Rs 14,537.33 crore for the current fiscal, 62.51% higher than the approved outlay of Rs 9,000 crore for 2011-2012. Gogoi said the percentage of increase of overall projected outlay is on the higher side due to enhanced outlay proposed for identified sectoral priorities.During the meeting, Ahluwalia said that Assam needs to focus on improving infrastructure, particularly road connectivity. Besides, land erosion also needs immediate attention.Briefing the Commission of the development strategy, Gogoi said the vision of his government for the 12th Five Year Plan period will be creation of a vibrant and resurgent Assam. \"The endeavour to adopt a policy of comprehensive and effective development to further reduce poverty and economic inequality in the state would continue,\" he added.The CM said in the backdrop of the multiplier effect and the present acceleration trend of the economy, the state would be able to achieve a growth of around 9.38% during the 12th Plan period. In case of sectoral growth, 5.01% growth in agriculture, 12.5% in services and 4.65% in industry is expected, he added.Gogoi said the approach to the 12th Plan would focus on faster, sustainable and more inclusive growth with equity. \"The major thrust areas shall be improvement of the rural economy, which encompasses agriculture and allied sectors, small and medium industries, and removal of imbalances and provision of basic amenities,\" he said.According to the CM, another key area of focus would be strengthening of Panchayati Raj institutions by way of capacity-building and greater devolution of funds to ensure decentralized planned development. \"Human resource development through a skill development mission to provide for avenues of equipping the 'demographic dividend' of employable youths with vocational skills and ensuring gainful employment alongside focusing on upgrade of the entire educational infrastructure would be undertaken,\" Gogoi added.He also said special emphasis has been proposed to social welfare in order to address critical shortcomings in women and child health (nutrition and health care), rural sanitation, women's empowerment and education and development of the girl child. This concerted approach has been encapsulated in the 'Chief Minister's Vision for Women and Children-2016'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13860303", "title": "Human angle for heritage", "text": "The straitjacket around heritage structures is all set to ease up a little. The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) wants to relax some of the stringent conservation laws that govern the structures in the country so that some decent facilities and infrastructure can come up around them. It also wants to involve local residents in the conservation effort.As a test case, ASI has asked Indian National Trust for Art Culture and Heritage (Intach) to formulate new bylaws for 13 important archaeological structures from across the country on the basis of their contextual importance. Two of these structures are in Gujarat - the Sarkhej Roza and the ancient kingdom of Lord Krishna in Dwarka in Jamnagar. They are both associated with water bodies. The new bylaws will apply to similar structures across the country.The Sarkhej Roza is effectively Ahmedabad's womb as it is dedicated to a Sufi saint Sheikh Ahmed Khattu 'Ganj Baksh' . The saint had advised sultan Ahmed Shah to establish a city on Sabarmati banks more than 600 years ago. To support Ahmedabad's bid to become India's first Unesco World Heritage City, TOI had run an intensive campaign for qualitybased development around the Roza about two years ago. A round-table of eminent citizens, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), and directors of prominent education institutes was organized. A total of Rs 6.84 crore worth of projects were sanctioned by AMC. Intach in Gujarat has already started consultations. So far, the straitjacketed approach was applied to monuments protected by ASI under the new Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment and Validation) Act, 2010. An area of 100 metres around the monuments was declared as a prohibited zone while that of 200 metres around was a restricted zone. The new bylaws will not stop merely at buildings, but will also make provisions for streetscapes, civic and tourism infrastructure and public amenities.\"The bylaws will see the monument in the context of its surroundings without meddling with its historicity or integrity. Sarkhej Roza is a living heritage where people are culturally and socially connected to the monument,\" says member of the National Monument Authority (NMA) Meera Das.Times viewThe new by-laws being formulated by the Archaeological Survey of India are a step in the right direction. Ancient monuments cannot be preserved by isolating them from the people who live around them. Any conservation plan should include the community so that the people gain from the preservation effort. Once the local community feels it benefits from the preservation of a particular monument, it will ensure its sanctity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13858554", "title": "Maharashtra native arrested for bike theft", "text": "MARGAO: Razal Abdul Karim, 25, on Tuesday landed into police custody after he was found riding a motorcycle that was reported to have been stolen.Police sources said that the accused was stopped by the police after his behaviour was found to be suspicious.As he failed to produce the documents of the two-wheeler, the police questioned him further leading to the accused admitting to the theft.The police arrested the accused, a native of Miraj, however, the owner of the motorcycle is yet to be traced, police said.Of late, there has been a spurt in the cases of motorcycle thefts in Margao and surrounding areas. Police recovered several stolen two-wheelers in a recent raid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858758", "title": "Mumbai University engineering question paper leak: 14 professors, students, and staffers held", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police's crime branch have arrested 14 people, including two professors of a Karjat college, two laboratory assistants and five students, in connection with the leak of three engineering question papers last month.The test papers of Applied Physics-II and Maths-II for first-year engineering students were leaked hours before the examinations were to commence on May 23 and May 18, respectively. Days later, on May 26, the Basic Electrical and Electronics Engineering (BEEE) paper for ATKT (allowed to keep term) students was leaked in a similar fashion. Now, however, there is a high possibility that over 21,000 first-year engineering students of Mumbai University will have to appear for re-tests.Vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar, in a press conference on Tuesday, apologized to \"all sincere students for the inconvenience caused to them during the course of the exams\" and added that a decision on the re-exam will be taken in a meeting of Board of Examination on June 8.During the same meet will be decided whether action should be taken against colleges whose employees are connected to the leaks. Significantly, Welukar said that the process of examinations, which is blamed as the cause of the leaks and has been followed for several years, will be overhauled and suggestions sent to the university's chancellor, the governor.According to the crime branch, the BEEE paper leaked from a Karjat college while the Applied Physics-II and Maths-II papers leaked from the university's Kalina campus. The papers were first copied by people with access to them and then forwarded to others, who in turn sold it to students\u2014each for a price between Rs 500 and Rs 10,000.On Tuesday, the crime branch produced the 14 arrested accused before 37th Esplanade Metropolitan Magistrate R S Rathod, who remanded them in police custody till June 8. The 14 have been booked under the Maharashtra Prevention of Malpractices (University, Board and other Specified Examinations) Act, 1982, as well as under various sections of the Indian Penal Code for theft and criminal breach of trust.Among the arrested men are Srikant More and Milind Laad, two teachers at Konkan Gyanpeeth Engineering College in Karjat; Sachin Laad and Vivek Gaikwad, lab assistant at Konkan Gyanpeeth and Karjat's Yadavrao Tasgaonkar Institute of Engineering and Technology, respectively. The other accused are Bharat Singh, Paresh Tendulkar, Premchand Kamble and Vikas Ujjanwal\u2014all said to be peons; Ganesh Jadhav, a former employee of Mumbai University; and students Gaurav Talekar, Kiran Labde, Sunil Mohite, Shadab Raut and Milind Musle.While carrying out arrests, the police recovered Rs 40,000 in cash, a hard disk, two mobile phones and scanned copies of exam papers.In the case of the BEEE paper leak, the police first detained Sachin Laad who, as a lab assistant at Konkan Gyanpeeth, works with a senior female professor. The professor, it is claimed, is among the varsity's paper setters. By university rules, she was expected to write down a set of questions on a piece of paper and send it in to the varsity in a sealed envelope.This time, though, she \"asked Sachin Laad to scan and save a copy of the paper on her computer. Laad, after saving the copy, took its printout and passed it on to his friend Vivek Gaikwad from Yadavrao Tasgaonkar Institute. Gaikwad, in turn, passed on the paper to professor Milind Laad, who also runs private coaching classes\", said joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy. Professor Laad gave copies of the paper to students in exchange for money. Simultaneously, Gaikwad passed on copies of the paper to professor Srikant More, who too allegedly sold them to students.\"Milind Laad's students, who purchased the paper at a high rate, sold it to others, including second-year engineering students Milind Musle and Sadab Raut, to recover their costs. Musle and Raut were instrumental in further spreading the paper,\" said senior PI Nand Kishore More.The leaks of Applied Physics-II and Maths-II papers were solved when the crime branch detained a former university employee, Ganesh Jadhav, who was arrested in a paper leak case in 2010 and sacked. During interrogation, Jadhav revealed the name of university peon Bharat Singh. It was then learnt that Singh, who works at the manuscript department, \"stole the papers from the Kalina Campus\" and passed it on to Jadhav. From Jadhav, the paper went to peon Paresh Tendulkar, then to peon Vikas Ujjanwal, and then to peon Premchand Kamble.The papers again were sold to many students, including Musle and Raut. \"They are common to the leaks,\" said additional commissioner of police (crime) Deven Bharti.Welukar said that Kamble and three arrested temporary staffers have been fired. The university, he added, will now review the system of appointing temporary staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13857855", "title": "Govt urged to fix homoeopathy college mess", "text": "NAGPUR: Students and teachers of Nagpur College of Homoeopathy have now taken it upon themselves to sort out the matters afflicting the institute. They have approached the collector with an appeal to tackle the mess. On Friday, they held a rally to the collector office asking the state government to provide the college better administration.Currently, most of the teachers of the college are on strike as they have not received their salaries for long. The students say most classes do not take place and many of those in the final year have not got their completion certificates for want of a teacher's signature. The college management, however, asserted that some staff members were not co-operating due to their personal issues.Earlier homoeopaths from the city had got together and formed the Homoeopathy College Bachao Samiti to save the institution that they fear may shut down if the administration is not changed. \"There is an inquiry by the Ayurveda directorate into the alleged irregularities of the management. We want a government-appointed administrator to run the college until that is completed and have written to the chief minister,\" said Dr SM Thakrey, a professor of the college and the joint secretary of the Samiti. He said the most important thing was to end the students' sufferings.\"Classes are irregular and there is a lot of backlog of the syllabus. With the OPD being shut and no indoor patients as well, we hardly get to learn anything despite having paid the fee for the entire year. Some teachers brought in as replacements of regular teachers are not well-versed in their respective subjects,\" said a student.Trustee G D Panpaliya denied all the charges saying that a CBI inquiry was conducted against him as per the teachers' request and he came out clean. He called the strike by the teachers and staffers illegal, saying that a prolonged absence of more than a month meant these people are no longer a part of the institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13860015", "title": "Alappuzha to set up biogas plants to fight waste issue", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: In a bid to find a permanent solution for the garbage problems, Alappuzha municipality decided to set up biogas plants in all the houses with the support of Suchitwa Mission.This was decided at a meeting held at the municipal office here on Tuesday. Municipal chairperson Mercy Diana Masido presided over the meeting.Councillors and residents association representatives, leaders of various political parties also attended the meeting.After the meeting, Mercy told reporters that two plastic buckets would also be allotted to each house in the 10 wards of the municipality to separate plastic waste and biodegradable waste.\"In the first phase, plastic buckets will be allotted to the families of 10 wards and later the buckets will be allotted to the families of other 40 wards,'' she said.\"The plastic waste will be used for commercial purpose and a training programme will be conducted for Kudumbashree workers to separate plastic and biodegradable waste. A special team constituted by the municipal authorities will meet chief minister Oommen Chandy on Thursday seeking his help for solving the waste problems of the town. The municipality also decided to submit special projects to Suchitwa Mission as an immediate solution for the waste problems of the town,'' Mercy said.However, Youth Congress workers condcuted a march to Alappuzha municipality on Tuesday demanding the resignation of the municipal chairperson.Though the march turned violent, police brought the situation under control. Alappuzha North Police also registered cases against the Youth Congress workers in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "13860913", "title": "70 medicinal saplings planted in Manipal University", "text": "MANIPAL: Manipal University, which has the second best green campus in India, celebrated the World Environment Day on Tuesday by planting 70 medicinal saplings. Of these, 60 were planted in Madhav Vihar and 10 in Kasturba Hospital. Another 900 sapling will be planted over a period of two months. About 600 students participated in an awareness rally flagged off by DC MT Reju on this occasion. He exhorted the students on the importance of eco-friendly environment.The rally, which was started at the university building, proceeded to the amphitheater in Madhav Vihar where they planted saplings. At the amphitheater, MV Kamath, honorary director of Manipal Institute of Communication (MIC) spoke on the significance of saving earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13860061", "title": "Work at Eco Garden was on despite Supreme Court ban", "text": "LUCKNOW: In what may spell trouble for the erstwhile Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) government in Uttar Pradesh, a businessman from Rajasthan has lodged an FIR against two senior officials of a private company accusing them of criminal breach of trust after they allegedly refused to pay him Rs1.7 lakh for supply of red sandstone used in the construction work at Manyavar Kanshi Ram Eco Garden on Jail Road in Lucknow between December 3 and December 7, 2010.While the FIR is against the company which carried out construction work at the eco park, what is damaging for the BSP government is the testimony of the complainant that construction work was under way at the Eco Garden during the period the Supreme Court had put a ban on any construction within the premises of the garden. Not only this, the complainant has also provided the police with documentary evidence in the form of toll tax receipts and weight certificates confirming that seven truck loads of red sandstone was brought from Rajasthan and delivered at the Eco Garden where it was used for the construction of real looking hillocks around water bodies number 2 and 3.The SC bench comprising Justice P Sathasivam and Justice AR Dave, on September 7, 2010 sought an explanation from the then BSP government in UP on the continuation of construction work at the Eco Garden in violation of its earlier order. The bench rejected the plea of the state government that it was constructing boundary walls and public utilities at the sprawling 195 acres park in the city. Now, the documents provided by the Rajasthan businessman will confirm that construction work was indeed being carried out between December 3 and December 7, 2010 - well after the SC hauled up the state government for disobeying its order.The then state government had gone ahead to submit an affidavit claiming that no unauthorized construction work was being carried out at the site except on the boundary wall around the premises as allowed by the court. Earlier, the apex court had on September 8, 2009, and again on November 6, 2009, restrained the state government from carrying out any construction work at the said site including the Eco Garden which has been brought up on 195 acres of land where once stood the Lucknow jail. The petition seeking action against the UP government for contempt of the Supreme Court for carrying out construction work at the site despite clear restriction of the apex court for the same, is pending disposal at present.In his written complaint, Durga Prasad has stated that he got the construction work carried out between December 3 and 7, 2010. The material was transported on truck numbers RJ05 GA 2021 (load weight 43,675kg), RJ05 GA 4628 (load weight 52,385kg), RJ05 GA 1622 (load weight 47,075kg), RJ05 GA 3765 (load weight 48,265kg), RJ05 GA 4665 (load weight 49,625kg), RJ05 GA 4044 (load weight 47,570kg), RJ05 GA 2896 (load weight 52,385kg). Attached with the complaint are receipts of the three different companies from which the red sandstone was purchased, photocopies of weight certificates issued by Paras Digital Dharam Kanta and the documents related to the truck on which the consignment was transferred.The complainant has stated that though a payment of Rs23.68 lakh for the sandstone and Rs6.6 lakh for transportation had released by the BPRIL, when he went to the company for the remaining part of the total amount due - Rs1.7 lakh, managing director Madam Mohan Rao and PM Subramanium refused to pay the balance amount and threatened him of dire consequences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13859387", "title": "Plea against state selling liquor rejected", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Tuesday dismissed a public interest writ petition questioning the state government's direct involvement in retail liquor vending.Dismissing the PIL, the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said: \"We have perused the affidavit filed in support of the writ petition. After hearing the petitioner, and following the ratio laid down by the Supreme Court in Madras City Wine Merchants Association Vs. State of Tamil Nadu in 1994, we do not fine any merit in the petition. It is accordingly dismissed.\"The PIL, filed by social activist Traffic K R Ramaswamy faulted the October 26, 2003 order taking over retail liquor trade in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13859088", "title": "Wine shop of absconding murder accused set on fire", "text": "INDORE: Almost two months after the gruesome murder of the 25-year-old son of an ex-corporator in broad daylight in Banganga area, the wine shop owned by an absconding accused in the case was set on fire in the wee hours of Tuesday.Police received the information about the arson in the morning and since then heavy police force has been deployed in the area to avoid any untoward incident. It is believed that the wine shop owned by the accused, Assu Patel, was burned to register their ire against the police failure in arresting the accused even after two months passed.One Sunny Yadav, son of former Congress corporator KK Yadav, was shot dead on March 31 following a dispute related to a piece of land.Relatives of Yadav had met SSP A Sai Manohar around a month ago and demanded for the arrest of the absconding accused at the earliest. They reportedly warned the police that if the police failed to arrest the accused, they themselves would 'deal' with the situation.Sunny's murder had sent shock waves in the city and a large number of people took to the street protesting the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859406", "title": "Salt Lake plot sale gets legal stamp", "text": "KOLKATA: The transfer of leasehold residential property in Salt Lake has become legal. The proposal got a formal stamp of approval on Tuesday from the state cabinet, chaired by chief minister Mamata Banerjee .The rate of all such transfers - the fee to be paid to the government - has been fixed at Rs 5 lakh per cottah. \"For a long time, we were receiving complaints about illegal transfer of land in the township. Charging a fee for the transfer would bring money to the state coffers,\" a senior minister said after the cabinet meeting. However, this transfer fee won't be charged in case it is between 'blood relations', the minister clarified.It has also been decided that the same will be applicable for plots that have already been sold or transferred. However, it is not yet clear as to how the government will be able to legalize the deals that had taken place earlier. The government expects to raise more than Rs 1,000 crore through this process - regularizing the sale of unsold plots and legalizing the sale that took place earlier.Officials of the Bidhannagar Municipality hailed the move. \"We congratulate the chief minister for taking such a decision. The municipality will also benefit as far as revenues are concerned,\" said municipality's chairman-in-council member Asesh Mukherjee.A section of the residents are not sure about the repercussion of the decision. Bidhannagar Welfare Association secretary Kumar Shankar Sadhu said that they would have to look into the Bill first, before making any comment. \"It is a critical issue. A section of the residents wanted it, while another did not,\" he said.Plots in Salt Lake were leased for a 999-year tenure in the 1970s to enable the middle-class to settle in the township on the condition that the leaseholders cannot transfer their plots. According to the rules that existed for so long, residential plots cannot be sold or transferred as the plot holders are actually lease holders and not owners. Most of the land in Salt Lake belongs to the urban development department, but the government has, for years, not been gaining anything despite the transfer, which have been going on illegally.Now, the plot-holders in Salt Lake can legally transfer their property by paying the government this fee. However, the leasehold land won't turn into freehold land, and it is only a transfer of lease with the permission of the government, urban development minister Firhad Hakim had said on Monday. The government will continue to enjoy ownership rights and earn revenue, on which it had been missing out for long when property changed hands at Salt Lake.These land deals could not be stopped. The proposal was discussed during the Left Front regime, but was allowed for so long only for commercial properties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13860549", "title": "Human ancestors originated in Asia, not Africa: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: The earliest ancestors of modern human may have originated in Asia and not Africa as widely believed , according to a new study based on fossil discovery in Myanmar.Previous fossil finds have long suggested that Africa was the cradle for anthropoids , which include monkeys , apes and humans. Now, an international team in Myanmar has found the tooth of a pre-human ancestor which may prove that anthropoids originated in Asia.The findings, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , could shed light on a pivotal step in primate and human evolution, the researchers said.The four teeth of the prehistoric human - called afrasia djijidae as it forms a missing link between Africa and Asia - were recovered after six years of hard work. They date back to 37 million years and resemble those of another anthropoid, the 38-million-year-old Afrotarsius libycus, recently found in the Sahara Desert of Libya, Live-Science reported.The anthropoids in Libya were far more diverse at that early time in Africa than scientists had thought, suggesting they actually originated elsewhere. And the close similarity between Afrasia and Afrotarsius now suggests that early anthropoids colonized Africa from Asia. This migration from Asia ultimately helps set the stage for the later evolution of apes and humans in Africa. \"Africa is the place of origin of man, and Asia is the place of origins of our far ancestors,\" researchers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13859101", "title": "3 arrested for possessing obscene MMS", "text": "INDORE: The police have arrested three persons on charges of keeping obscene MMS. They have seized their mobile phones here on Tuesday. The arrest was made following the complaint of a person with the police when he found the trio watching the MMS of a woman, who the complainant thought was his niece.The police have said that the MMS was of another girl and not niece of the complainant. The cops booked the trio on charges of possessing the obscene MMS. The accused have been identified as Imran, Irfan and Shakir.Rawji Bazaar police station in charge Ghanshyam Dubey said that the complainant is the resident of South Toda. He claimed three persons of the same locality were showing the obscene MMS of his niece to the other two accused.The accused reportedly told the police that they went to show the MMS to the complainant as they wanted to bring the incident to his notice without any ulterior motive. The trio said that the girl in the MMS was identical to the niece of the complainant.Following the complaint, police arrested the three accused and seized their cell phones.Dubey denied that the girl in the MMS was the complainant's kin. However, the police are investigating to find out the origin of the MMS, he added.Police booked them under the Section 292 (possessing obscene object) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13859961", "title": "Local climatic changes to pour some cool", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though pre-monsoon bounty is nearly month away, local climatic developments bringing light rain are sure to bring some relief from the heat to city residents. The Chandigarh Met department and the Indian Meteorological Department have also predicted a dip in temperature by two to three degrees in the coming days.\"Pre-monsoon rains start a week before the onset of monsoon in the first week of July. There is a forecast of light rain, dust storm and thunder storm for next two days. The temperature would also drop by a few notches,\" said Surinder Paul Chandigarh Met director.Even on Sunday evening some places in the city saw a drizzle that lasted a few seconds. Since the last three days, the sky has remained partly cloudy, while the air too has become a little cold.This was due to light rains in Himalayan region including Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh on Sunday and Monday.Since June 2 the temperature has come down by nearly 3.5 degrees. The maximum temperature in Chandigarh on Tuesday was recorded at 40.5degrees. On Wednesday the temperature is expected to dip further by 0.5 degrees.The minimum temperature on Wednesday would be around 27 degrees.The met department said the sky would remain partly cloudy with possibility of rain and thundery development.In 2010 and 2011, the city saw 10 and 15 rainy days in June respectively. In 2011, the month of June started with a shower on June 1 that brought down temperature to 30.2 degrees celsius. Whereas this year the day made residents sizzle at 43.8 degrees celsius with no trace of rain. Even in 2010, the temperature on June 1 was lower than this year at 42.6 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13860336", "title": "Sabarmati kid missing for past four days", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 12-year-old boy has been reported missing from Sabarmati for the past four days. Parents of the boy have accused Sabarmati police of inaction in the case. Police, however , stated that they are working on leads to trace the child.According to Sabarmati police officials, Avi Mehta \u2014 a resident of Karnavati Flats in Dharmanagar \u2014 had been to a nearby provision store to purchase recharge coupons for his mother's mobile phone on June 1 afternoon . As he did not return for more than two hours, his family members became worried and launched a search. Sabarmati police were informed in the night as Avi did not return home.The first lead came in form of a tip-off from the Gandhinagar local crime branch (LCB). The team had seen some kids playing near Sector 28. A team of Sabarmati police and Avi's parents rushed to the spot. The children playing at a municipal garden immediately identified Avi as one of five kids who had come to play at the garden on June 2 with a man looking like a sadhu. Gandhinagar LCB further probed the matter and questioned the attendants of a petrol pump in the vicinity. One of the personnel said that the group had come in an autorickshaw which the man was driving himself. \"Since then, we have been running from pillar to post with Avi's photograph . We have gone to Gandhinagar and nearby villages,\" said Rajnikant Mehta, Avi's father. \"We learnt that the auto had gone in the direction of Pethapur Patiya. Working on the information , we are now extending our search to Mehsana. We are visiting the police station daily but not getting any support.\" N M Goswami, inspector of Sabarmati police station, said that they were taking the case with utmost seriousness and teams had been formed to track the child down. \"We are taking daily account of the team's activities. We have also sought the support of the Gandhinagar police,\" he said.Avi is student of Thakar High School in Dharmanagar and recently passed class VI exams, said his parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859977", "title": "Another key suspect in MLA attack arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: The youths accused of firing at Najafgarh MLA Bharat Singh may have been incited and aided by an older man who felt enmity towards the politician, police say. On Tuesday, the Special Cell arrested three persons, including the alleged mastermind of the conspiracy, Udaiveer Shokeen alias Kale.Police say Udaiveer provided logistical support to the initial suspect Vikas Dagar alias Vicky. A resident of Jharoda village, Udaiveer allegedly held a grudge against Singh, and when he came to know that Vicky, a youth from the same village, was angry with Singh, he decided to exploit the opportunity. \"It's a case of 'your enemy is my enemy'. Udaiveer used these boys to execute the attack and provided them guns and other help,\" said a source.While Udaiveer and two others, Satish and Ravinder, were caught from the area on Tuesday, southwest district police have also arrested a suspect called Naveen. \"They all sat together a day before the attack (June 2) and planned everything. Udaiveer, who is older than all these boys, knew all about Singh's movements and stayed in touch with them,\" said an officer.Police say Udaiveer had nursed a grudge against Singh for eight years. \"We are trying to find out what exactly happened, but Udaiveer claims Bharat Singh and his associates were involved in an incident with his family in Gurgaon\".Vicky and his friends had allegedly shot at Singh inside his office on June 2. They used deadly weapons including.38, .32 and .9 bore guns.Police commissioner BK Gupta had earlier assured chief minister Sheila Dikshit that all those involved in the attack would be caught. A source said, \"There are a few more persons from Jharoda village who were part of this conspiracy and they are yet to be caught\".Udaiveer is being questioned about the source of the guns. There are at least three new carjacking gangs operating in the Najafgarh area. Vikas Langpuria from Langpur village, Vikas Dagar from Jharoda village and Sandeep Mental from Baba Haridas Nagar have long tried to challenge the dominance of the old gangs. By carrying out this attack on the MLA himself, disregarding the presence of a police post less than 100 metres away, they tried to challenge the old order, police say. Sandeep, in fact, is suspected to have carried out a number of high-profile auto thefts in south Delhi with the assistance of notorious car lifter Manoj Bakkarwala, who is in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13859656", "title": "Cloudy sky keeps mercury below 40 degrees Celsius mark in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: The maximum temperature in the city dropped below 40 degrees Celsius on Tuesday after nearly 30 days of sustained heatwave conditions. Cloudy sky brought down the temperature, but at the same time increased the humidity level. However, it came as a respite for the people. Similar conditions are expected to continue in the next 24 hours.Another good news is that the monsoon has touched Kerala coast on Tuesday morning. Though monsoon is five days behind schedule, conditions are said to be favourable for further advancement. In fact, by Tuesday evening, the monsoon currents covered entire Kerala and some parts of coastal Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. The meteorological department said that monsoon is expected to progress at similar pace and would cover remaining parts of Karnataka, Goa, some parts of south Konkan, south Maharashtra, some parts of Tamil Nadu , Bay of Bengal and some parts of north-eastern states in the next 48 hours. If pace remains the same, monsoon may make up for the delay in arrival in India and reach UP in time. The normal date of arrival of monsoon in Kerala is June 1, UP June 15 and Lucknow June 18. The normal date is the average of monsoon-arrival-dates of the last over 50 years. Since 2005, monsoon currents after entering India have taken 20 days to reach UP. In 2010, it took 35 days to reach UP and in 2008 -- 12 days. This year, monsoon is expected to arrive in UP by June 15-20.Till then people will have to face hot and humid weather condition. On Tuesday, maximum temperature was 39.8 degrees Celsius. Cloudy sky prevented direct penetration of sunrays. State Met director JP Gupta said that clouds were over Lucknow because of the cyclonic circulation over Bihar and adjoining east UP. The circulation was responsible for dust/thunder storm in some east UP.On the other hand, a western disturbance affecting hills is responsible for rains, hail and thunder storms in national capital region in UP and west UP areas bordering Uttarakhand. On an average, maximum temperature dropped by 2-4 degrees Celsius in most parts of the state. Allahabad, which was reeling under intense heatwave, saw mercury level dropping to 43.5 degrees Celsius on Tuesday from Monday's 46 degrees Celsius. Agra recorded 43.6 degrees Celsius, which was lower than temperatures last week. Mercury touched 44.6 degree Celsius in Etawah, 44 degree Celsius in Ballia, 40 degree Celsius in Kanpur and 42.3 degree Celsius in Varanasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13858551", "title": "Ponda burn victim dies, husband held", "text": "PONDA: Pushpa Gaude, a 37-year-old woman, who was allegedly set on fire by her husband on Monday, succumbed to her burn injuries on Tuesday. She was undergoing treatment at the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim where she succumbed to her 95%burn injuries.The Ponda police booked her husband, Gopal, 45, a resident of Dhaushirem-Usgao in Ponda, for murder on Tuesday. Under the influence of alcohol, he had a spat with her, following which he allegedly poured kerosene on her body and set her ablaze.Police said they arrested the accused and the court remanded him to a day of police custody. However, he has also been admitted to GMC as his hand sustained burn injuries in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13857928", "title": "Countdown to Mumbai's monsoon: Barricade metro sites to avoid accidents, suggest experts", "text": "MUMBAI: The MMRDA must guard against flood- and accident-prone sites during monsoon to prevent any major mishaps, civic experts have suggested. Metro sites will have to be effectively barricaded for the purpose, they told TOI on Tuesday.It may be recalled that last monsoon, two monorail workers had lost their lives while putting up beams on pillars near Mysore Colony at Chembur. Then two years ago, two children had drowned in a stagnant pool of water at a metro construction site near Asalpha while one worker was electrocuted at another metro site at Andheri four years ago.Both municipal corporation and MMRDA officials said they have been taking the threat of monsoon-related accidents seriously. Municipal commissioner S Kunte and MMRDA additional commissioner S Srinivas toured stretches of the monorail route and pointed out incomplete debris clearance work.Both Kunte and Srinivas asked L&T; engineers in charge of various construction sites on R C Marg to ensure proper barricades and measures to prevent water-logging.Metro rail officials said this year will be less hazardous as most of the construction work is complete. \"We do not have pools of water at the sites as was the case a year ago when construction was still in its early stages. We have ensured that effective barriers are put up to prevent people from entering construction sites,\" an official said.They, though, said this was difficult despite a dedicated security system as some insist on entering the sites to play cards or loiter at nighttime.MMRDA officials said while the road overbridge at Milan Subway in Vile Parle is still not ready, they do not expect any problems considering that they have a warning system in place to tackle flood areas. \"We have a number of officers and men who will be on duty 24 hours to ensure that the problems caused by flooding are tackled effectively,'' said MMRDA officials.Last week, MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana had asked both the metro and monorail managements to ensure that all debris was disposed of.While the metro and monorail lines might be the centre of attention this monsoon, there is a lot to be done on the Eastern Freeway along the Mumbai Port Trust Road. A trip along the route showed that in several places the debris had still to be cleared and that barricades had still to be made effective. MMRDA officials said during the next few days, the problem areas will be tackled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nepura (nalanda)", "code": "13858225", "title": "Nepura artists await financial aid from government", "text": "NEPURA (Nalanda): When it comes to delicate stitching-work on clothes, especially silk, the world turns to Nepura in Nalanda for its traditional Sujni, Khatwa and Bawan Buti art, which the women folk of 50 weavers families belonging to Tanti and Patwa communities, have kept alive for centuries.Recognizing the fascinating world famous but slowly dying art, the United Nation's Development Programme (UNDP) launched an extensive training-cum-infrastructure development programme in the village in 2004 with an estimated cost of Rs 60 lakh. Training part yielded huge dividend as Nepura not only figured as part of 'Incredible India' campaign but a Sujni artist Renu Devi represented the art form in the USA in 2006 followed by Malti Devi and Sushila Devi, who represented the traditional art form in Singapore in 2008 and Nepura ranked sixth among 14 UNDP-supported programmes across the country, said Nagendra Kumar, secretary Nepura Gram Paryatan Vikas Samiti.Terming the initiative of UNDP as tremendous support for the survival of traditional art form, Kumar further said that lack of infrastructure development and misappropriation of the allotted UNDP fund by the officials of special division and their subsequent punishment in the matter, hampered the arrival of foreign tourists. Hoping a turnaround in near future, he said on the initiative of Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agarwal, Bihar Tourism sanctioned a whopping Rs72 lakh for the development of infrastructure, of which the long-cherished interpretation centre is nearing completion along with link roads, drainage etc.He hoped the tourists will start visiting the village from next season, which starts from October as by that time they will not only have the world class accommodation to stay and get first hand experience of Bihar's culture as the road map for folk Jhumar song and dance by the folk artists is in the final stage of completion. He added the theme of the folk festival will be based on Buddha theme, as most of the visitors are from the Buddhist circuit .\"Condition of weavers of the traditional Tasar, Masraj Katya Tasar, Kosa Tasar etc. which provide raw material for the women co-operatives for the Sujni, Khatwa, Bawan Buti work, is pitiable as they work on meager wages despite having their own looms and receiving training due to lack of financial support by the government and market,\" said secretary, Pragati Bunkar Swalambi Sahkari Samiti, Nepura, Rajesh Kumar. He said if the government provides loan to the weavers of Nepura, then the weavers will find market of their products and then only a real change can happen.The 72-year-old Bawan Buti artist, Lakhanji, who has been in the profession along with his family for generation and embroiders Bawan Buti sarees on daily wages said, \"Power position in the village is excellent and if they are financially supported, they can not only protect this traditional art from dying but it will also find overseas market that can change the fortunes of 250 weavers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13863024", "title": "Vikram Prabhu walks out of \u2018Sattam Oru Iruttarai\u2019 remake", "text": "Vikram Prabhu son of Prabhu Ganesan and grandson of legendary actor Sivaji Ganesan is upset with how things are turning out in his film, Sattam Oru Iruttarai remake.If sources are to be believed, shooting for the movie came to a halt after Vikram Prabhu, who is playing the lead role, walked out of the sets. According to reports, the movie is being ghost directed by S A Chandrashekar, who also directed the original movie. This did not go down too well with the young actor. Vikram apparently took off to complete his maiden project Kumki . \"He is at present shooting for his other film, Kumki ,\" sources add.A source from the sets claims that Vikram Prabhu did not quit Sattam Oru Iruttarai . \"It is true that he took a break from shooting for the film. But that was only to complete Kumki, following a request from director Prabhu Solomon.\" On the other hand, a little birdie from down south chirps that Vikram has postponed the shoot of Sattam Oru Iruttarai to September. The actor reportedly told Chandrashekar that either he postpones the shoot till September or finds a replacement.Being directed by debutant Sneha, Sattam Oru Iruttarai also has Karthika, Reemma Sen and Piaa Bajpai in lead roles.Source: bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13858913", "title": "30 kg marijuana seized from train", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Government Railway Police (GRP) seized 30 kilos of marijuana from the ladies compartment of Konark Express near Warangal on Tuesday. Police took five persons, including four women from Berhampur, into custody.At about 9 am, GRP personnel, who were conducting surprise checks on Konark Express going to Mumbai from Bhubaneswar, found two suitcases and a loaded sack placed under a berth in the ladies compartment. As no one claimed the ownership of the luggage, the police opened the two suitcases and found marijuana packets.The narcotic substance, whose market value could be over Rs one lakh, has been seized and police picked up four women passengers and a man travelling in the compartment for questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "edinburgh youth summit 2012 is conducting an online video contest and they are looking for ten dynamic communicators, five each from india and the uk, to take part in a summit on the theme of india-uk", "code": "13862469", "title": "Youth Summit to strengthen India-UK relations", "text": "Edinburgh Youth Summit 2012 is conducting an online video contest and they are looking for ten dynamic communicators, five each from India and the UK, to take part in a summit on the theme of India-UK: Future and Reinvention around the Culture Ministers' Summit in Edinburgh in August 2012.Contestants will have to take part in an online video contest and win a chance to present their views on the future of India-UK relations to the Culture Ministers of India and Scotland.This online video contest is part of Re-Imagine: India-UK Cultural Relations in the 21st Century, a research and evidence based project, which is reviewing the current relationship between the two countries and the shape it's likely to take in the next decade. Re-Imagine is a partnership project by the British Council, King's India Institute and Counterpoint.The Re-Imagine Edinburgh Youth Summit is being done in collaboration with Global Changemakers, a British Council funded global youth network of social entrepreneurs and community activists from 121 countries worldwide. Its mission is to empower youth to catalyse positive social change.Eligibility criteria for the aspiring candidates are as follows: - The candidate has to be between the age group of 19-25 years as on May 31, 2012 - The candidate must have a valid passport - The candidate has to be a citizen and resident of either UK or India - The candidate has to be equipped with good communication skills, with an interest in community or cultural relations activities.The aspiring candidates need to make a five minute long video about them. They have to mention, how their generation and their community see the future of the UK-India relationship. Emphasising on the youth of their country the candidates must try to highlight their opinion on the existing relationship between India and UK and the future of this relationship.The young aspirants of India must creatively explain their views on what can India expect from the UK in the 21st century. Last date for entries is June 18, 2012.For more details and the application form please visit www.reimagine.britishcouncil.org.in.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13859908", "title": "BCom students to get counselling dateline soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Students aspiring to get admission to commerce bachelor's courses in city colleges will soon get a dateline for the joint counselling process.Panjab University commerce faculty along with affiliated college principals are set to meet on June 7 to work out modalities for BCom admissions. Tentative starting date for filling forms online is June 14.PU officials cited that the college principals and faculty members would be discussing the loopholes in the admission process last year and suggesting measures for admission his year. \"The panel members will finalize details and streamline the process for counselling on June 7,\" said S K Chandha, faculty member at University Business School, PU, who has been appointed the coordinator of BCom joint counselling. Officials cited that a host of students who apply for the BCom courses appear from the Panjab School Education Board (PSEB), results of which are still awaited.Since 2010, a joint admission process for the BCom admissions are being carried out for all PU affiliated colleges. However, admissions for Hoshiarpur colleges affiliated to PU will however be done by respective colleges this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860283", "title": "Transport department to install 700 cameras on National Highway in Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: To keep a tab on traffic offenders, the transport department would install around 700 cameras on national highways across the state, transport minister Aryadan Muhammed said on Tuesday.The minister, who was inaugurating the road safety awareness campaign for local body members, said that the decision was following the success of the automatic traffic enforcement systems installed on the Cherthala-Mannuthy stretch of NH 47.Addressing the local body members and people's representatives in the district, the transport minister said, \"People's representatives should refrain from recommending the release of traffic offenders when they are booked by law-enforcing officials. It has become a practice that panchayat presidents and other local members call up officials demanding the release of traffic offenders. This tendency will result in protecting lawbreakers and should not be encouraged.\"\"Every year around 1.3 lakh people die in road accidents in the county, and the majority of accidents and accident-related deaths occur in our state. Traffic violations including overtaking, speeding and using mobile phones while driving lead to accidents,\" Aryadan said.The one-day seminar on road safety was conducted by the motor vehicles department and the Kerala Road Safety Authority in an effort to spread road safety awareness messages among the public through the local body members.\"Only with the help of local body members and other people's representatives can we spread road safety messages,\" said P I Sainudheen, deputy transport commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859074", "title": "Bhanu's victims get cold feet", "text": "HYDERABAD: Based on gangster Bhanu Kiran's confession, Crime Investigation Department (CID) sleuths had hoped that some of his victims might lodge complaints which would enable them to nail him.But some of his victims, including one of the owners of the erstwhile Ajanta theatre, have shown little interest in lodging a complaint against the mafia boss.CID officers said that Bhanu and his associates, including YSR Congress chief YS Jaganmohan Reddy's aide Mangali Krishna, had threatened Krishna Goud, one of the owners of Ajanta theatre, at the behest of another stakeholder who was a relative of Goud's.A few years back, Bhanu and his associates had gone to the Ajanta theatre site where they razed the building, then under construction, and threatened Krishna and his family members against continuing with the work.CID sleuths had summoned several of Bhanu's victims in order to corroborate his confession but Ajanta theatre owners initially refused to lodge a complaint fearing that their business prospects might get affected as they were partnering a prominent business house in the a commercial complex project.\"Krishna gave a written complaint, narrating the entire episode of how Bhanu was involved in the land settlement. The complaint has been sent for legal scrutiny,\" a senior CID officer told TOI.After questioning Mangali Krishna recently, CID officials learnt that Bhanu and Pradeep Reddy, reportedly a friend of home minister P Sabita Indra Reddy's son Karthik, continue to hold crores of rupees worth shares in the Vijayawada-based firm Annapurna Packaging without having invested a penny.Although a criminal case was registered against Bhanu and his associates for threatening Vemuri Sham Prasad, who had a dispute with his brother Krishna Prasad, police investigation in the case has come under a cloud.The then Vijayawada commissioner of police, PSR Anjaneyulu, had intervened in a family dispute among the Annapurna packaging owners and ensured that Bhanu and Pradeep resigned as directors of the company. However, he failed to carry out a proper investigation.\"Anjaneyulu had taken a special interest in the case, but failed to freeze shares owned by Bhanu and Pradeep. The Vijayawada police have so far failed to zero in on the mode of payment used by Bhanu and Pradeep to buy the shares. So, we wrote a letter to Vijayawada police asking them to explain what had happened during that period,\" a senior officer said.During his custodial interrogation, Mangali Krishna denied that he had supplied weapons to Bhanu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13858438", "title": "Police arrest siblings in Steel City for attempted theft", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Two promising students here were arrested by police for attempting to break the door of a kiosk apparently to steal dairy items and soft drinks on Monday night.Resident of K2 area in Telco, the two, who are siblings, were arrested by the Telco police while attempting to steal. The police also recovered iron rods from them.\"We are in the process of lodging a case against the two and shall forward them to the (Gaghidih) juvenile home thereafter,\" said R N Thakur, officiating in-charge of the Telco police station.The elder of the two is a Class IX student of a reputed English medium school in Mango, the younger brother is a Class VII student of the Telco-based school, police said.The accused children, who belonged to an economically well-off family, were living alone at home as their parents are away at the native village in Muzzafarpur, Bihar.\"Perhaps, it is result of the bad company that motivated them to do the unethical and illegal thing,\" said the police officer.The duo's name is also linked to several theft cases that took place in the kiosks in the surrounding areas in the last few weeks.Police are looking into the allegations.A noted city based psychiatrist said breakdown of values and desire to achieve everything overnight is pushing the young generation towards wrong path. \"Perhaps the unscrupulous deed of the two young children stems from the desire to impress their friends,\" said Tata Main Hospital, psychiatrist, Dr Sanjay Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858671", "title": "More comfortable taxis on Mumbai roads soon", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters can expect 1,000 new fleet cabs to hit the road within a month. Another 1,000 will be added by the year-end, transport department sources said.TAB Cabs chief marketing officer Prasenjeet Bagchi told TOI that his company, which is the latest entrant to the fleet cab business, has expansion plans for the month. \"We already have 1,000 private taxis on the road and are doing good business. Due to huge demand from passengers, we expect to induct at least 600 more taxis within a month. In the second phase, we will introduce 1,200 cars.\"Meru Cabs CEO Rajesh Puri said his company, too, was keen on introducing new cabs within a month. \"We will continue to put more cabs in Mumbai depending on consumer feedback. Also, we plan to phase out some of the old cars in our fleet and replace them with new ones.\"A source said Meru might expand its fleet from 2,050 to 2,500 cabs soon.The company will also expand its tourist cab fleet, which caters to a niche segment of passengers. Puri said, \"There is a need for good drivers. There is a scarcity of drivers who are willing to work under the norms and discipline practiced by our company.\"He said there were limitations while recruiting a new driver. \"As per government rules, we have to recruit only those drivers who have official badges from the RTO. This narrows down our choice and we fall short of good drivers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13859521", "title": "Minister suggests capital value-based property tax for Pune", "text": "PUNE: Minister of state for urban development Bhaskar Jadhav on Tuesday asked the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to adopt the capital value-based system to calculate property tax. At present, the tax is computed on the annual rateable value system.\"The state government strongly supports capital value-based system as it is a systematic and rational way to calculate property tax. The PMC should go for it,\" Jadhav said, while speaking to reporters on Tuesday. Jadhav has asked civic chief Mahesh Pathak to convene a meeting with leaders of all parties to discuss the issue.Under the present system, the rent that a property can fetch is used to calculate the rateable value, a percentage of which is the property tax. In the new system, the value - a percentage of which will be the property tax - will be based on the actual value of the property. The figure will be based on the stamp duty Ready Reckoner.There will be upper and lower ceilings on increase or decrease of tax. It will not go up more than double the rateable value tax, nor will it fall below 50% of the latter.\"It is a people-friendly system and even citizens can calculate their own property tax. The capital value-basedsystem will be upgraded every three years. The current system to calculate property tax is discriminative and attracts many complaints. We are encouraging municipal corporations and councils to adopt the capital value-based system,\" Jadhav said.The state government's proposal to switch to the capital-based value system is based on a study conducted by the Tata Institute for Social Sciences and the University of Mumbai. The research estimates that the new system would improve tax collection by up to 200% and local governing bodies will be able to use the revenue for developmental purposes.'No change in playground reservations at local level'Minister of state for urban development Bhaskar Jadhav said that henceforth, local governing bodies will not be able to vacate land reserved for playgrounds under the Development Plan. \"If playground reservation has to be vacated, the proposal should come before the state cabinet. The state government will be the final authority to vacate the reservations,\" Jadhav said. He added that the government had observed that municipal bodies rampantly vacate playground reservations for various purposes, even as open spaces in urban areas are shrinking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13860006", "title": "Tuesday drizzle brings relief to Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tricity went grey at 6.15pm, on Tuesday, when water-laden clouds covered the sky with winds blowing at a speed of 35kmph and light drizzles in various sectors. According to weather experts, there are chances of light rain as the clouds which earlier brought rain to Patiala and Ambala, were overhead. The situation was no different in Panchkula and Mohali, but the dust storm which followed around 6pm proved to be a big hurdle for commuters.Honey Singh, a resident of Sector 23, said, \"I have to commute to Panjab University everyday, but the dust storm made it difficult to ride the bike. I kept fearing that rain would follow any minute.\" \"I was returning from office in Panchkula, but had to stop at Madhya Marg near Sector 8 due to the dust storm, which was followed by slight drizzling,\" said Digvijay Khanna, a resident of Sector 15.People with respiratory problems too had to face inconvenience due to dust storm. According to the met department, the cause of the rain was western disturbances, however, for city residents it was a welcoming relief from the heat.\"I opened all the doors and windows as pleasant wing started blowing. I was hoping that it stays, but dust storm followed,\" said Kriti Sharma a resident of Sector 32. Shiksha Thakur, a resident of Sector 16, said, \"The best part was mud after it drizzled for a few seconds. i am eagerly waiting for monsoon now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13860205", "title": "'Abortion drug sale very high in Beed'", "text": "PUNE: The sale of abortion drug Vecredil is widespread in Beed city and Parli Vaijanath, the latest report of Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) has found. Just three distributors sold as many as 6,416 vial packs of the drug in these two places over the last three years.This is alarming, say FDA officials and doctors, as the drug is sparingly prescribed, that too only in second trimester abortion of foetuses with \"lethal anomalies\", which generally happens in one in 300 cases. Lethal anomaly means that the foetus has a physical abnormality incompatible with survival or normal life.The second trimester in a pregnancy is 12 to 20 weeks of gestation, when, experts say, the foetus is grown enough for its sex to be determined in a sonography test.If a pregnancy is aborted medically before 12 weeks of gestation, a minor surgical procedure is conducted and drugs like Vecredil are not required.Two more held for dumping foetusThe Beed police on Monday arrested the father and the boyfriend, who is a distant relative, of an unmarried woman in connection with the dumping of one of the female foetuses under a bridge last Saturday. The number of people arrested in the case has now risen to seven.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13859913", "title": "12 days on, another sales tax agent booked", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The sales tax department of Chandigarh administration is reportedly being cheated of lakhs by private sales tax agents every year. Barely 12 days after the arrest of two agents, Ashwani Shamra and Vipin Kumar, CBI has booked a leading sale tax agent Vikram Thakur of Sector 35 and claimed to detect a loss of more than Rs 50 lakh to the state exchequers. Agents, Ashwani and Vipin were arrested by vigilance wing of Chandigarh administration on May 24 for cheating sale tax department.The role of some senior sales tax department officials is also under the radar of CBI but their names were not mentioned in the FIR. A team of CBI sleuths have also raided the office and house of accused Thakur in Sector 35 and seized large number of documents on Monday.Sources in CBI said, \"Accused Thakur used to file sales tax returns of leading business establishments and forge the entries of deposited amount in the receipts. Though, owners of business establishments were not aware of it, the cheating was not possible without the connivance of sales tax officials.\" DIG (CBI) Mahesh Aggarwal said, \"Thakur has been booked and officials of sale tax department would be questioned shortly. Prima facie, Thakur used to fill returns for many companies and records of all these companies are being scrutinized.\" Meanwhile, modus operandi of accused, Ashwani and Vipin, was also similar to Thakur's - both cheated while keeping the owners of companies in dark, he added.The vigilance sources said third accomplice of Ashwani and Vipin, Surinder Sharma, is lodged in Ambala Central jail in connection with another case and would be brought on production warrants shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859211", "title": "Election Commission moved against Chief minister's Jagan remark", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy has once again come under the scrutiny of the Election Commission with the latter on Tuesday directing the Chittoor district authorities to submit a report on the reported remarks of Kiran Kumar against YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy that he would attract a 14-year jail term in the assets case. Chief Electoral Officer Banwar Lal sought a report based on a complaint by the YSR Congress to the election commission that the CM's remarks were a violation of the model code of conduct.Soon after the arrest of Jagan and subsequent denial of bail to him, the Congress leaders including the chief minister have gone on the offensive during their bypoll campaigns. On Monday, AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad had said that Jagan would have been made the chief minister by the Congress had he displayed some patience.In fact, it was not only at the Tirupati poll meetings that the chief minister had said that Jagan could attract a 14-year jail term. He had made the same remark while addressing poll meetings at Payakaraopeta and Narsapuram as well during the last two days. In response to the YSR Congress complaint, CEO Banwarlal said the matter is under the examination of the EC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13861057", "title": "Disabled people can take help while voting", "text": "MYSORE: Registered physically challenged voters of Southwest Graduates' constituency, Southwest Teachers' constituency and South Graduates' constituency can take help of other persons while exercising their franchise. But those seeking help should inform the election officer concerned or assistant election officer three days before the election.According to an official press release, the voters should furnish details of their voter registration. The election officers concerned will mention about their demand in the voters' list. Accordingly, the presiding officers of the polling station will allow them to take a friend inside the booth to vote. \"Only one person can accompany the physically challenged voter,\" the release added.The three constituencies comprise Mysore, Mandya, Chamarajanagar, Hassan, Chikamaglur, Kodagu, Dakshina Kannada, Udupi, Shimoga, Honnali and Channagiri taluk (Davanagere district). The polling is scheduled for June 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13859550", "title": "Students of tribal districts lag behind in Higher Secondary", "text": "GUWAHATI: All is not well with the education system in tribal districts. The results declared by Assam Higher Secondary Education Council (AHSEC) on Monday showed that Chirang, Dima Hasao, and Karbi Anglong districts faired very badly in the arts stream with the pass percentage below 50.While the pass percentage of Chirang was merely 39.29 per cent, Dima Hasao recorded only 46.58 per cent. Karbi Anglong, too, faired poorly with 48.71 per cent. In commerce stream, Kokrajhar witnessed the lowest pass percentage with 49.33 per cent.Frequent strikes and long spell of insurgency had an impact on the health of education in these districts. Students are the most affected as they were unable to attend classes regularly. Though insurgency has come down significantly, the education sector is yet to come out of the impact it suffered during the height of militancy.The Bodo Sahitya Sabha, one of the influential organisations in the Bodo community, said frequent bandhs are affecting students in Bodoland Territorial Council area in which Chirang and Kokrajhar districts fall. \"Frequent bandhs are definitely affecting the healthy education atmosphere in tribal-dominated districts. Education had suffered a lot during the height of insurgency. Now, bandh culture has become a major problem. Students should be spared from such activities,\" said BSS secretary Kamala Kanta Mushahary.BSS has called a meeting this month where the issue of impact of bandh on education will be discussed threadbare. All Dimasa Students Union (ADSU) also blamed bandhs for the poor performance of students in tribal-dominated districts.\"Students are the worst sufferers of bandh culture. That is why, students are not performing well,\" said ADSU president Prafulla Hafila.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859912", "title": "Neglect turns forest into dump", "text": "NEW DELHI: Till some decades back, the lush and green Rajokri forest was home to Delhi's wildlife like neelgai and deer. Now, with its patchy growth of vilayati keekar strung with stray plastic bags and the domestic and industrial waste of neighbouring Vasant Kunj and Rangpahari covering most of its open ground, the forest has become dangerous ground and home to anti-social elements.On the occasion of Environment Day, The Earth Saviour Foundation and residents of neighbouring areas undertook to clean the forest. Mounds of rubbish were picked up and taken to an MCD dumping ground nearby, which the staff refused to let them use. \"We were told that the garbage was not from that area and hence we would not be allowed to dump it there. After much argument we finally left it there, but how ridiculous is the system,\" said Ravi Kalra, president of the NGO.The neglected forest land has neither wall to demarcate it yet nor any forest guards to look after it. A road cuts through that carries Gurgaon-bound traffic. The water bodies it houses have either disappeared or shrunk drastically in size. \"The area is being used as a community dumping ground. Even the civic body staff throws domestic waste here instead of disposing it off at dhalaos. Rangpahari is also home to several small industrial units which are also throwing their toxic waste here. That itself is a violation of the law, let alone the impact it has on the forest,\" said Kalra.Government sources say the area is located in a remote spot and is without a boundary wall because of which large-scale encroachment has taken place. \"The government is in the process of marking out a wall but yes, the condition of the forest is really quite pathetic at present,\" said a source.The team undertook a similar drive in April this year on the occasion of Earth Day, but there was no response from the government. \"We have sent complaints to the environment department and directly to the chief minister, but no action has been taken. The only recourse left for us is to approach the courts to intervene in the matter,\" said Kalra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13862970", "title": "Ashraf promises 'good news' on India-Pakistan cricket ties", "text": "ISLAMABAD: PCB chairman Zaka Ashraf says with people on both sides of border keen on restoration of India-Pakistan cricket ties, \"good news\" would soon come on the issue.\"I think it is the desire of the people of countries that Indo-Pak matches should be restored soon,\" Ashraf, who recently undertook a week long visit of India, said.The Pakistan Cricket Board chief said apart from the people even former players wanted to see the two countries play each other in bilateral series soon.India froze bilateral cricket ties with Pakistan in 2008 after the Mumbai terror attacks.But Ashraf, after his recent visit to India, has announced that both countries will soon be playing a bilateral match this year.Sources in the board say that the PCB wants that both teams play two Twenty20 matches -- one in India and one in Pakistan at the Gaddafi stadium in Lahore -- in last week of December.One source said India had agreed in principle to play one Twenty20 match in December in India.Ashraf said he was hoping for a major breakthrough and confirmation of dates for the one-off match when he met BCCI officials on the sidelines of the ICC meeting in Kuala Lumpur .According to the source, the BCCI, in order to assist the PCB financially, has agreed to forgo broadcasting rights for the one-off match but details are still being worked out at the board level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "13858131", "title": "CM asks officials to mend work culture", "text": "KISHANGANJ: The PHED, rural road construction and the health department earned the wrath of chief minister Nitish Kumar for their careless functioning after he made a bit by bit review of the various departments at the divisional-level meeting on the concluding day of the three-day 'Seva Yatra' to Kishanganj on Tuesday.As a true task-master, the CM did not mince words and pulled up the officials of the departments concerned and warned them against their casual approach and mend their work culture at the meeting.When the health officials pointed out that the strength of doctors are inadequate at the health centres, the CM assured and said, \"All possible steps will be taken to resolve this problem.\" He, however, pointed out that this kind of alibi should not come in the way of the healthcare of the poor and ailing masses.Kishanganj Congress MP Asrarul Haq, taking part in the meeting demanded that the Kishanganj-Dighalbank border road, which went up to Bihar-Nepal border, be immediately declared state highway. He also called for construction of a slew of bridges, as also approach road to bridge across Mechhi river, which will connect Kishanganj with Nepal.The Congress MP, while expressing his satisfaction, remarked before newsmen that the proceedings at the meeting were such which would give a real push to the development juggernaut in the district, and hoped the district will march ahead rapidly.Besides, water sources minister Vijay Kumar Chaudhury, development commissioner Ashok Kumar Singh, Jeevika director Arbind Kumar Chowdhury, other state top-brass, Darbhanga zonal IG R. K Mishra, Purnia divisional commissioner Brajesh Mehrotra, DIG BS Meena, all the four DMs and SPs were summoned to the meeting.Kumar, talking to newsmen later said that he contemplated the establishment of an agriculture college and research centre in Kishanganj in view of huge farm potentialities in the agro-zone of Purnia division and extending upto contiguous Supaul district. \"This was bound to bring about a real turn-around in the realm of farm activities and boost production of tea, pine-apple, spices and other crops,\" said the CM.\"The state government will focus on fishery too, as there is abundant scope for it in this farm zone,\" the CM said.Replying to a query for creation of more sub-division and blocks in Kishanganj district, the CM struck a positive note saying that a group of ministers was looking into the formation of more sub-divisions and blocks, and Kishanganj's claims would never be looked over.On the question of Teesta Barrage in adjacent Darjeeling district in West Bengal, which often spelt twin scourge like off-season flash floods or droughts in Kishanganj and Katihar districts due to its haphazard planning, the CM directed the WRD minister to take up the issue..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13861066", "title": "Karunanidhi backs LK Advani on CEC, CAG selection", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK chief M Karunanidhi , a key ally of Congress, on Tuesday endorsed veteran BJP leader L K Advani's proposal for constituting a collegium to make appointments to important posts like Chief Election Commissioner and Comptroller and Auditor General. But DMK sources said too much should not be read into the party chief's view which was purely issue-based.Alluding to Advani's letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, expressing concern over the existing system of appointment to constitutional posts by the President on PM's advice, Karunanidhi said he concurred with Advani's views. It (the letter) cannot be ignored just because it is the Opposition view,\" the DMK leader said in an article published in party mouthpiece, Murasoli, on Tuesday. The congruence of their views, though, did raise political eyebrows as DMK was part of the 1999-2004 NDA regime. Advani had proposed the opposition be involved in selection. He said the system is open to \"manipulation, partisanship.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13862319", "title": "AISECT partners with NSDC to empower youth", "text": "Bhopal based AISECT, has partnered with the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) with a mission to empower around 1.3 million youth across semi-urban and rural India over the next ten years. Under this alliance, AISECT will work as a national partner of NSDC to spread quality skill development training across the country and placement of students.Commenting on this collaboration, Santosh Kumar Choubey, chairman, AISECT Group said, \"Through this partnership, AISECT, which has an extensive reach in the rural and semi-urban areas through a network of over 10,000 centres spread across 27 states and three union territories, will contribute significantly to the objective of carrying out skill development on a large scale in the unorganised sector.\"As part of this alliance, AISECT's skill development initiative will cater to seven of the 21 priority sectors identified by NSDC. These sectors include IT&ITES;, Electronics &amp; Hardware, Banking &amp; Financial Services, Teacher &amp; Assessor Training, Textiles, Organised Retail and Agri Skills.This skill development project will initially be carried out in the backward regions of states like Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand , Bihar, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Orissa, Maharashtra and Punjab and will gradually be implemented across the country.Under this partnership, AISECT will also undertake 'Training of Trainers' programme to improve the quality of skill training and to improve the technology utilisation of trainers.The organisation will also utilise nearly 6,000 Common Service Centres (CSCs) that it has set up at the panchayat level across Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Punjab. It will also endeavour to set up Vocational Academies or Skill Resource Centres within the two universities that the organisation has set up in Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.Placements and post-training support is a big component of this project and AISECT will provide placement services, both online and offline, to the trained people. Placement efforts will be carried out at both national as well as regional level to ensure maximum placements for all trained candidates. As part of this partnership, AISECT would also work extensively on creation of quality e-learning material for candidates in all regional languages.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13858653", "title": "No corrective steps to check eco degradation", "text": "RANCHI: The general unawareness among the people about environment pollution is proving hazardous to the nature. Mostly men are oblivious to the fact that some of regular practices like rampant use of plastics are extremely harmful for the environment. Other non-environment friendly activities like felling of trees, careless waste disposal equally contribute to the woes. Even those who are aware of the environ-related problems are least concerned to take the correct steps.\"I did not know that use of plastics can be that bad for the environment as it is a non-degradable material. I never could understand the logic behind the shopkeepers' denial in providing me the plastic bags each time I buy stuffs from them. Never did I bother to find the reason. But now I know,\" said Purandar Verma, an LIC agent.The problem is people's lack of awareness due to which they unconsciously pollute the environment. \"Shopkeepers are unaware and they happily throw garbage outside their shops and on the roadside. And people throwing garbage in their backyard need to understand that they are only harming themselves as they would suffer from health problems,\" said Oyeshi Das, a school girl.People don't even know that drinking pure water and breathing fresh air is the birthright of every human being.\"Rampant dumping of waste materials, be it domestic garbage, industrial waste or even hospital waste badly pollutes the water bodies. The water we use are in turn get polluted. So we need to be careful about keeping the environment safe which will ultimately benefit us,\" said Vijay Jaiswal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13863698", "title": "LiLo pops out of flimsy dress while shooting 'Liz and Dick'", "text": "Lindsay Lohan had a wardrobe malfunction while filming one of her first scenes in the Lifetime movie 'Liz and Dick', which details the tumultuous relationship between Hollywood legends Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton.Lohan was pictured aboard a boat in Marina Del Rey , California, filming a fight scene with her co-star Grant Bowler for the film.The set recalls the couple's trip to the Bay of Naples in Italy in 1965 a year into their first marriage.In the physical scene, Lohan wears a chevron striped sundress with a halter top, along with hoop earrings and a matching bandana. Bowler drags her out of a doorway, kicking and screaming. As the top-heavy starlet tussled with Bowler, she popped out of her flimsy dress.Lohan stayed in the scene, her face continuing to show both anger and fear. But after the take, she tucked backed through the door to readjust her dress. The 'Mean Girls' star re-emerged laughing.The first day of filming the movie, Lohan's first project since her legal woes ended, has gone well according to executive producer Larry Thompson.\"A little first-day jitters for everyone, but it went well,\" the New York Post quoted him as telling E! News.\"When you see both of them in full hair and makeup, it is the definition of movie magic,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13859280", "title": "Export scam accused produced in court", "text": "CHENNAI: A 30-year-old man, arrested for carrying out an export scam, was produced by the Central Bureau of Investigation before L Yousuf Ali, judge, principal special court for CBI cases, on Tuesday. He was remanded in judicial custody till June 19. An application made by CBI officials seeking custodial interrogation for three days was allowed as well.According to the complaint, B Vithal, proprietor of Krish Enterprises at Thambiah Chetty Street in West Mambalam, and his employee Rajesh Balar alias Rajesh Jain of Chetpet, were arrested for exporting potash to Malaysia, for use as a fertilizer, in the guise of industrial salt. A case was registered against them for offences under Sections 420 (cheating) and 120B (punishment for criminal conspiracy) of the Indian Penal Code, the Fertiliser (Control) Order, 1985 and the Essential Commodities Act, 1955.The CBI's economic offences wing found that the two hatched a criminal conspiracy to cheat Customs by exporting muriate potash (potassium chloride), a restricted export item, and declaring it as industrial salt, dishonestly and intentionally. A total of 232 tonnes of the substance worth 48 lakh was exported in this manner since 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13858252", "title": "Two out on a day of fun drown in Ambazari lake", "text": "NAGPUR: Tragedy seemed waiting to happen as four friends decided to visit Ambazari lake early morning on Tuesday. While two were busy clicking photographs, they did not realize that the other two who were in the water had gone too far and couldn't swim well enough to come back.An engineering student was among the two who drowned. Incidentally, both the youngsters were only sons of their parents.Manmeet Singh Saggu, alias Happy (18), first year student of mechanical engineering, had promised mother Parmeet Kaur before leaving home in the morning that it was his last day of attending the gym. Manmeet and his friend Rahul Mate (20) were frolicking in the lake when they drowned.Mate, a school drop-out, worked at a small factory. He had been his mother's sole support after father passed away and elder sister was married. Happy's father too is cardiac patient who retired from his job from the railways as an engineer a couple of years ago.Manmeet, Mate, Aniket Yerkhade and Kailash Lakde had met at a gym in Dixit Nagar and become friends. The friends decided to go for a swim in Ambazari lake. They came to the lake on Manmeet and Mate's bike. While Mate and Happy entered the water, Yerkhade and Lakde started clicking photographs of their friends having a good time.Police think Manmeet was the first to lose his balance and slipped into a deeper spot in water. Seeing him in trouble, Mate rushed to rescue. He extended his hand for Manmeet to hold. Manmeet appears to have dragged Mate with him as he went down.A horde of local swimmers and morning walkers, who were too present at the lakeside, too rushed to rescue the youngsters but it was too late. While the swimmers managed to drag Mate's body out, it took the fire brigade team to fish out Manmeet from water. The friends, who were clicking the photographs, alerted the families of the deceased. The local residents had informed the Ambazari police.Manmeet's family was upset that the authorities had not even put up a cautionary board near the lake warning against taking swimming. \"Deaths by drowning is nothing new in Ambazari lake but the authorities have remained in slumber,\" said a family friend of Manmeet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13859274", "title": "The field was his temple, cricket his God", "text": "Sangli may be the city of akhadas and wrestling Olympians, but in its heart lives the gentleman's game. The cricket-frenzy youngsters of this city found a role model in the great Vijay Hazare. They would not only follow his exploits on the cricket field, but stay glued behind the nets when he practised. Each move of his meant a lot to them.There was one 16 year-old kid who never missed Hazare's nets. He used to bat in the same net after Hazare and would try to imitate him, especially the stroke where he used to step out and drive.This boy would practise the shots of Hazare for hours. A few days later he shifted to Pune where quality cricket was played and began to score heavily. Having come from a poor family, he would stay anywhere without a fuss, even in bus stands. He was obsessed with just one thing: making an impact in cricket.That was the stylish right hand batsman Vijay Bhosle, one of the most unfortunate batsmen not to have played for the country even after playing 110 first class matches. His first class debut for Maharashtra against Bombay at Sholapur was memorable.Batting low in the order, 18-year-old Bhosle was caught behind for naught. Nervous, he sat in one corner of the dressing room only to hear his father's loud voice when he was talking to Bapu Nadkarni, \"Where is my son. Can't score? Scored zero? If I had a gun I would kill him\". Bapu Nadkarni tried to reason with the senior Bhosle, but he was very angry. So a father suffering from 'Son stoke' is nothing new. The inventor perhaps is senior Bhosle himself.Now the son was under pressure to score runs. He was sure of his passion, but also knew he had to perform. A few years later, Vijay Hazare was invited by the Maharaja of Baroda to lead the state team and he recommended Bhosle, who then shifted his base to Baroda as a scholarship boy.Mentored by Hazare, the lessons were being learnt the hard way. It was the perfect guru-chela relationship.Runs began to flow. Bhosle mastered the art of step out and drive. Spinners were afraid to flight the ball to Bhosle as he would jump and hit through the gaps in the field. And if the bowler bowled the next ball a little short, he would go on the back-foot and thump it on either side of the wicket. He was a treat to watch.Bapu Nadkarni, who had outstanding figures of 32-27-5-0 in a Test match, says, \"Vijay played me better than most batsmen because he wasn't afraid to leave the crease. Hardly any batsman stepped out to me. He was a very good judge of a length and would place the ball beautifully.\"An analysis of his career would show consistency. In fact, he is one batsman who rarely failed against visiting teams. Teams for Tests would generally be selected after matches against visiting teams, but Bhosle was never picked for India despite some superlative performances. \"I was selected as a wicketkeeper for a match against a visiting team, but Pataudi told me not to keep wickets and promoted me to bat at No. 4. I scored runs in that match too, but I wasn't picked,\" he said.Chandu Borde, who played for Baroda and Maharashtra with Bhosle says, \"He was batting beautifully in the famous 1971 Ranji final between Bombay and Maharashtra. I told him, 'Come on, Vijay, you go in, I will win the trophy aaramse'. Pat came the reply, 'I am not a traitor, Chandu. I want my Bombay to win the trophy'.He was a God-fearing person. He would keep a photo of the Lord in his back pocket and before facing each delivery, he used to touch his back pocket.Cricket was a way of life for Bhosle. Rarely was the hard-working cricketer seen cracking jokes or indulging in naughty behaviour. To him, the cricket ground was a place of worship. He played with a sincerity that could equal any piety. It's unfathomable why he wasn't picked to play for India. He never stopped worshipping the game even though the Gods of the game didn't hear him. He certainly was one of the greatest devotees cricket can ever find.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13858765", "title": "One killed as bike hits signboard", "text": "COIMBATORE: A city college student was killed when he lost control of his motor cycle and dashed against a sing board at Lakshmi Mills junction at Avinsah in the city on Monday.Traffic Investigation Wing (TIW) of Coimbatore city police said, R Suresh Krishnan, 23 of Peelamedu Pudur in the city was studying second year M.Com in Dr NGP Arts and Science College at Kalapatti in the city. His father Rajendran owns a roadside eatery stall on a push cart at Peelamedu Pudur where Suresh was working after college hours.On Monday night he celebrated his twenty third birthday along with his family. On Tuesday around 1.30 am, he went to Lakshmi Mills junction on his motorcycle for a cup of tea. When he was nearing the junction, he lost control of his motorcycle as he was speeding and dashed against a sign board. He sustained severe head injuries and was lying in a pool of blood.Over 20 persons gathered at the spot. His younger brother Ashok who works in a courier firm took Suresh to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) where he was declared as brought dead.TIW police have registered a case and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13859066", "title": "Man found hanging in Palasia", "text": "INDORE: A middle-aged man was found hanging at his room in Palasia area here on Tuesday morning.The deceased has been identified as Jagdish Gurjar, 45, a resident of Sanvid Nagar, coming under the jurisdiction of Palasia police. He was a driver.Quoting family members, police said that when the family members went to wake Jadgish up in the morning, there was no response. When the repeated knocks did not evoke any response, they broke open the door, only to find Jagdish hanging. Jagdish was reportedly under depression as he was suffering from financial constraints, police said. However, no suicide note was found from the spot. The body was sent to MY Hospital for autopsy. A case was registered in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13858266", "title": "India 'A' team to tour New Zealand", "text": "NEW DELHI: India 'A' team, which is currently touring the West Indies, will be going to New Zealand in the month of September. According to sources, the itinerary will be finalized soon for the tour which will be about three-week long.\"We are in the process of deciding the number of matches and working on whether the team will play four-day game or three-day ones. The itinerary will be ready in a week or so,\" a top BCCI official told TOI on Tuesday. The India 'A' team is scheduled to play three four-day matches, three one-dayers and two T20s in the West Indies.The New Zealand tour will be the last one of this season for the team. By the time, the players are back from New Zealand, the domestic season will be upon them. Sources said that BCCI is planning to send the A team on tours every year between the end of IPL and start of the domestic season. \"We will try to make two tours for sure every season. After all, the 'A' team is the feeder line for the senior team,\" the official added.Sources said that Indian selectors are closely monitoring the performance of the players in the West Indies ahead of the selection in the Test side. India will be playing 10 Test matches between August and March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13858027", "title": "Visits to gyms, spas will cost more", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you believe beauty comes at a price, you've just been proved right. Visits to health clubs, gyms and spas will get costlier, with the Delhi government set to levy a luxury tax on all these services.Banquet halls will be covered under the tax too, as will hotels with a daily room rent of at least Rs 750. At present, 10% luxury tax is charged on rooms with a rent of Rs 1,000 and above. Under the new regime, the levy could go up to 15%.The excise department stayed tight-lipped on the tax component to be levied, with the Delhi government on Tuesday asserting that the final levy structure would only be drawn up in the weeks ahead. However, top sources said the levy on hotel room rent over Rs 750 and up to Rs 1,000 may be kept at 10% for now.The proposal to levy luxury tax on these facilities came in the form of amendments to the Delhi Tax on Luxuries (Amendment) Bill 2012 tabled by chief minister Sheila Dikshit in the Delhi assembly on Tuesday. The Bill will be put to vote on Wednesday, the last day of the budget session.Under the proposed amendments, proprietors of banquet halls, gymnasiums, health clubs and spas with an annual turnover of over Rs 5 lakh will have to register under the Luxury Tax Act. They will have to pay the levy that will be decided by the excise department after the amendments are cleared by the assembly.The rate of luxury tax on hotel rooms was reduced to 10% from 12.5% in June 2009. Later, in 2010, the threshold limit of this levy was raised from rooms with a daily rent of Rs 500 to rooms with a rent of Rs 1,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13859317", "title": "Six workers killed as van rams lorry", "text": "CHENNAI: Six migrant workers, including a driver, were killed when a minivan rammed a parked lorry from behind on the Chennai-Bangalore Highway near Sriperumbudur around 12.30am on Tuesday.Police said the accident happened as the driver might have dozed off behind the wheel. The driver S Manikandan, 22, and migrant workers K Anil Rahouth, 19, from Orissa, S Ramdev Kalani, 45, and K Saddev, 50, from Bihar, died on the spot. K Srimann, 19, and V Kilothmagban, 26, from Bihar died at the Government General Hospital later in the day.The bodies were kept at the hospital for autopsy. Nine other migrant workers were injured and admitted to the Government General Hospital. Sriperumbudur police have filed a case under IPC Section 304A. A team from the Sriperumbudur police station rushed to the spot and shifted the injured to the nearest government hospital. Later, they were shifted to the general hospital in Chennai.The minivan, police said, was heading to a car spare parts manufacturing unit near Sriperumbudur. The migrant workers, who work on contract basis and stay in a rented accommodations in Sunguvachatiram, missed the company bus for their work shift. A contractor in the company asked Manikandan to pick up the workers from their residence. \"Manikandan was not good at driving a minivan because he is a car driver,\" a police officer said.The driver of the lorry escaped as he had gone for refreshments. Police said the driver should have switched on the parking light to alert incoming vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13859936", "title": "Four kids among 29 injured in mishap", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Around 29 passengers, including four children, were injured when a tempo-van tipped over at Kattayikonam near Sreekaryam here on Tuesday. The condition of a woman passenger is reported to be critical.The accident occurred at 1pm after the van, reportedly trying to evade a vehicle squad team, lost control and toppled. The injured were admitted to the medical college hospital and a private hospital.According to the police, the van was being operated illegally on the Pothencode-Murukumpuzha route.Eyewitnesses say the accident was caused due to rash driving. The locals and the police soon rushed to the spot and began rescue operations. The police team had to reportedly stop a KSRTC bus to take the injured to the medical college.The police also said that the van was overcrowded. Following the accident, panic gripped the medical college hospital premises after rumours spread that a school van had met with an accident.A bevy of people milled around the casualty ward just minutes after the accident. The four kids -- Athulya, Athullal, Amal Raj and Athira -- were admitted to the SAT hospital.\"The van moved so fast through the narrow lanes. It was so scary. Just as it reached the main road, I felt like being thrown over and my sister who was sitting besides me fell over my body,\" recollects Athul, a 7-year-old kid who was in the van along with his sister Athulya and mother Rajashree.Athul got a mild scratch on his forehead while Rajashree and Athulya suffered minor injuries on their head.Beena, sister of Rajashree said that Athul and Athulya, both students of Pothencode government school, usually took the school van. \"Today, Rajashree went to the school to pick them up and so they did not take the school van,\" said Beena trying to comfort Athulya who was complaining of headache.Outside the casualty ward, Naseem, a relieved grandfather was taking back his grandchildren Faisal and Farsan after getting the first aid done. Both the kids escaped without any major injuries.\"The van was travelling at great speed although it was tightly-packed,\" said Naseem who was taking his grandchildren Faisal and Farsan back after first-aid.Most of the elders suffered injuries on their legs and heads. Hospital officials said that except for one passenger all the others are out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13860169", "title": "Work on Sidhwan Canal throws traffic into disarray", "text": "LUDHIANA: Commuters are facing a tough time while crossing Dugri Chowk and Arora Palace Chowk due to the ongoing construction work on Sidhwan Canal. The work is going on for a long time now and still is beyond completion. Tardy speed of construction work has started to create unrest among the commuters.One can see serpentine queues of vehicles on the road and it takes about half an hour to pass through the stretch. People rue that even traffic cops do not come to their aid.Resident of Dugri Pardeep Sharma is one of the commuters. \"We are fed up with the continuous construction work on the Canal Road. More than two years have passed and it is not even near completion,\" he said, adding that there are many commercial and industrial units in the area that adds to the traffic flow. \"Due to the construction work, the road has become narrow adding to the woes of commuters,\" he rued.Resident of Model Town Kavita Sachdeva said, \"Apart from the construction work, there are so many electricity poles that obstruct flow of traffic. These should be removed so that vehicles get more space for movement.\"She stated that it takes about 30 minutes to pass through the stretch. \"I do not know for many days we would have to face this problem as the construction work is still going on,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13859655", "title": "Newborn girl abandoned near sewer in Chittorgarh", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another instance of discrimination against girl child, a one day-old child was found abandoned in a polythene bag near a sewerage line in Chittorgarh on Monday. A woman, who had sneaked out of a nearby women's hospital after giving birth to a baby girl on Sunday without getting her discharge ticket is the prime suspect, said police sources.According to the police, some passersby heard cries of a child near a sewerage line at Shashtri Nagar on Monday. \"When they followed the cries, they spotted a girl in a polythene bag lying on a food cart near a sewerage line,\" said circle inspector Bojar Singh Bhati. He added that the girl's head was outside the bag. She seemed to be a day-old.\"When informed, a police team rushed the girl to the Government Women's Hospital in Chittorgarh. Doctors said that the girl was suffering from fever. She is currently undergoing treatment,\" the officer said.Police have lodged an FIR against the unidentified woman. \"A woman named Veena had given birth to a baby girl on Sunday evening. She had left the hospital without getting a discharge ticket. The hospital staff says that the woman, who belongs to a nearby village, had given birth to this child,\" said the officer. However, she is yet to be traced.Several incidents of female feticide and infanticide have been reported in the state in the past even as the state government is preparing a special 'girls policy' for saving girl child.The Rajasthan High Court had summoned Jaipur commissioner of police BL Soni in March after recovery of the bodies of four fetuses from the posh colonies in Jaipur.The police commissioner had told the court that an investigation has been launched in the cases related to recovery of the infant girls' bodies. He also told the court that FIRs will be registered under Section 302 of Indian Penal Code for homicide.However, investigations into all these cases have hit a roadblock. \"With the help of medical and health department officials, we had seized documents from some private hospitals situated near the places where fetuses were found. Probe is still on as we have not been able to identify those who had abandoned these fetuses,\" said the officer.May 20 : Eight-month old girl found wrapped in a cloth near a reservation window of the Rajasthan Roadways bus stand in Bundi.May 9 : Infant girl found at the doorstep of a children's home in UdaipurApril 30 : A newborn girl was found abandoned at a burial ground in Pali districtApril 19: The fetus of a girl was found on the edge of a sewer line in Dausa town.March 31 : Fetus found in a dustbin in Jaipur's Jalupura areaMarch 29 : Two new born girls found abandoned in Shashtri Nagar and Vidhyadhar Nagar in Jaipur.March 28 : Fetus found in Sindhi Camp bus stand in Jaipur", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "seetampeta (srikakulam)", "code": "13858944", "title": "Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams to build temple on Kannedhara hill", "text": "SEETAMPETA (SRIKAKULAM): The Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) is planning to construct Lord Balaji temple on the Kannedhara Konda (hill) at Seetampeta. The hill was embroiled in a controversy over allotment of granite mining lease to minister Dharmana Prasada Rao's son Rammanohar Naidu two years ago.Sources said a four-member committee visited Sri Ramagiri temple on the hills recently and inspected the construction site for the new temple. The TTD proposed Lord Venkateswara temple atop Kannedhara in 2009.TTD officials said the construction of the temple on the Kannedhara was part of its plan to help SC/ST and fishermen communities come closer to the Lord. Sources said the TTD is planning to construct the temple in about 500 square yards. The registration of the land, which falls in the tribal area, would be allotted by the local tehsildar in the name of TTD soon, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859122", "title": "Girl ends life, leaves sister, nephew with severe burns", "text": "HYDERABAD: Unable to clear SSC exam for the third time, a 17-year-old girl committed suicide by setting herself ablaze at her residence at New Bhoiguda on Tuesday. Engulfed in flames, the victim ran into another room and collapsed on her elder sister and her 40-day-old son, causing severe burns to them as well.The vicitim was identified as Srilata, daughter of private security guard Lakshminarayana. At about 5 am, Srilata got up from sleep and told her mother Lakshmi that she was going to commit suicide. Before Lakshmi could come out of the bedroom, Srilata bolted the door. She doused herself in kerosene and set herself ablaze. \"Unable to bear the pain, Srilata held on to Nagamani tightly. With severe burns, Srilata died on the spot and Nagamani suffered 90% burns. The new-born sleeping next to his mother also suffered burns on hands and legs,\" Gandhinagar SI Y Swarajya Lakshmi said.The injured were rushed to Gandhi Hospital and their condition is said to be very critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13862499", "title": "Urumi rocks at international award fest again", "text": "Even after a year since its commercial release, it seems there's no stopping the Urumi juggernaut especially in the international award circuit.The Prithviraj-starrer has bagged the Best Film Award at the recently concluded 11th Imagine India International Film Festival, Madrid with director Santhosh Sivan clinching the honours for the Best Director.On its achievement especially in the international circuit, Santhosh says, \"I feel the honours are coming because it is a film that tells an interesting, historical story with a visual angle and because of that language is not a barrier. It allows people to identify with it easily.\"Malayalam films shined in this year's fest, in which 70 films were screened across four venues in the city, with Salim Kumar being chosen as the Best Actor. In addition to Urumi, the competition section had five films - Zoya Akhtar's Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara, Sanjay Nag's Memoirs in March , Bikramjit Gupta's Achal , Salim Ahmed's Adaminte Makan Abu and Rajesh Pillai's Traffic .Incidentally, last year too Mollywood flick Veettilekkulla Vazhi bagged the Best Film Award with Dr Biju taking home the honours for Best Director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13859334", "title": "Varanasi goes green to create awareness", "text": "VARANASI: Several events were held to mark the World Environment Day on Tueday. The year long plantation drive organised by Navdrishti Vibhuti Foundation in association with Clean Ganga Green Mission to grow around 50,000 on the banks of river Ganga in the city started on the occasion. At the same time, an organisation, Karam Sakshi distributed around 1000 saplings of plants to promote planting trees on the occasion.On the other hand, to mark the occasion around 150 skaters of Roller Skating School carried out an environment awareness rally from Piplani Katra to Maidagin. Dressed in green uniform skaters carried colourful placards with hard hitting slogans to spread the message of save environment. In a separate event, Uttar Pradesh Bharat Scouts and Guides also carried out an awareness rally from Maldahiya, which culminated at Shaheed Udyan, Sigra where a meeting was organised to discuss the issues related with the environment.Hundreds of men and women from Chunar region also carried out an awareness rally from Chunar bazaar to Chunar ghat. They also discussed several methods to make the environment green and showed their support to the undisrupted flow of water in river Ganga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858339", "title": "Decision on plastic ban soon: Maharashtra CM", "text": "MUMBAI: Further restrictions on the use of plastic could soon be imposed in the state. CM Prithviraj Chavan said a proposal to ban the use of plastic would be taken soon.The environment department proposed to extend the ambit of the ban to include thermocol and other plastic items. On World Environment Day on Tuesday, Chavan supported the idea of a ban on plastic and even include thermocol and other plastic items.Mayor Sunil Prabhu and BMC chief Sitaram Kunte appealed to citizens to make Mumbai green by planting more trees and to be more environmentally conscious. They have also asked citizens to not litter as this clogs drains and leads to water-logging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13858773", "title": "2 rescued child workers complete class 10 exam with flying colours", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two children, who were rescued by National Child Labour Project (NCLP) officials in the district and restored to their parents, have scored more than 400 marks in the class 10 public examination. S Saranya who was rescued from a tea stall has scored 456 marks out of 500 while S Patteeswaran who was forced into manual labour has scored 408 marks. They were closely monitored after they were handed back to their parents by NCLP officials.Saranya, a native of Kanthan Kudiyiruppu in Thoothukudi district, had come to Coimbatore with her father Y Sermadurai and mother Jaya in 2010. The family took a rented house at Karadimadai in Coimbatore district and started a tea stall. She had completed class 8 in her home town but had failed to get her transfer certificate. Consequently, she started helping out at the tea shop. When she was rescued by NCLP officials she had expressed a keen interest in continuing her studies. Her father was advised by officials to enable her to go back to school. With their support, she was enrolled at the Chennanur government higher secondary school and successfully completed her class 10 exam scoring 456 marks out of 500.\"When I worked at the tea stall, I was afraid that I would not be able to fulfill my dream of becoming a teacher. But thanks to the officials, I've been given a second chance,\" said Saranya.Patteeswaran resides at Arivozhi Nagar near Madukkarai along with his father P Subramani and Mother S Jothi. Due to poverty, he was forced to join work with his father who loaded sand on trucks. He was rescued two years ago and enrolled at the government higher secondary school at Madukkarai, successfully completing his class 10 exams scoring 408 marks out of 500.\"I had to work to support my family. Now, I am eager to complete my studies and become a civil engineer. I plan to continue in the same school,\" said Patteeswaran.\"We support child labourers to help them continue their school education. If they are successful, the government will give them financial aid to complete their higher education ,\" said D Vijayakumar, Director of NCPL, Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13857564", "title": "Doctors feel Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation sting over malaria", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the rising number of mosquito-borne cases in the city\u2014malaria in particular\u2014the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has made it mandatory for all the private general practitioners to prescribe malaria treatment as mentioned in the new drug policy of the union health department. The AMC health officials suspect that the sudden onslaught of malaria cases in the city is a result of relapse of such cases in patients. \"We may suspect that the malarial parasite may have mutated, but it is also a fact that the malaria patients are not responding to the archaic treatment that is being prescribed by doctors these days. Many patients do not even bother to complete the medicine course, thereby increasing their chances of a relapse,\" says Mohapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13859658", "title": "Civil bodies against clean credit for Tawang dam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Several organisations have categorically opposed granting of clean development mechanism (CDM) credit under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) to the 780-MW Nyamjang Chhu hydropower project in Arunachal Pradesh's Tawang district, bordering China.Under UNFCCC, CDM projects in developing countries can earn certified emission reduction credit, which is saleable and can be used by industrialized countries to meet part of their emission reduction target under the Kyoto Protocol. A private project developer involved in the construction of Nyamjang Chhu project has submitted a proposal to UNFCCC for considering the project for CDM credit.The protesting organisations - Arunachal's Save Mon Region Federation (SMRF), Assam's Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) and Rural Volunteers Centre (RVC), Manipur's Citizens Committee on Dams and Development (CCDD) and New Delhi's South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers &amp; People (SANDRP) - have argued that the project would actually emerge as an emitter of greenhouse gases resulting from tree felling, submergence of forest and organic matter, boring of tunnels, sudden release of water from powerhouses and emissions from movement of vehicles. They said over 9,000 trees will be felled in 89 hectare of forest land for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858488", "title": "Keep your date with Venus", "text": "BANGALORE: If you do not look at the sky today, then you'll have to wait till 2117. Backlit by the Sun, as the bird flies across, its silhouette has often made for picture-perfect moments.\"Today's transit of Venus across the Sun is no different,\" confirms Dr E Ebenezer, scientist, Radio Astronomy group at the Indian Institute of Astrophysics. \"Only Venus and Mercury can transit this way as they appear before the Earth in the solar system,\" he adds. The next transit of this nature, as recorded by scientists, is slotted to occur 105 years later - in December 2117. For Akshay Kumar MA, student of Jain College who is spearheading the Sheraton Astronomy Club, this phenomenon goes beyond just witnessing it.\"I am at Nikaya Observatory with enthusiastic astronomers. Today's transit is significant given that Venus is coming in between the Sun and the Earth. Several scientific conclusions can be drawn from it.We can find the exact distance between Sun and Earth and also calculate the Sun's diameter,\" he says. \"For the layperson, there are many ways of watching it. While some will opt for a telescope, people in earlier times used to mix cow dung in water and watch the Sun's reflection in it. Both the methods are safe. Today, it's important to watch the transit through a space filter,\" explains Dr Sujata Virdhe, former Isro scientist and founder of Sunday Science School. She has also designed Nebula Solar Goggles, which has been put through various tests to sanctify the power of its solar filter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "the first form of happiness is sound health, one should partake nutritious, balanced food to keep the body healthy. so it is essential to maintain the health of the mind and body simultaneously. rig veda * to keep the body in good health is a duty...otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear. gautama buddha * he will cover you with his feathers, and under his wings you will find refuge; his faithfulness will be your shield and rampart. psalm 91", "code": "13854348", "title": "Good health", "text": "The first form of happiness is sound health, one should partake nutritious, balanced food to keep the body healthy. So it is essential to maintain the health of the mind and body simultaneously. Rig Veda * To keep the body in good health is a duty...otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear. Gautama Buddha * He will cover you with his feathers, and under his wings you will find refuge; his faithfulness will be your shield and rampart. Psalm 91:4 * Health is a state of complete harmony of the body, mind and spirit. When one is free from physical disabilities and mental distractions, the gates of the soul open. B K S Iyengar * Health is a large word. It embraces not the body only, but the mind and spirit as well. James H West", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13860266", "title": "Lucknow's local bodies poll advanced by a day", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh State Election Commission advanced the election dates for Lucknow local bodies polls through an amendment notification on Tuesday evening. With this, the elections will now be held on June 23 instead of June 24. Additional election commissioner, JP Singh said that a decision to this effect has been taken in wake of two major competitive examinations slated for June 24.\" District election officer, Lucknow had submitted an application in this regard. He informed that the railway group B entrance exam is slated for June 24. More than 55,000 candidates are expected to take the exam at 55 centres across the city. As many as 15 exam centres have been listed as polling stations. Not only this, the University Grants Commission's National Eligibility Test for teaching in higher education is also scheduled for the day. As many as 19,450 candidates are expected to take the UGC NET at 14 centres including two polling stations. The overlapping could have affected the electoral process. Therefore, the commission decided to advanced the elections by a day,\" Singh told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858420", "title": "Prithviraj Chavan's hometown gets regional transport office, but Borivli one still on paper", "text": "MUMBAI: The state recently got its 50th regional transport office (RTO) in chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's hometown Karad. But the 47th RTO, supposed to come up in Borivli, is still on the drawing board.Currently, there are just three RTOs-Tardeo, Wadala and Andheri-in Mumbai, which collectively receive 1,200 driving licence applications and register 1,000 vehicles per day.Though the government gave its in-principle approval to the Borivli RTO project over a year ago, little has changed on the ground and no land has yet been acquired for the office. Sources said the state transport department has already allotted the series MH-47 for the Borivli RTO.A transport official said, \"There is an urgent need to set up the Borivli RTO as it would ease the burden of the Andheri RTO, which is short-staffed and has a huge backlog of licences, renewals and registration documents.\"The number of vehicles has increased considerably in the western suburbs (from Bandra to Dahisar) in the last decade. This is evident from the fact that 40% of driving licence applications and 50% of vehicle registrations in the city are handled by the Andheri RTO.A few months ago, officials identified a government plot in Borivli for the RTO office. \"The Andheri RTO then wrote to the government seeking its permission to acquire the land. The proposal has since been gathering dust in Mantralaya,\" an RTO official said.Recently, the Andheri RTO was bombarded with complaints from citizens and autorickshaw/taxi unions as licence renewals had been delayed by over two months. TOI learnt that 50-55% of the posts at the Andheri RTO were lying vacant. Another official told TOI, \"Citizens will benefit if workload is bifurcated in the western suburbs. The chief minister should intervene and intervene and expedite the process of setting up the Borivli RTO.\"Sources said a new batch of clerks will be recruited in June and could be posted at the Borivli RTO. \"We also need more assistant and deputy RTOs,\" said a source.When contacted, auto union leader Thampy Kurian too agreed that another RTO in the western suburbs would solve the problem of regular delays in getting licences renewed. Another union leader Shashank Rao said he had complained to Andheri RTO about auto drivers not getting licences renewed for more than two months. \"Without a licence, he will not be able to ply autos. It will create shortage of autos and will also affect his livelihood,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860313", "title": "KSRTC to soon begin work on new bus station", "text": "KOCHI: If everything goes as planned, KSRTC will soon begin construction of a new bus station at Thevara to facilitate shifting of operations of Thriu-Kochi services from Ernakulam main depot. Once the stand is completed, the operations of around 40 Thiru-Kochi services will be based in Thevara.Confirming the developments, KSRTC assistant transport officer (ATO) C Venugopal said, \"We have been asked to draft a project which includes a sketch and estimate. The preliminary plan is to construct a building with basic amenities, facilities for employees and required bus bays,\" he said.Recently KSRTC general manager G Venugopal visited the premises at Thevara and asked officials to submit a detailed project report by June 15. As per the plan, the transport corporation expects to invite tenders for the renovation works by June 30.\"We plan to start the actual work by July. In August, more buses will be included in the city service fleet and hence we want to complete the work at the earliest,\" he added.The move is expected to benefit commuters in western Kochi. KSRTC's decision to reroute long distance buses through Vytilla mobility hub (VMH) had created problems for commuters in places like Edakochi, Palluruthy, Thoppumpady and Thevara.Earlier, barring a few services which proceeded through Aroor bypass, the remaining used to enter the city through the Thoppumpady bridge ensuring better connectivity to west Kochi.Currently, Thiru-Kochi and other short-distance services operate from Ernakulam main depot. Long-distance buses, which begin or terminate their journey at Ernakulam, also operate from this depot.\"The main depot is already congested. It is difficult to accommodate more buses in this terminal. The new facility at Thevara will cater to only city buses,\" said C Venugopal.The ATO also said the problem of staff shortage would be addressed by June 15.The training for about 300 temporary conductors recruited through the employment exchange will begin on Wednesday. KSRTC has also held discussions with the Kerala State Construction Corporation for speeding up the work related to levelling of land used as parking facility at Ernakulam depot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "13861084", "title": "Quarry owners begin stir in Mandya", "text": "MANDYA: Owners of quarries and stone crushers began their indefinite dharna in front of the DC's office under the aegis of District Quarries and Stone Crushers Association, protesting alleged police atrocities against them in Mandya.Association president M Ramakrishna said that legitimate quarrying business is being affected by frequent police raids on quarrying units and subsequent registering of cases against owners under Explosive Act for using explosives without proper licenses. He alleged that though owners had applied for explosive licenses a year ago, the district administration was hounding them.\"We had requested the DC to issue the explosive licenses one-and-half-years ago. He failed to do so. On the other hand, police is frequently raiding quarries and booking cases,\" Ramakrishna added.He lamented that though owners had been assured by district minister R Ashoks that police will not raid quarries till licenses were issued by the competent authority, police continues to book cases against owners. Association's office bearers and quarry workers are participating in the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13858379", "title": "Corporation of the City of Panaji ready to deal with the monsoon, says Sanjit", "text": "PANAJI: While Panaji has faced flooding and other monsoon-related woes in the past, Sanjit Rodrigues, commissioner of the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) has said that the city is prepared to face the monsoon this year.Speaking to TOI, Rodrigues said, \"The monsoon works are nearing completion and will be completed latest by Wednesday.\"\"We have done our best in the short span of time that was available to us,\" Rodrigues said. The commissioner felt that certain natural factors such as the location of the city of Panaji on the river bank and the intensity of the monsoon needs to be taken into consideration when dealing with the accumulation of water.He said that with the construction of new drains certain areas prone to flooding would not witness the same this year. \"A new storm water drain has been constructed along the Dayanand Bandodkar Marg among other areas,\" he added. The CCP commissioner expressed confidence stating that \"we are prepared for the monsoon.\"The squads have been created by the CCP to deal with any unforeseen eventuality. The CCP has been working in tandem with the fire services and forest department with regard to the pruning of trees, he said while brushing off claims that excessive pruning has been carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13860798", "title": "City to have 1,966 polling centres", "text": "KANPUR: One polling centre would have 15 booths in the forthcoming civic elections in Kanpur. In all, there would be 1966 polling centres.For instance, the polling centre at Chacha Nehru Hospital in ward number 2 in Laxmipurwa, there will be 15 booths and more than 18,000 voters would cast their votes. According to the guidelines of the State Election Commission, a polling centre would have maximum five booths but due to non-availability of buildings for the polling centres, that rule could not be implemented.Keeping the hot weather conditions in mind, state election commissioner S K Agarwal had ordered that as many as 500 voters could be attached to one booth to avoid long queues.KNN had earlier planned to set up as many as 1,800 polling centres across the city. But after the directives of State Election Commission, the number of polling centres had been enhanced.Now the voting would be held at 1,966 polling centres. Even then, there are above 100 polling centres with more than five booths.Polling centre for ward 21 is at Bharatiya Inter College in Raipurwa and there are 11 booths for 11,772 voters.Government Inter College Chunniganj polling centre has 10 booths for nearly 5,000 voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13860946", "title": "Beedi workers end their 11-day agitation", "text": "MANGALORE: Members of the Karnataka State Beedi Workers Federation on Tuesday ended a 12-day agitation seeking the implementation of minimum wages prescribed by the minimum wages sub-committee of the labour department. They called off the agitation after the department notified the minimum wages in the state Gazette.B Madhava, president of the federation told The Times of India that the beedi companies could have straight away implemented the revised minimum wages of Rs 116.20 as decided unanimously at the meeting of the sub-committee appointed by the state government. \"While the recommendations of the sub-committee should have been implemented from April 1, beedi companies dilly-dallied on the issue, insisting that the decision be first notified in the state Gazette,\" Madhava said. The indefinite strike was launched on May 25.Madhava said the beedi companies should implement the minimum wages immediately and not delay any further as their demand has been met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858604", "title": "Convict on parole, 3 aides loot biker", "text": "BANGALORE: A convict who was jailed for murder in 2003 was on Monday arrested on charges of robbing a city resident during parole.Basavaraju alias Basava alias Roga, 31, of Banashankari III Stage allegedly committed the crime on May 25 when he was on parole. With three former jailmates for his company, Roga attacked Mahesh who was riding a motorbike on 100 feet road in Banashankari III Stage and snatched Rs40,000 in cash from him.Mahesh's cries for help drew Girinagar policemen on night patrol but only two of the four culprits could be nabbed.Ex-jailmates join himSai Prasad alias Prasad,22, who got out of the jail after being arrested for stealing 26 four-wheelers and Karthik Kumar, 20, of Attibele in Anekal taluk were the other two arrested. They told police that Roga was the brain behind the crime. Giringar police obtained a production warrant and took Roga into custody. Roga confessed to his crime.However, no money was re covered from any of them. Police are looking for t he fourth culprit, H arish alias Kencha, 23, of Hosakerehalli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13860240", "title": "25 child labourers rescued in Alipur", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twenty-five children working in rice export units in Alipur were rescued on Tuesday and their three employers were arrested.The rescue operation was led by sub divisional magistrate Rajneesh Kumar Singh. Police officers, officials from labour department and activists of NGO Bachpan Bachao Andolan were part of the raiding party.All children are below the age of 15. They were trafficked by local agents from the villages of Bihar and UP and were engaged in the rice export unit wherein they used to stitch bags for storage. \"The children would work for at least 10 hours a day and get Rs 20-Rs 50,\" R S Chaurasia, chairman of BBA, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13860497", "title": "Century's last look at Venus transit today", "text": "MUMBAI: Stargazers have passed around cardboard eclipse glasses and set up special telescopes to watch oncein-a-lifetime sight of Venus passing in front of the sun on Wednesday. It is also a rare opportunity for the astronomers to fine-tune tools that they use in search of planets that support life outside of our solar system.For, after Wednesday, for the next 105 years till 2117, Venus will not pass between sun and Earth. The last event was on June 8, 2004.In Mumbai, the transit will begin at 6am and end at 10.19am. According to Nasa , the transit will be the seventh one since the invention of telescope. The space agency's Solar Dynamics Observatory spacecraft will carry out studies to calibrate its instruments as well as learn more about Venus' atmosphere.The transit comes at a time when India is exploring the possibility of launching an unmanned scientific mission to Venus. If it gets the goahead, it could lift off from Sriharikota on May 20, 2015 arriving in Venus in October 2015 with five scientific instruments.\"Yes, there is a lot of excitement, because it is the last time when most of us can see it. It has a historical significance too because it has helped us to develop a better understanding of the solar system and also estimate the distance between Earth and sun,\" said Nehru Planetarium director Arvind Paranjpye. He said the velocity of Venus across the sun is expected to be 35.2 km per second.\"The inclination of Venus' orbit will make it favourable for public to view the spectacle,\" Khagol Mandal programme organizer Milind Kale told TOI.Nehru Science Centre director Anil Manekar said the celestial event helps, particularly students, to develop a scientific bend of mind and \"no one should spread any myths about them\".Historical significance: Transit of Venus first gained worldwide attention in the 18th century. According to Nasa, in those days the size of the solar system was one of the biggest mysteries of science. The relative spacing of planets was known, but not their absolute distances. Venus was the key, according to world famous astronomerEdmund Halley. This idea galvanized scientists, who set off on expeditions around the world to view a pair of Venus transits in the 1760s.Rare astronomical event viewing time: First contact: 3.40am Second Contact: 3.57am Greatest Contact: 7.01am, when distance between Venus and sun will be minimum Third Contact: 10.02am Fourth and Final Contact: 10.19am (Source: Khagol Mandal)What not to do? Don't look at the sun with naked eyes, nor with goggles Sun goggles are only meant to protect eyes from reflected sunlight Not safe to look at sun's reflection in water Never use any optical instruments like binoculars or telescopes Don't use lamp blackened glass as it may permit unwanted rays to pass through it Don't use photographic material to watch the transitWhere to watch in Mumbai? Khagol Mandal, the largest organisation of amateur astronomers in Mumbai, has made arrangements for public to view the Venus transit on Wednesday at these places in and around Mumbai. ShivajiPark, Dadar Marathi Vidnyan Parishad, Chunabhatti Near Kalwa Bridge, Thane (W) Bopardi Hill, Dombivili (E) Abhinav High School, MIDC, Dombivili Lokgram, Kalyan (E) Phadke Garden, LalChowki, Kalyan (W) East-West flyover, Badlapur Father Agnel High School, Vashi Vasant Alap, Market Yard, Old Panvel Vidya Prabodhini High School, Nashik Nehru Planetarium, WorliHow to watch safely? Use proper certified solar viewer Preferably use no. 16 welder's glass Use only new glass, not discarded or used glass Pinhole technique can be used to see the sun's image Make a small hole in an opaque cardsheet, and see the image formed on the ground Also, can be viewed using a plane mirror Use a very small mirror (not more than 1cm x 1cm) and view the sun's reflection at a distant wall (Safety tips given by Nehru Planetarium)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13858999", "title": "Three more nabbed in jewellery heist case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police nabbed three more persons allegedly involved in the daring jewellery heist at Begum Bazaar and recovered 2.4 kg stolen gold and 80 kgs silver and from their possession.On May 28 night, burglars broke into Rudrangi Prakash &amp; Sons jewellers at Rangachari Lane in Begum Bazaar and escaped with a huge quantity of silver and gold. In their complaint to police on May 29, the jewellers stated that they had lost 2.5 kg gold and 112 kg silver jewellery. A special team began probe and picked up a local auto driver and his associate. Police recovered a small quantity of stolen booty from them and based on the information provided by the duo, they discovered that six persons had participated in the burglary and all of them hail from Rajasthan. The duo also informed police that their associates had fled to Rajasthan.The special team then went to Jalore in Rajasthan, the native place of the absconding four persons, and nabbed three of them there. Based on the information provided by them, police recovered 80 kg silver and 2.4 kg gold from a small room in Begum Bazaar area. The culprits would be brought to the city on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860035", "title": "Varapuzha sex case: Accused booked for bid to click victim's photo", "text": "KOCHI: An advocate who is an accused in the Varapuzha sex case, and his wife landed in trouble after they reportedly took pictures of the girl victim on Tuesday while she was being brought to the Aluva sub-jail for identification parade. Police said they had registered a case against advocate Vimal Roy and his wife Lakshmi Prabha for taking the picture of the minor girl involved in the case. \"A case has been registered against the couple. They have been arrested and will be released on bail. It is an offence to take the picture of a minor girl involved in a sex case,\" the officials said.The girl was brought to the jail to identify the advocate who had allegedly sexually abused her. Police said the victim had identified the accused Vimal Roy.The parade was conducted as there were allegations that the advocate was trying to influence police officials to extricate himself from the case. He managed to get an anticipatory bail after he moved a petition submitting that he was being falsely implicated in the case.\"The girl has identified the accused and we will now seek legal advice on whether we should arrest him,\" the police officials said.The case in which the minor girl was sexually abused by over 100 persons hit the headlines after police arrested Sobha John, a criminal who had supplied the girl to many influential persons.Police were able to collect details of more persons involved in the case after Sobha John had revealed the names of the persons to whom she had supplied the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858179", "title": "5-hr nightmare on Western Express Highway as bus breaks down on flyover", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters on the Western Express Highway had a harrowing time in the morning peak hour on Tuesday when a tourist bus broke down on the JVLR flyover, causing a snarl for five-and-a-half hours.Motorists had a harrowing time during morning peak hour on Tuesday as a tourist bus breaking down on the Western Express Highway caused a traffic snarl for five and a half hours.Traffic police said wheels of a Volvo, belonging to a travel agency, got jammed. After efforts to tow the bus away from Jogeshawri with the help of a crane came to a naught, the vehicle company's technicians had to be called for help. By the time the bus could be moved, vehicles on both arms of the highway had been stalled in long queues, one reaching Dahisar one one side and the other Vile Parle.\"Around 30 to 40 traffic policemen, from all the outposts in the western suburbs, were roped in for the operation,\" senior traffic inspector Vinayak Mule said. \"The Volvo, headed southwards, had no passenger on board. One of our officials spotted the bus breaking down on JVLR flyover around 8am and alerted the control room. We sent a crane around 8.45am, but the wheels could not be moved. We then had to call Volvo technicians who arrived around noon. They used a computerized program to start the bus and towed it away around 1.30pm.\"The breakdown left the entire stretch a nightmare for commuters. Media professional Sanket Shenoy said he took an hour and a half to go from Kandivli to Goregaon. \"It was chaotic. Office-goers were the worst affected,\" I hoped that by the time I reached the highway the snarl would be cleared as the bus had already been stuck there for several hours,\"Shenoy said.To ease the congestion, the traffic police did not allow any north-bound vehicle on the flyover and opened it for those headed south. The north-bound traffic was diverted below the flyover. , and the traffic police also broke down the dividers at the beginning and end of the bridge to make way for vehicles. As a result, south-bound vehicles had to veer slightly towards the free north-bound arm to get onto the flyover and to climb down it, they had to veer back to the south-bound arm.The cops also broke down the divider at the ends of the flyover. The efforts seemed to yield little result. \"The traffic backlog on the north-bound arm stretched from Jogeshwari to Vile Parle,\" said IT professional Payal Khanna. Another commuter said the jam extended till Dahisar on the other side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13857844", "title": "Finishing is an area of concern, says Nobbs", "text": "MUMBAI: When the list of hockey probables for the Olympics was announced, it was India's defence that appeared the shakiest. But now, another problem which has racked the nation for years - the forward line's poor record of converting chances in the circle - has begun to haunt the team.\"We have to work a lot on our attack. Defenders worldwide have become very compact and getting short corners has become equally difficult,\" chief coach Michael Nobbs said on arrival from Ipoh , Malaysia , where India finished with a bronze medal.\"The role of the forwards is not just to earn us short corners, they also have to penetrate inside the D and get into scoring positions. But our forwards are still not as sharp. During our match against Argentina, we had 44 circle penetrations but the boys just couldn't deliver the final blow. At the Olympics, we are going to play against top teams and if we don't make the most of these chances, we are in trouble,\" Nobbs said.Nobbs said India's defence had shaped up to his expectations and admitted that the forwards have to pull their socks up.He also rued the fact that in the build-up to the London Games, India have not managed to play substantial games against top teams like The Netherlands, Australia and Germany.\"We are a touch short on match practice against the really tough teams. Ideally, I would have liked to play against Germany, Holland and Australia a fair bit more. If we are hoping to be a top team in the world then we definitely need to play a lot more against the best teams,\" Nobbs stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "13859765", "title": "Merapani villagers foil Naga encroachment", "text": "JORHAT: Villagers of the Merapani area along the Assam-Nagaland border in Golaghat district foiled a possible encroachment bid of Naga miscreants on Tuesday by chasing away a group of armed Nagas from the Kolajan Garbasti area.The villagers also recovered two guns and four daos before the Naga group managed to flee the spot. Later, the villagers deposited weapons to CRPF neutral force and police for taking action. OC of Merapani police station Jayantajit Sinha said, \"A group of Assamese villagers chased away some Naga miscreants from Kolajan Garbasti area when the Nagas cut down trees to occupy a vast area of Assam land. The angry Assamese men also recovered two SBBL guns and some other weapons from the spot. However, the Naga group fled the spot before police arrived there.\"He added that the Nagas have been trying to occupy a vast area of Assam land at Kolajan Garbasti and Kolajan Tarani area for the past few days. They have damaged a forest land in the said area by cutting down trees. But on Tuesday, the encroachers were caught red-handed by Assamese villagers and they chased the Nagas from Assam land.An Assamese villager said, \"A group of Naga miscreants, coming from Mikirang Hilly Basti in Wokha district, is trying to occupy a vast area of Assam land in 'D' sector along the border. They made their first encroachment bid on April 26 and since then their efforts are on. But due to strong protest from our locals, they have failed to occupy our land so far but damaged some forest land here by taking advantage of the administration's silence.\"Naga encroachment in the three upper Assam districts of Sivasagar, Jorhat and Golaghat is unabated and is on the rise over the last few months. In May, the Nagas destroyed more than 200 bighas of tea garden land in the Geleki area under Nazira subdivision in Sivasagar district in two separate incidents. In April, Nagas burnt a vast area of forest land in Tiru Hills Reserve Forest in Jorhat district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13857653", "title": "How lion king got nawabi reprieve", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Nawabs of Junagadh were trying desperately to save lions that were already dwindling in number. Had it been not been a diktat from the Viceroy of India - George Curzon, it would have been difficult for the local rulers to ward off requests from other royals to hunt big cats.In 1900, Nawab Rasulkhanji of Junagadh invited the viceroy for lion hunting, a minimal gesture of courtesy a state had to show to their British masters. However, the day Curzon received invitation; he was apprised of a letter published in a leading Bombay daily by a prominent citizen.AM Mosse recorded the incident in his 'The Lion of the Gir' that was published in Journal of Bombay Natural History Society. He mentioned that the letter was published titled as 'Viceroy or Vandal' criticizing Curzon's acceptance of invite in wake of reducing lion population, which were estimated at just 12 then. This prompted Curzon to cancel his hunting excursion.\"In the event, Curzon did not go to the Gir, he returned from Junagadh and urged the Nawab to give these animals strict protection,\" writes Divyabhanusinh in his 'Junagadh State and its Lions: Conservation in Princely India'.Though he was against hunting of big cats, Curzon's abstaining from shooting forced the Nawab to express his disappointment. On November 27, 1900, he wrote to the viceroy, \"I cannot but observe here that I fully appreciated and admired your noble consideration in abandoning the lion shooting. Your Excellency's giving up the idea has greatly disappointed me... I propose however to approach your Excellency later on with the request to favour me with a shooting excursion in the Gir before your Excellency's departure from India.\"However, Curzon hoped that his example of restraint would be followed. He wrote to the Burma Game Preservation Association in 1902 how he was \"on the verge of contributing to their (lions) still further reduction ... but fortunately I found out my mistake in time, and was able to adopt a restraint which I hope that others will follow\".Many British officials did not follow him, but Curzon's advice was a great excuse for local rulers and British administration to turn down lion hunting requests from other princely states. But some those who were not allowed to hunt down lions later were Kumar Shri Vijayrajji of Kutch, Maharaja Jam Saheb Ranjitsinhji of Navanagar, Maharaja Ganga Singh of Bikaner and the Raja of Poonch from J&amp;K.;", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859963", "title": "Now, CBI to probe BEML\u2019s ARV deal with Army", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Tatra trucks, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is focusing on the procurement of armoured recovery vehicles (ARV) WZT-3 to the Army by defence PSU BEML, said sources. The ministry of defence had asked the agency to conduct an elaborate investigation into the entire affairs of BEML, including the supply of ARVs.A senior CBI officer said, \"Our Tatra procurement probe also focuses on ARVs. We had questioned BEML officials in connection with the ARVs as well when we called them to ask about Tatra trucks.\"On ARVs too, there are complaints of exorbitant prices for spare parts and lack of efforts to indigenize the vehicle. ARV WZT-3, supplied by Bumar of Poland, is based on a T-72 tank chassis and was introduced in the force more than a decade ago. BEML has denied any such problems with the ARV supply.An assessment shows that BEML has been charging the Army exorbitant rates for the vehicles' spare parts. The BEML offer at certain instances 20-30 times more than the estimated rates based on pervious receipts. For example, 'non-return valve', for which the estimated rate is Rs 1608.81, was supplied by BEML at Rs 39,550 in 2008-09. The 'small bolts for track links', of which the estimated rate was Rs 424.70, was sold by BEML at Rs 15,480 in the same year. A mere 'nut in the set', estimated to cost Rs 192.08, was sold at Rs 5,505.\"We are looking at exorbitant prices and slow indigenization of the vehicle, as asked by the MoD,\" said a CBI officer. CBI is being assisted by two Army Colonels to decipher the technical complications of the deals.BEML has exclusive rights to manufacture and sell the ARV and its spare parts in India under a transfer of technology agreement with Bumar.Army sources complain that the higher rates for spare parts were causing serious concern because the overhaul of ARVs was coming up soon, necessitating huge increase in demand for them. BEML would not be able to meet the requirements because they have not setup for any manufacturing facility, they complain.Army sources also say that there are engineer-ing support issues, includ-ing jerking of crane during slowing and failure of main winch reducer assembly. Sources in CBI say that they are looking at all these irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13862411", "title": "MoU for setting up a Design Innovation Centre", "text": "Pradyumna Vyas, director, National Institute of Design (NID) and DC Patnaik, CEO and financial advisor, Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) in the presence of Devendrakumar R Desai, chairman, KVIC for setting up a KVIC-NID Design Innovation Centre at NID.On this occasion, Vyas said, \"We have gone in for an agreement where NID will offer student and faculty support to the prolific khadi industry in the arena of packaging, branding, retail and product design for hastening development in rural India, one where benefits will accrue at the micro and macro levels.\"The MoU aims at a strategic alliance between KVIC and NID, with a view to reinforce best design practices with participation of young designers, design service providers and design professionals under the NID umbrella, for the benefit of the khadi and village industry.The areas of thrust shall be need assessment, product development, technology upgradation, developing standardisation and quality assurance norms, packaging design and promotional strategies for khadi and village industry products.This MoU allows NID and KVIC to work together on a continuous basis for undertaking design related projects for the Khadi and Village Industries sector. This will be an excellent platform for all inclined, to experience and contribute to the sector through interdisciplinary team effort.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "13858655", "title": "Ex-minister Satyanarayan Dudhani dies in Dhanbad", "text": "DHANBAD: Senior BJP leader and one of the founders of the erstwhile Jansangh in undivided Bihar, Satyanarayan Dudhani, (81) died of heart attack late on Monday night.Dudhani, who represented Tundi assembly constituency in the district thrice in the Bihar assembly, was the minister of state for finance in the Karpoori Thakur-led ministry in 1971. Born in January 1932, he started his political career as a mukhiya of Govindpur.He is survived by his wife and two sons, Sharad and Hemnat, both leading businessmen of Dhanbad. A large number of BJP workers visited his Upper Bazar residence at Govindpur to offer condolences to the bereaved family.Last rites were performed at Khidya Ghat on the banks of the Khudiya near Govindpur. He was given a state funeral on the instructions of chief minister Arjun Munda , who paid tributes to the late minister and recalled his contribution to the party and the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13860110", "title": "Food and Drugs Administration to check illegal sale of abortion pills", "text": "PUNE: The Pune division of the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) has decided to prevent misuse of abortion pills and take action against those selling them without prescriptions.State chief secretary Jayanth Kumar Banthia on Monday had directed municipal commissioners and district collectors to carry out surprise inspection drives at sonography centres in their respective areas. He had issued directions to FDA to be extra vigilant about the unlawful sale of abortion drugs. The order came in view of the rising number of cases of female foeticide in the state.\"A high-level meeting of FDA officials was held in Mumbai on Tuesday, following the chief secretary's directions. The state FDA commissioner has asked us to initiate a special drive to tighten monitoring mechanism vis-a-vis sale and use of abortion drugs. The aim is to sensitise chemists against its unlawful sale, educate people and initiate action against those found indulging in its unlawful sale,\" B R Masal, joint commissioner (drugs), FDA, Pune division, told TOI on Tuesday.Masal said, \"Abortion pills or medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) pills are included in the drug inspector's routine inspection checklist. This means that we keep a regular check to ensure that such medicines are not sold without prescription. The aim of initiating the special drive is to sensitise and educate chemists, doctors and the public and tighten the existing monitoring mechanism,\" Masal said.The FDA administration will begin conducting surprise raids. It has warned chemists to refrain from over-the-counter sale of drugs that help induce termination of pregnancy up to seven weeks.In its report on July 18, 2011, 'Misuse of 'A' pills rising', TOI had highlighted how abortion pills are among the most abused medicaments in the city. A strict law which categorically maintains that the drug should be sold only when a prescription from a gynaecologist or a registered medical practitioner recognised by the MTP Act, 1971, is produced, is often discarded.\"All FDA officials from Pune, Satara, Sangli, Kolhapur and Solapur that come under Pune division will be told to ensure that chemists in their areas do not indulge in over-the-counter sale of abortion pills,\" Masal said.Any chemist bending the rules will be served a show-cause notice and may have his/her licence suspended under the Drug and Cosmetics Act, 1940, he added.Abortion pills are not morning-after pills that are taken within 72 hours of unprotected intercourse so that conception does not occur. The MTP pills are to be taken when the pregnancy is proved and the person is not willing to carry on with it, irrespective of the sex of the foetus. The morning-after pill is taken before missing the monthly period, while abortion pills are taken after missing it.The pill shows 85% to 97% rate of success, although the side-effects remain similar like abdominal pain and bleeding (attributed to the process of abortion), vomiting and nausea (on account of pregnancy) and in some cases, diarrhoea and fever. The side effects could vary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13859948", "title": "Kerala governor clears state information commission appointments", "text": "KOCHI: Acting governor H R Bharadwaj has cleared the appointment of two new members to the State Information Commission, despite criticisms that they are political nominees. The new members - Vithura Sasi and Kuriyas Kumbalakuzhi - are likely to be sworn in on June 13, according to commission sources.Sources told TOI here that Bharadwaj, who is also the governor of Karnataka, had informed the commission of his inability to attend the swearing-in ceremony of the new members.He has asked Chief Information Commissioner (CIC) Siby Mathews to go ahead with the swearing-in in consultation with the new member-designates.With this the number of members in the State Information Commission (SIC) will go up to six, including the CIC.Civil society groups in the state had earlier objected to the appointment of new members alleging that the government had not followed any selection process in appointing them and that both of them had political links.General secretary of Human Rights Defence Forum D B Binu had urged the governor to return the recommendation for appointment of the two politicians as State Information Commissioners.The selection committee which made the recommendation is headed by chief minister Oommen Chandy while leader of the opposition V S Achuthanandan is a member.The forum had filed a writ petition before the high court, seeking a fair and reasonable procedure affording opportunity to all qualified and interested persons in the state to apply for the posts of information commissioners.The case is still pending before the high court.Interestingly, the previous LDF government had also faced criticisms when it appointed Soni B Thengamom, to the commission - though he had resigned all his Communist Party of India party positions just before the nomination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13858741", "title": "Pollution level in Ranchi increased after year 2000", "text": "RANCHI: The pollution level in Ranchi has increased immensely after it became the capital city in 2000. The environmental engineers say the main reason of increase in pollution is increase in population.Sudhir Kumar, senior environmental engineer of Jharkhand State Pollution Control Board, said: \"The population in Ranchi has increased ten times more than what it was 12 years ago. This has resulted in the increase in pollution level in the city.\"Water pollution is the biggest problem in the state capital and not much is being done either by the government or the public to reduce it. \"The pollution parameters have increased in Harmu river. There is only one sewerage treatment plant in the city which is neither sufficient for the whole city nor is it functioning properly,\" said Kumar.Another pollutant is the bio medical waste for which no proper disposal facility is provided. Not a single hospital of the city other than RIMS has facility for bio medical waste disposal and even the one in RIMS is not sufficient, says Kumar.\"We are planning to establish two combined bio medical waste treatment facilities on 'build operate and own' mode in which the company taking up the project will build, operate and own the waste disposal plant though pollution board will regulate it,\" Kumar said.The number of vehicles on the road has increased 20 times since 2000, thus, leading to an increase in air pollution. Kumar said \"The ambient air quality has become very poor in the past few days due to the increase in number of vehicles. In such a situation, the order of high court of banning autos that are more than 15 years old is very relevant.\"A real time monitoring station will be installed at Van Bhavan within a week to check the level of air pollution. \"The station will display the suspended particulate matter (SPM), respirable suspended particulate matter (RSPM) and presence of sulphur dioxide in the air. It will help us in detecting the pollution level in the city and also in data collection,\" said Kumar.Kumar said pollution control is not just in the hands of the government but public also has to help in its regulation. \"People should keep a check on their vehicle emission and stop the use of synthetic and plastic material as they are the greatest pollutants,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13857917", "title": "CS exam cancelled after paper leak in Faridabad", "text": "MUMBAI: Tuesday's foundation course exam for company secretariat (CS) was cancelled after the paper leaked a day before at a centre in Faridabad. Close to 40,000 students have registered for this exam across India.'Elements of Business Law and Management' was last of the four papers that students had to take for the exam that started on June 2. In a notice to students, the Institute of Company Secretaries of India that conducts this licentiate programme said the exam had been cancelled \"due to administrative reasons beyond our control\".This professional programme draws the largest number of commerce students after chartered accountancy; each year, close to 1.33 lakh candidates sign up for the course at various levels.Nesar Ahmad, president of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, said the superintendent at a school in the Faridabad-NCR region, inadvertently opened Tuesday's question paper packet on Monday and distributed the paper to about 250 students in that exam centre.\"A few minutes later, students in that exam centre alerted the supervisors about the wrong question paper that had been handed out to them. Following that, the school's head informed us about the error that had occurred at the distribution stage,\" said Ahmad. While the school was asked to take back the question papers and give out the correct question paper, the institute decided to cancel Tuesday's exam as it felt that some students could have a privilege over several others. \"This was a human error and we were forced to cancel the exam.\"The exam is being held at 117 exam centres and it was difficult for the institute to deliver new question papers within a few hours. Delhi has the largest pool of exam-takers at 4,524 students, followed by Kolkata where the exam was being taken by 2,504 students; Mumbai has 1,976 students who had signed up for the foundation course. \"We will announce the new date for the exam in a day or two,\" Ahmad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858871", "title": "NCP minister\u2019s family owns 300 acres of farm land in Raigad", "text": "MUMBAI: After the Congress, which has had to face all-round embarrassment over Kripa Shankar Singh's disproportionate assets case, it's the turn of its partner in the DF government, the NCP, to face uncomfortable questions over a key minister's land holdings near Mumbai.State water resources minister Sunil Tatkare could be in a spot over his family's large land holdings in Raigad district. The state water resources department is under scrutiny after TOI's recent expose on the highly inflated costs of irrigation projects, which favour private contractors.Documents procured by this newspaper reveal that Tatkare's family and his close associates control over 300 acres of agriculture land in Ambivali, Dhagadwadi, Khim and Shekhadi. These villages are part of Tatkare's stronghold in Raigad district, over which he has held sway as an MLA for close to two decades. Local sources alleged these land parcels form only a small part of the family's real estate portfolio.Land records show that a major chunk of the land bank is directly in the name of Tatkare's 29-year-old son, Aniket. In a year, between 2008 and 2009, the junior Tatkare purchased over 80 plots aggregating around 250 acres in Dhagadwadi and Ambivali. The plots were bought by around two dozen companies in which Aniket and his 24-year-old sister Aditi are directors. These companies mainly pertain to agriculture, real estate and hotels.These plots were purchased for as little as Rs 46,000 to over Rs one crore, depending on their size. The family's property portfolio also includes a prime five-acre sprawl in Kihim, where an acre could fetch Rs 3-4 crore at present. The Kihim land was purchased by Multiventure Agro &amp; Infrastructure Pvt Ltd, a company in which Aniket is a director.When contacted, Aniket claimed his land holding was only around 80 acres. \"Some of the parcels which are shown in my name have either been transferred or sold to third parties,'' he told TOI. The junior Tatkare strongly denied allegations that land owners in Raigad district were forced to sell their properties. \"No one was pressured to part with their land,'' he said.Minister Tatkare too denied allegations that locals were threatened to sell their land to his son. \"My son has his own identity. He is doing well in the agriculture and dairy business. All land transactions are between him and the farmers,'' he told this newspaper.Information gleaned from the Union ministry of corporate affairs show that the minister's children are directors in over two dozen companies. In fact, daughter Aditi became a director of one of the companies, Multiventure Properties Pvt Ltd, when she was barely 18 years old in 2006. (She stepped down a year later).Some of the companies headed by the minister's son are Appleberry Agro Tech, Bay Tree Agri Farms, Geetamrut Hotels and Resorts, Next Technologies (India), Bluestream Properties, Ani Hotels, Sputnik Agro &amp; Resorts, Multiventure Financial Services, Modern India Free Trade Warehousing and Carnation Agro Estate. Another company, Mazda Construction, in which Aniket is a director, was taken over by Mumbai-based developer Orbit Corp early this year.Till March 2012, Aditi had stepped down from nine of the 13 companies while her brother resigned as director from ten of the 25 companies. Vedanti Tatkare, the minister's daughter-in-law and Aniket's wife, is also shown as director in 15 different companies between 2008 and 2012. She stepped down from six of these over the past two years.Some of the companies in which she is still active are Griffith Real Estate Pvt Ltd, Ani Hotels, Shravani Land, Bay Tree Agri Farms, Chineshwar Land, Coin Land and Sputnik Agro &amp; Resorts Pvt Ltd.Interestingly, one of the directors in Aniket's companies is Kiran Sarange, whose father, Keshav Sarange, is an employee working on the minister's farm. Barely 22 years old, Kiran jointly holds close to 150 acres with one Manoj Shinde.Section 63(1) of the Land Ceiling Act allows companies to buy agriculture land. The collector's permission is required to purchase up to 54 acres. Anything above this requires the sanction of the state cabinet. This is mainly to safeguard the interest of farmers. Records show that the Tatkare family and their associates have received over a dozen such clearances from the collector since 2006.Companies in which Aniket Sunil Tatkare is directorName of company, Date of appointmentMultiventure Financial Services 24-02-2012Multiventure Properties 24-02-2012Multiventure Agro &amp; Infrastructure 24-02-2012Geetamrut Dairy Pvt Ltd 27-06-2007Swargamrut Dairy Pvt Ltd 28-09-2007Mazda Construction Company 28-09-2009Bluestream Properties 20-06-2009Bay Tree Agri Farms 13-03-2012Appleberry Agro Tech 17-03-2012Next Technologies (India) 30-04-2010Ani Hotels 27-02-2009Sputnik Agro &amp; Resorts 5-01-2009Modern India Free Trade Warehousing 16-07-2009Carnation Agro Estate 29-07-2008Companies in which Aditi Sunil Tatkare is directorName of company, Date of appointmentGeetamrut Dairy 27-06-2007Swargamrut Dairy 28-09-2007Next Technologies (India) 30-04-2010Applebery Agro Tech 17-03-2012Companies in which Vedanti Aniket Tatkare is directorName of Co Date of AppointmentGriffith Real Estate 24-10-2008 (additional director)Sputnik Agro &amp; Resorts 5-01-2009Ani Hotels 27-02-2009Next Technologies (India) 30-04-2010Chineshwar Land 4-10-2010 (additional director)Shreyas Land 25-10-2010 (additional director)Coin Land 25/10/2010 (additional director)Shravani Land 10-01-2011 (additional director)Bay Tree Agri Farms 13-03-2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13858396", "title": "Tribals do their bit to save Jharkhand forests", "text": "RANCHI: Tribals living in remote forests of Jharkhand have resolved to throw out the timber mafia from the forests. Their efforts have resulted in an economic boom for them apart from conservation of the environment in their respective areas.A group of Munda tribals have formed a 30-member committee -- Jangal Bachao Samiti (JBS) -- in Murhu block of Khunti district, located about 60 kms from here.The primary job of the committee, which has 15 women members, is to chase anyone who damages trees at Kotna village. Mainly saal, kendu and other useful trees are found in the area.\"Thanks to our vigilantism no one dares to harm the forests in our village,\" said Paulus Purty, JBS chief of the village. The JBS has so far nabbed over 50 people and handed them punishment in the past few years.Today, no body at Kotna village cuts trees. If anyone is found cutting trees the person is socially boycotted and also slapped with a fine. The punishment is meted out to the offender in the weekly court that the villagers hold religiously on Thursday. The village has no farmland and the inhabitants are primarily dependent on forest produce for survival. The village, which is spread on 80 acre of land, is covered by forest.JBS members at Kotna village are aware of climate change and degrading environment thanks to the Society for Participatory Action and Reflection (SPAR), a regional NGO.\"Good and thick forests help them earn money. If the forest is healthy so is the produce. The tribals sell these forest produce in Khuti town,\" said SPAR project in-charge in Ranchi Vinod Horo.In the past few years the forest has got thicker in the area. It has purified the environment somewhat and life is beautiful here, he added.A similar indirect environment conservation is going on at Bari village located near Kotna village. The village has some hilly farmland but they are not enough to support the life of villagers. That is why the villagers are dependent on forest produce only.Led by JBS chairman Mado Munda, the 28-member group has been successful in working as a deterrent for forest destruction. It has checked tree felling at the village which is spread over 78 acres of land entirely covered by forests.Forest department figures suggest that a total of 10,903 forest committees have been constituted by the department across the state till now. \"The aim behind the programme is to involve locals in the conservation and management of forests,\" said an official.Various NGOs have also helped such vigilantism. \"We have mobilized over 1,000 gram sabhas, and a similar number of Van Adkikar Samiti Samittis,\" said Xavier Kujur of Jharkhand Jungle Bachao Anandolan, an NGO that works for development of forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13863286", "title": "Sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik returns to Odisha", "text": "After winning the world championship in Denmark, sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik talks to us on his return to Odisha.Tell us about the sand sculpture that won you the world championship title this year... This time around, the competition was held in Copenhagen , Denmark. So I decided to create a sand sculpture based on Copenhagen's iconic statue \u2014 The Little Mermaid \u2014 and then recreate it by giving the sculpture my own touch. The 2.5 meter-tall sculpture had a mermaid that gives out a message to save the ocean and prevent global warming .Will this title change your life as a professional sand artist? I have already got lots of international accolades but I must say that this is an extremely important award for me. Firstly, I've won a world championship that is making the people of my own country recognize my talent. Secondly, I'm 100 per cent sure that this win will encourage young and aspiring sand artists to create more original sand art.Did this award bring about any special reaction from the people in Odisha? When I returned to Odisha, I was really surprised and humbled to see a huge crowd at the airport. Everybody hugged and congratulated me. The chief minister of Odisha, Navin Patnaik, called me \"The ambassador of Odisha\". But what totally floored me was a congratulatory call from The President of India's office. Never in my wildest dreams I had imagined that I would receive such a call! After this, I was sure of having done something that's really worthy of mention.What are your future plans? I want to design a park in Puri that will showcase different sand sculptures. Following sand artists' requests from across the world to teach them, I wish to open a residential sand art institution in Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13857631", "title": "Shahid Balwa, father summoned to Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city crime branch has sent summons to 2G spectrum scam accused, Shahid Balwa and his father Usman Balwa. The duo has been asked to report at the crime branch office in Gaekwad Haveli in connection with Balaram Resorts scam.In May, owners of Gopi Restaurant were arrested by a team of crime branch on charges of duping their friend and investor for Rs 1.35 crore. Investigators believe that Thakkar brothers, the accused, have incurred a debt of Rs 65 crore in the project. According to crime branch officials, Praful Thakar, 50, a resident of Vasna and a documentary filmmaker, was friends with Rajendra and Dilip Thakkar, owners of Gopi Restaurant and partners at Balaram Resorts near Palanpur. In 2011, the brothers approached Praful and said that they needed funds as they were in process of developing Balaram Resorts.The Thakkar brothers have told the cops during interrogation that Shahid Balwa, the 2G spectrum scam accused, was part of the resort development plans and often met them in this regard. Balwa, according to the Thakkar brothers, had put his father Usman Balwa's name as one of the five partners of the resort.Crime branch has summoned Usman and the four other partners for questioning in this regard. Crime branch officials said, \"Thakkar brothers had started hunting for partners for their resort since 2001. Diamond trader and resident of Mumbai Harshad Mehta was the first to be contacted. Later, at the behest of Harshad, his operations' manager Ramesh khanna, an architect Nitin Karambelkar and share broker Virchand Khadaliya became partners in the project along with Shahid.In February matters turned murky as Thakkar brothers proposed to leave the project and also sought to withdraw their portion money invested in the project. The partners had allegedly paid them Rs 6 crore in cheques. Crime branch official however believe, \"Real estate deals are usually about black money and secret transactions. We suspect that the money received by the Thakkar brothers was much more than Rs 6 crore. We are now probing further to find out what was the deal's scope and how much money changed hands. Three complaints that have been registered in this case concern only those who have paid by cheque. There are 10 others who had invested by cash worth at least Rs 25 crore in the project. But, none of them have any documentary evidence of the cash transactions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "gangtok", "code": "13858231", "title": "Sikkim set to get archery academy", "text": "GANGTOK: Sikkim is on its way to having an archery academy. Chief minister Pawan Chamling has agreed to a proposal by the Sikkim Archery Association, promising to provide land and meet other infrastructural costs even as national coach Limba Ram offered his services to develop the academy.Limba, who is here to supervise the pre-Olympics camp at the Paljor Stadium here, was among those who had accompanied SAA president TT Bhutia and general secretary KB Gurung to the chief minister's residence recently to submit the proposal. The six archers at the camp - Tarundeep Rai, Rahul Banerjee , Jayanta Talukdar, Deepika Kumari, L. Bombayla Devi and Chekrovolu Swuro - were also present.The academy is most likely to come up in Namchi in south Sikkim, and will be named after local lad Tarundeep Rai. \"Archery is a traditional sport in Sikkim and has been around here for hundreds of years,\" gushed Limba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13859455", "title": "Peace talks on right track: Arabinda Rajkhowa", "text": "GUWAHATI: Ahead of the third round of talks this month, Ulfa chairman Arabinda Rajkhowa, who is heading the pro-talks group of the outfit, has said the government is keeping the dialogue strictly within the framework of discussion submitted by the faction.\"So far, the Centre's response has been very positive. Talks are being held strictly as per as the agenda we have set. The third round will be held this month, but the dates are yet to be fixed. It could be either in the second or third week,\" he added. He said the framework submitted by Ulfa is being discussed during the talks. \"We discussed a few points in the last two rounds. The rest will be discussed in the coming sessions,\" he added. The pro-talks leadership submitted its framework for discussion in August last year, which includes several issues but not sovereignty, which has been the outfit's prime demand since its birth three decades ago. Instead, the group is seeking discussion mainly on 'grounds for Ulfa's struggle and their genuineness.\"The group's framework includes status report on missing Ulfa leaders and cadres during the Bhutan offensive in 2003, constitutional and political arrangements, reforms, including protection of the identity and material resources of the local indigenous population of the state, financial and economic arrangements, including settlement of all royalties on mines, minerals and oil on a retrospective compensatory basis and rights of independent use for a sustainable economic development in future. The group is also seeking talks on amnesty, reintegration and rehabilitation of Ulfa members and affected people.Discussions on \"illegal migration - its effect and impact and required remedies, including sealing of international borders, river patrolling, development of a native force to man the borders, ethnic issues-problems and constitutional restructuring, including settlement of border disputes and removal of encroachment\" are also discussion points in the group's agenda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13862015", "title": "Police invoke new law against Chennai doctor's attackers", "text": "CHENNAI: As doctors across Tamil Nadu continue with their protest against an attack on a doctor at the Government General Hospital, Chennai, the city police have invoked the Tamil Nadu Medicare Service Persons and Medicare Service Institution (Prevention of Violent and Damage or Loss to Property) Act against six unknown people who attacked a junior doctor on Sunday.The doctors had alleged that a few people who came to visit Iniya Amudhan, an injured lawyer, manhandled Rajesh, a post-graduate medical student who refused to let the group into the ward. The new charges make it a non-bailable offence, though the accused have not been named in the FIR.On Tuesday, Tamil Nadu health minister V S Vijay promised the agitating doctors that action will be taken against the attackers. The minister has asked the doctors to withdraw their agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13858360", "title": "Siolim farmers fear the worst", "text": "MAPUSA: The damaged sluice gate at the Siolim bridge opposite the St Anthony's church has raised fears of saline water entering the fields of Marna, Sodiem and Xell in the village. The damage to the sluice gate has raised an alarm for over 600 cultivators who are likely to be affected by the calamity of saline water entering their fields.With the damage to the sluice gate by the PWD, whilst constructing the bridge, fields are now in danger of being affected by saline water. The livelihood of scores of farmers depending on rabi crop cultivation in the fertile khazan are at stake. There were two sluice gates - one has been completely removed, while another was damaged while renovating the bridge.\"The damaged sluice gate has already caused flooding. Saline water has inundated the fields, the problem is not serious now, but if neglected, it can turn into a nightmare for more than 600 farmers who are dependent on agriculture,\" said local farmer Anant Pednekar. \"Salinity will ruin the fertile soil and wipe out the livelihood of farmers. The authorities concerned should initiate immediate measures to erect the sluice gate,\" he added.The farmers under the banner of the Siolim Xell Shetkari Tenants Association has brought it to the notice of all authorities concerned that the sluice gate at Siolim opposite the St Anthony church has been totally damaged by the PWD while renovating the bridge.\"Every year, the association used to erect a sluice gate to avoid saline water from entering into the fields and thus spoiling the fields. Now, as the sluice gate is totally damaged and we are unable to erect the sluice gate because of the new bridge. Most of the farmers are dependant on agriculture,\" said Ashok Pednekar, a farmer.\"Saline water is already inundating paddy fields at Xell. We demand that the sluice gate be erected by the PWD at the earliest to protect our fertile fields,\" said local farmer Kashinath Dhargalkar.The farmers met the Bardez mamlatdar, sarpanchas of the village panchayat of Sodiem-Siolim and Marna-Siolim, PWD and the minister for water resources and Siolim MLA Dayanand Mandrekar and submitted a memorandum with their demands to erect a sluice gate.Farmers said that there will not be much of a problem in the monsoon but the real problem will be in the months of September and October while sowing the rabi crop.\"When the PWD undertook the repair work, we demanded that the sluice gate be put up by them alongside the construction of the bridge, but they neglected it,\" said Pednekar.Farmers informed TOI that when the sluice gate was damaged 25 years back, entire fields of Marna, Sodiem and Xell in Siolim were damaged by the saline water and they remained barren for 15-16 years.\"During the last 6-7 years, we were able to produce some yield in the fields and now with the damage to the gate, we fear another catastrophe for the farmers,\" Pednekar said.PWD junior engineer V Pilarnkar said that the sluice gate had to be removed while renovating the bridge and the erection of the sluice gate does not come under the present contract. \"The farmers met us with their demands recently, but nothing can be done now. With the assistance of the water resource department, we will try to bring a solution to their problem,\" Pilarnkar said.\"We will hold a discussion with the water resources department. Hopefully the solution to their problem will come before the month of September and we will erect the sluice gate,\" Pilarnkar added.The sarpanchas of the village panchayats of Marna-Siolim and Sodiem-Siolim said that they would seek the help of the local MLA, Mandrekar, and the sluice gate would be erected to help the farmers. Mandrekar said that he will direct the mamlatdar to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13859975", "title": "Cotton College authorities happy with results", "text": "GUWAHATI: The prestigious Cotton College notched only four ranks - three in the arts section and one in the science stream - in the higher secondary exam results that were declared on Monday. But the college authorities seem happy as the overall performance of the college was good. This despite the fact that other small colleges and higher secondary schools showed better performance in terms of ranks.Surajit Kalita from Cotton's science stream bagged a place in the top ten list - he was placed fourth with a total of 463 out of 500. Other than that, there were three toppers from the arts stream who were placed in the fourth, eighth and tenth positions.The college's performance was better last year - there were six rank-holders, three from science and three from arts - compared to this time. Principal Niraja Devi said, \"We can't judge the results only on the basis of the number of rank-holders as many students missed securing positions in the top ten by marginal numbers in both arts and science. As far as the overall result is concerned, our students have performed very well.\" This time around, 453 students appeared from the science stream from Cotton College, of which 445 got first division and 309 students got star marks. In arts, 158 students from the college appeared for the exam; 133 of them were placed in the first division and 63 got star marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "noise levels", "code": "13860176", "title": "Noise reigns supreme in Lucknow's residential, commercial areas", "text": "Noise Levels: Noise levels were high in residential and commercial areas but industrial areas recorded levels less than the national standards. Measurement of noise levels was carried out at the same nine locations during day and night.Findings: Residential areas are noisier both during day and night as recorded noise levels were higher than prescribed limits. Day-time noise levels were recorded between 62.5 to 66.8 dB(A), which is higher than the national standard of 55 dB(A). Noise levels in the night were recorded between 52.6 to 58.3 dB(A), which is more than the national standard of 45 dB(A). The difference in the recorded value and national standard is higherSecondly, there is no let up in noise pollution at commercial-cum-traffic areas. The day-time noise levels were recorded between 68.5 to 72.8 dB(A) and night-time noise levels were between 54.6 to 66.9 dB(A). The values were above the prescribed limits of 65 dB(A) for day-time and 55 dB(A) for the nightIn industrial area, Amausi day and night time noise levels were recorded at 73.7 dB(A) and 65.2 dB(A). The values were lower than the national standards for day (75.0 dB(A)) and for night (70.0 dB(A))Trends of Noise Level: Current year's noise data was compared with corresponding data of previous three years.Day-time noise level: Noise levels recorded at all residential, commercial and industrial areas were higher than the previous years.Night-time noise level: All monitoring locations showed a higher trend. Aminabad was the only exception which was less noisy as compared to previous years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13858875", "title": "Congress office set on fire", "text": "A group of unidentified youths set the city Congress office in Rajahmundry on fire in the late hours of Monday. Furniture and documents were gutted before the firefighters arrived. The police are yet to identify the miscreants who set the party office on fire. Sources said the youths entered the Congress office after 11.30 pm, poured petrol in one of the rooms and set the furniture on fire.There was nobody in the office at the time of the incident. The Congress leaders on Tuesday alleged that the YSR Congress activists were behind the act. Police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858571", "title": "Registrar owns sites, homes, gold, farmhouses", "text": "BANGALORE: On a tip-off by three men caught with Rs 1.31 crore cash, police alerted the Lokayukta about district registrar K Borappa's wealth.On Tuesday, Lokayukta police swooped down on Borappa's residence in Vijayanagar II Stage. The raid yielded a rich haul of documents pertaining to 20 properties, Rs 12.98 lakh in cash and 270 grams of gold. Searches are still on for his silver articles.Two of the 20 properties are in prime Bangalore localities: a site in Banashankari VI Phase and a two-storey building in Vijayanagar II Stage. The rest are four residential sites, two farmhouses, three poultry farms and nine agricultural plots - all in Davanagere district.\"The value we have taken of the properties is based on the sale agreements made at the time of registering them. The immovable properties might be valued ten times the original value at the present land price,\" said a Lokayukta police officer.\"We suspect that Borappa is the owner of more properties, and that he might have acquired property abroad, including in the US. We are questioning his close acquaintances and family members,\" the officer, who was part of the raiding party, said.Other Lokayukta officials said that the list of seized properties is preliminary and based on documents seized from Borappa's houses. \"We are making an inventory of the properties.\"What they found* A two-floor building at No. 72, IV Main, I D Cross, Hampinagar, BHEL Layout, Vijayanagar II Stage, Bangalore * A site at Banashankari VI Phase * 1.34 acres in Survey No. 32 in Hadadi village, Davanagere district * 2 acres in Survey No. 39 in Hadadi * 1 acre in Survey No. 40/5 in Hadadi * 2.37 acres in Survey No. 40/2P1 in Hadadi * 4.17 acres in Survey No. 31/2P3 in Hadadi * 4.02 acres in Survey No. 39/1AP11 in Hadadi * 1 acre in the same survey number * A farmhouse at Hadadi * 3 acres in Survey No. 69/1 of Kallenahalli village in Davanagere district * 10 acres in Survey No. 63/P in the same village * Site at No. 3950/20 in Shamanur village, Davanagere district * Site at No. 19 in Shamanur village * Site Nos. 4277/22 and 4268/23 situated on 15th cross, Kuvempunagar, Davanagere. He has constructed a house on one of these * A farmhouse and three poultry farms near 7th milestone in Hadadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13859932", "title": "Terrace gardens to crown new underground lots", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT administration has decided to build underground parking lots with terrace gardens at different places in the city. With little vacant spaces left for creation of new parking lots in busy areas, the architecture department has decided to adopt this model at most of the upcoming parking lots. To begin with, the proposed parking lots in sectors 17 and 47 will be designed this way. It will also ensure that the city's green cover is not sacrificed for creation of parking spaces.Earlier, the UT architecture department had planned such an underground parking in Sector 21, but the project could not take off as the feasibility report submitted by UT engineering department did not find a way to save the existing trees at the site. The project was, consequently, scrapped by the administration.The concept has been successfully implemented in Connaught Place in Delhi and a beautiful garden has been developed on top of Palika Bazar. Most of the city residents, however, are wary of parking their vehicles underground and municipal corporation's plans to make shoppers park in the underground parking lots in sectors 17 and 8 have proved futile. Even showroom owners prefer surface parking lots, blocking their large areas for the entire day. A UT official confirmed that the plan for creation of underground parking with terrace garden in Sector 17 was already being worked out by UT administration and MC and that the details would be finalized shortly. The UT has proposed that parking along V4 (meandering shopping streets), V5 (sector circulation roads) and V 6 (access roads to houses) should be strictly prohibited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13858004", "title": "Cloud cover may ruin Venus' celestial show in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: Incessant rain and heavy skies are expected to ruin the celestial show that the city's skywatchers were eagerly awaiting. The Transit of Venus, a rare planetary phenomenon due to occur on Wednesday morning, will most likely not be visible because of a heavy cloud cover, and astronomy enthusiasts are keeping their fingers crossed and hoping the weather gods are kind.In Transit of Venus, the planet moves across the face of the Sun as viewed from Earth. Venus will appear as a tiny black disc against the Sun. The six-and-a-half-hour Transit, which will begin at 3.40am and continue till 10.21am, is a very rare astronomical phenomenon that will not be witnessed again until 2117.Experts have warned that enthusiasts should not look for it without proper equipment. Looking directly at the Sun with the naked eye, or worse still through an open telescope or binoculars, can result in serious injury and even blindness.Gauhati University is all geared up for the occasion. The observatory located on a hillock on the campus will deploy its two sophisticated telescopes. \"There is 20% chance that we will in fact be able to view the event because of cloudy sky and the lack of a clear horizon in this city with so many high-rises. We have checked meteorological reports and we are clutching on straws. However, we hope things might change and we are prepared to highlight the event with a live webcast,\" said Madhurjya P Bora, faculty, department of Physics and in-charge the university observatory.The observatory will open at 5am and of its two telescopes, one will be used to directly project the image on a screen while the other will relay the images to a multimedia screen through its planetary imager. \"I do hope that the clouds don't spoil the event of our lifetime,\" said Ratul, a student and an enthusiast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13857870", "title": "Jayalalithaa urges Centre for immediate roll back of parcel rate hike", "text": "CHENNAI: Slamming the Centre for hiking the railway parcel rates by 25 per cent, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa today termed it as \"adding salt to injury,\" and demanded its immediate rollback.\"I condemn the hiking of luggage and parcel rates by the Centre in which the DMK is a constituent. This move amounts to adding salt to injury to the poor people who are already suffering due to the recent petrol price hike,\" she said in a statement.Holding that commodities including medicines, pulses, flour varieties, tyres and magazines are transported through trains, she said the hike was therefore against the poor and middle-class citizens.\"I urge Centre to immediately rollback the hike,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13859191", "title": "22-year-old IITian from Vidisha bags Rs 70 lakh job from Twitter", "text": "BHOPAL: Swapnil Jain, 22, was a bit nervous when he was first interviewed by a software honcho from Twitter, the social networking and microblogging service provider, in the last week of May. It was one of his seven interviews - all ranging from 45 to 50 minutes duration - conducted through online video conferencing from the Twitter headquarters at San Francisco. What more, he was hired for an annual package of about Rs 70 lakh by the $9 billion US firm after the final interview in Delhi in May last.\"Sitting in Delhi on a computer, I was trying my best to reply to the queries of software engineers of Twitter,\" he said. Once the technical interviews were over, an Indian manager of the social networking site took another interview in Delhi on May 30 and two days later, I was told that they were hiring me,\" Swapnil, who belongs to the small town of Vidisha, about 70 km from Bhopal and near the world heritage site Sanchi, said with lot of excitement in his voice .\"Later they mailed me the offer letter signed by the chief technical officer of Twitter with an annual package of $1,30,000 per annum. Inclusive of bonus, it is about Rs 70 lakh,\" he calculated.Ever since, it is celebrations abound. His grandfather, who is a leading lawyer of Vidisha, Babulal Jain, father Sanjay Jain and mother Savita are busy organising \"Jain Vidhan\", a ritual of Jain community to celebrate the feat.Swapnil will join on October 1 at the San Francisco headquarters of Twitter. He would report to a manager of Indian origin.A graduate from IIT Delhi, from where he passed out last month only, Swapnil has not even received his degree certificate. \"Convocation ceremony will take place on August 30 and I am waiting for it anxiously,\" he told TOI.On the mantra behind the success, the IITian says, \"Be consistent. Be regular and consistent in whatever you do. Even a small work,\" the reply was quick.\"It's a huge opportunity. First, I would like to work for 3-4 years to gain experience by interacting with them. After all they are the experienced lot,\" he said adding that later he was planning to start his own software company. \"I want to do something that would be of their standard,\" he revealed.Swapnil had his schooling from the local Trinity Convent and then Vatsalya Senior Secondary School in Vidisha before moving on to Kota to prepare for the biggest entrance exam. He cracked the IIT in one go.\"I never had anything in my mind when I got admission. I took things as they came on,\" he said adding that nearly a month to finish his graduation, he got information from IIT alumni about the openings in Twitter.If Swapnil can be believed, 30 people had applied for the Twitter job including him and he was selected.Talking abut the preparation for the interviews, the IITian from Vidisha said that he once again went through what all he had studied with specially focusing on algorithmic, coding and programming.Some colleagues of Swpnil from IIT Delhi are joining Facebook and Google on October 1, and he plans to start his own company along with these colleagues in future.Looking back, Swapnil said that cracking IIT was also difficult as he belonged to a small town and there was no one to guide him. His father runs a jewellery shop and mother is a housewife. However, the only support was from his brother Sohil Jain, who was pursuing his engineering course in Indore.\"I went ahead with strong resolve and stood 94th in the all India rank list,\" he said.His mother Savita told TOI that she was very happy and at the same sad also. \"Happy because he has got the best of the offer and sad because he is going to another continent far off from Vidisha.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13859338", "title": "Bhopal plan to miss Upper lake plan", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government's initiative to have a comprehensive study and a separate master-plan for the conservation and development of the Upper lake has come a cropper as the Bhopal's city development plan 2031 (master plan) would not incorporate the master plan for Upper lake. The lake's plan would only be completed by the year end while the city master plan would be released by September.Job for drafting the Upper lake master plan has been entrusted to the Ahmedabad based Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (CEPT) after inviting international bids. The lake plan is likely to be completed by the year end, said sources in the department of urban administration development (UAD).However, the city development plan is expected to be released by September. The K C Gupta director, town and country planning confirmed, \"The concept plan for Upper Lake would be included later in the city's master plan.\"A need for making extensive efforts to save Upper Lake was felt after the water body shrunk to around 85 % in the year 2008.The government had to also put on hold the master plan released in 2009 mainly due to strong opposition after the plan proposed development upto 50 meters of the Upper lake on the Bhopal-Indore road. Besides, there was a proposal to convert green belt area to residential near the Lal Ghati.According to the UAD sources the concept plan for Upper Lake covers every aspect for conservation and protection of the water body, including environmental improvement, water supply and water quality, issue of sewerage, farming on the banks of the lake in the villages around, forest conservation, development of the its tributaries- Kolans and Uljhawan , land use to be permitted around lake among others.\"The concept plan would not hold any significance if not incorporated in the city's development plan, which defines land use and other activities that could be permitted in an area\", top UAD sources maintained.When asked why the concept plan and the city's master plan can't go hand in hand, the TNCP director replies \" We are trying to play safe so that concept plan could be incorporated even after release of the master plan\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13859962", "title": "Tenders invited yet again to decommission passenger ship mv Tippu Sultan", "text": "KOCHI: The Lakshadweep administration has again invited tenders to decommission its passenger ship mv Tippu Sultan, which is now around 30 years old.The government evaluator has fixed the minimum value of the ship as Rs 4.6 crore and tenders quoting higher value alone will be accepted, according to Sayed Ismail Koya, director of port, shipping and aviation of Lakshadweep administration.Tenders for decommissioning the vessel which was being manned and managed by Shipping Corporation India (SCI) were invited in 2010 and 2011. \"But all the tenders had then quoted rates lower than Rs. 4.6 crore. One bidder had quoted Rs 3 crore earlier, but we could not accept it as it was lower than the price fixed by the government evaluator,'' K Muthukoya , deputy director of the administration, said.\"This time some parties have said that they would like to bid for higher amounts, but we have told them to join the open tender process,'' Ismail Koya said. The all-weather ship, which had a carrying capacity of 648 passengers, had been in operation since 1988 and had attained an iconic stature as a major link between the islands and Kochi over the years.The vessel, which was built in 1982, had undergone several repairs and a refit. It was practically not available for service for the last two years. At one point of time the cost of repair was estimated to be almost equivalent to that of a new ship, and it was then that the administration decided to decommission it. The SCI had also recommended its decommissioning earlier.The administration claimed that operation of mv Kavaratti, with a capacity of 700 seats, and the introduction of the two ships mv Arabian Sea and mv Lakshadweep Sea, both with 250 seats' capacity each, had reduced the woes of passengers caused by the proposed decommissioning of mv Tippu Sultan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13857774", "title": "Butterfly park soon at Kankaria", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city's sole butterfly park will come up in Kankaria lake. This 8,000 square metre park once ready will consists of rare butterfly varieties besides the local species that are commonly seen in and around the city. Work on the park has already started, according to municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra.Mohapatra said that various species of flowers will be planted to attract butterflies. \"The idea is to attract butterflies and ensure that they get proper nutrition. A list of butterfly species that will be introduced in the park is also available with the AMC,\" says Mohapatra. The butterfly park will also have an interpretation centre for visitors and a small education centre where children can be taught about the lifecycle of a butterfly. \"There will be live examples in the park of what we display at the interpretation centre. Students and visitors can watch the exact lifecycle of the butterfly at the park itself,\" says MohapatraThe importance of the butterflies in the context of preserving the environment is also a motive of the vast butterfly park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13859339", "title": "Chennai Corporation warns conservancy agency to buck up or face the consequence", "text": "CHENNAI: After showing the door to Neel Metal Fanalca for poor conservancy work in the city, now the Chennai Corporation is planning to take strong action, including cancellation of the contract with Ramky Enviro, as the new conservancy agency has not been able to do a good job. Ramky Enviro manages three zones of the corporation\u2014Adyar, Teynampet and Kodambakkam. The city corporation had urged the firm to recruit 500 more conservancy workers, but Ramky is not getting workers since it is not willing to pay more than Rs 200 daily to the workers.Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said the civic body would not hesitate to even cancel the contract with Ramky Enviro if the agency did not improve its performance. \"Despite several reminders, they have not improved. The main reason is the lack of conservancy workers. If they continue this way, we will take strict action including annulment of the contract and imposing a penalty,\" Karthikeyan said.But Ramky Enviro officials sounded belligerent. They said they would move the court if the civic body cancels the contract. Ram Mohan Rao, national head of Ramky Enviro, said the corporation was always critical of their work and never supportive. \"We operate in more than 10 states. Nowhere else have we faced such criticism,\" he said.As the war of words continue, the complaint cell of the corporation (1913) and Ramky (1800 4251566) continue to ring non-stop as citizens call in with complaints. Corporation officials said Ramky workers were not showing interest in their work because of the low salary.Reacting to this, Ram Mohan Rao said, \"We started operations in three zones after the micro plan submitted to the corporation. Initially, the civic body asked us to clear 1,500 tonnes of garbage, but now it has gone up to 1,600 tonnes.\" He said there was no shortage of workers. \"Initially, they have asked us to recruit 3,000 workers, but we recruited 3500. Another 500 will join us within a week. Many people are not willing to work because of the summer heat.\"The firm has been offering a minimum wage of Rs 205 daily or Rs 6,500 monthly. Ramky published advertisements and distributed pamphlets in slums to recruit people, but the response has been poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13860532", "title": "An app to track phone thieves", "text": "BEIJING: A Chinese woman, who lost her iPhone in a taxi in Beijing , was surprised when a photograph of the taxi driver popped up on her email, thanks to new App which takes snaps of people who meddle with the phone to unlock it.Xie Danhong, 33 dropped her phone in the taxi while on a business trip here last week and lost hope to track it. She was distressed because the phone has photographs and video clips of her nine month-old baby.Within six hours after she lost the phone Xie was surprised to receive a mail from her Iphone showing the picture of the taxi driver, who tried to meddle with it.The facility was provided by the App called iGotYa, which snaps anyone who tries to unlock the phone using the incorrect password and then automatically emails it to the rightful owner of the phone. \"I immediately recognized the guy in the picture as he was the taxi driver,\" Xie who works in Guangzhou told China Daily. She immediately put the picture on her microblog and flashed it around and also reported the case to police.She is yet to track the driver but is hopeful of getting the photos of her child. \"If the thief wants the phone he can have it but the contacts and pictures are important to me, I have no back up,\" she said.The iGotYa requires people to \"jailbreak\" their iPhones, which means they are released from Apple's strict download restrictions.The daily has reported about some successful cases in which people actually got back their phones thanks to the App.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13861741", "title": "Soon, a blood test for breast cancer", "text": "NEW DELHI: A simple blood test could soon be available to better diagnose and treat early-stage breast cancer patients.In a major breakthrough, published in the British medical journal Lancet, scientists from Texas have announced that they discovered a test that detects circulating tumour cells (CTCs) in the blood. Currently, diagnosis of earlystage breast cancer often relies on lymph-node removal, which can have unpleasant side-effects.The team identified tumour cells circulating in the blood of patients suffering from spreading (metastatic) breast cancer.Usually, tumours are believed to spread through lymphatic system rather than bloodstream. Then, the team investigated whether CTCs could be found in the blood of patients at an earlier stage of the disease, where the cancer has not spread beyond its original location (nonmetastatic).Looking at 302 patients with breast cancer, the researchers identified CTCs in the blood of 24% of the group.They found that the presence of CTCs accurately predicted both progression-free survival and overall survival, with 15% of the patients who tested positive for CTCs relapsing, and 10% dying during the study period (February, 2005 \u2014 December, 2010) as compared to just 3% and 2%, respectively, of patients who did not test positive for CTCs.For patients with a higher concentration of CTCs (three or more per 7.5ml of blood), the correlation with survival and progression rates was even more dramatic, with 31% of these patients dying or relapsing during the study period.Lead researcher professor Anthony Lucci from the department of surgical oncology, University of Texas, said, \"The findings raise hope that in future, blood tests could be used to provide improved diagnosis and treatment for early-stage breast cancer patients. CTC analysis does not appear in current guidelines for the assessment of cancer patients. These studies identified that both progression-free and overall survival were worse in patients with one or more circulating tumour cells.\"He added, \"The growing body of published work, including our study, suggests that assessment of circulating tumour cells might provide important prognostic information in these patients.\" Professor of clinical oncology at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, P K Jhulka, said the department is also testing CTCs as a viable option for better diagnosis of breast cancer patients.\"Looking at CTCs in blood is a good method. We too are trying under a department of science and technology project. First, we see CTCs in the blood and then we give chemotherapy. After two-three cycles of chemo, we again assess CTCs which tells us the response of chemo. If CTCs decrease in size and number then it means the tumor cells are responsive to this particular chemo. This is called in vivo response. CTCs are a good test \u2014 we only take blood. The patient doesn't need to undergo repeated biopsies to see how much the tumor has responded to chemo,\" he added.Breast cancer cases have doubled in India in the last two decades. The number of women estimated to be dying of breast cancer every year has also been steadily rising.Delhi recorded 24.8 new cases of breast cancer a year per 100,000 women, which rose to 32.2 in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13858908", "title": "UGC fights caste bias, links it to recognition", "text": "NEW DELHI: With several high profile educational institutions found to be negligent in tackling cases of discrimination, the University Grants Commission (UGC) has enforced new set of regulations that empower it to revoke recognition or withdraw grants of public and private colleges and universities.The regulations, cleared by the UGC in a recent meeting, are aimed to prevent discrimination on the grounds of caste and to safeguard interests of students belonging to scheduled castes and scheduled tribes. The new rules make it mandatory for all colleges to appoint an \"anti-discriminatory officer\" from among the staff and establish a grievance redressal committee, including the college principle and two senior staff members.A student, who faces discrimination, is harassed or victimized in any manner in seating or hostel allocation or evaluation or participation in college activities, can approach the anti-discriminatory officer, who has to resolve the case within seven days or bring it before the grievance redressal committee. The panel has been mandated to give its decision within 30 days. If the student continues to be dissatisfied s/he can approach an ombudsman appointed at the university level before moving court.The UGC (prevention of caste based discrimination/harassment/victimization and promotion of equality in higher educational institutions) regulations 2012 will also mandate setting up of an Equal Opportunity Cell. The rules say that discrimination will include breach of reservation policy, discrimination during evaluation, earmarking seats for students, using derogatory names or remarks, segregation of students in use of common facilities or financial extortion.UGC acting chairman Ved Prakash said, \"We have received reports of discrimination from all over India against scheduled castes and scheduled tribes. These regulations will ensure that students have a forum of redressal within the college.\"In case of violations, the UGC can withdraw grants from a college or a university while recommending that recognition be withdrawn if the case relates to a private college. Discrimination will be seen as an unfair educational practice.There has been significant public outrage in the case of Dana Sangma's suicide recently besides reports of caste discrimination in premier colleges like IIT and AIIMS.The new regulations will be sent to the states as these are mandatory for all higher educational institutions to comply with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13858525", "title": "Vote bank stronger than gavel?", "text": "MARGAO: In yet another instance of how vote bank politics has led to largescale encroachments on communidade lands, the PWD has failed to comply with the district court's orders to demolish the steps and railings \"illegally\" constructed and the trench \"illegally\" dug in comunidade land in Torsanzor, Borda, and restore it to its original state within six months.The court had passed the order on November 15, 2011, while disposing off a petition filed by the comunidade of Margao, which had claimed that the construction work of the steps, railings and wall were undertaken in land owned by it without taking its prior permission, and without the PWD initiating land acquisition proceedings for the purpose. The PWD works division-VIII had issued notices inviting tenders in December 2009 for the said work, and the work order was issued to the contractor, Reliance Constructions, Borda, Margao. Significantly, the foundation stone was laid by then chief minister Digambar Kamat in the presence of the his PWD minister Churchill Alemao .In its defense, the PWD maintained that no new construction was undertaken and that the tender was invited and work order issued as \"it was necessary and urgent to carry out seasonal work of construction, repair and plastering of existing steps, the trench and railing, which were in existence for more than 30 years and were used by more than 100 families residing at Torsanzor as the only access available to them.\"Stating that there was no evidence in support of the PWD's claim, the court held that \"there is nothing on record to show the legal residence of more than 100 families in the suit property.\"\"...the defendants have failed to prove the use of any particular or specific access through the said property by the occupants thereof. Secondly, the use of any such access continuously for a period of 20 years as a matter of right has also not been established. Lastly, the legal status of the said occupants to reside in the said property has also not been proved. Hence, there is neither any easement of prescription nor any easement of necessity existing in favour of the occupants of the said property to demand for its repair through the PWD, as claimed by the PWD,\" the court observed, while passing its order.Quizzed over the failure of the PWD in demolishing steps and railings as ordered by the court, assistant engineer, Div-VIII, PWD, Franco Fernandes, informed TOI that the PWD intended to challenge the order in the appellate court and the matter was currently being examined by its legal counsel.Attorney of the Margao comunidade, Celestino Noronha, accused the politicians of promoting encroachments on land to build their vote banks. \"The comunidade of Margao has been running from pillar to post for many years seeking demolition of all illegal constructions at Torsanzor, Borda, but the authorities concerned have turned a deaf year, obviously bending to the dictates of politicians playing vote bank politics,\" Noronha told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13860675", "title": "Global warming has impacted climate in HP: Study", "text": "SHIMLA: Once known for its cool climes, Himachal Pradesh is witnessing the ill effects of global warming as, in the last four decades, the average maximum temperature has increased by 5.2 degrees Celsius in the state. While the average rainfall has remained static, the cycle of rain and snow has changed marginally.A study data released by department of economics and statistics, titled \"Compendium of Environmental Statistics, Himachal Pradesh - 2012\" has revealed that the highest temperature registered in 1971-72 was 28.5 degree Celsius, which has now increased to 33.7 degree Celsius in 2010-11, while the minimum temperature remained almost static. Minimum temperature in 1971-72 was registered at 5.6 degree Celsius, which is 5.8 degree Celsius now.\"The major source of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere had been motor vehicles, which numbered only 9,116 four decades ago, but has gone up to 1,67,264 now,\" said the report, released by chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal on Tuesday.Commenting on the rise in temperature, Dr J C Kuniyal, senior scientist at GB Pant Institute of Himalayan Environment and Development, Himachal unit at Mohal in Kullu, said that this was because of the fact that the effects of global warming in the Himalayan region were not only affecting the crop pattern, but also leading to unusual weather.\"In Kullu valley alone, it has become warmer on an average by 0.9 degree Celsius from 1965 to 1998. In 1965, the apple belt existed at a height of 1,000 metres above sea level. Now, it's at 2,000 metres above sea level, towards northern latitude.\" Apple, which was grown at Bajaura (1000m) area a decade back, is now found only in Katrain (2000m) near Manali.\"Data released on Tuesday has shown that food crop yield had also increased from 9,54,000 MT to 14,98,000 MT while fruit cultivation area increased from 44,329 hectares to 2,08,154 with increase in production from 148.58 MT to 1,027.82 MT. Substantial increase in off-season vegetable production had also been registered with the launch of schemes aimed at motivating the farming community to diversify their traditional farming practices towards cash crops and off-season vegetable cultivation.The data further showed that forest cover had increased by 16,460 sq kms during the past four decades. While the state had 20,540 sq kms of forest cover in 1970-71, it has now increased to over 37,000 sq kms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13859987", "title": "17 Keralites in Interpol's most-wanted list", "text": "KOCHI: Keralites are known for making it to top positions in various fields across the world. But of late, some of them have been acquiring an aura of notoriety, getting into Interpol's most-wanted list in connection with terrorism, weapon smuggling and economic fraud.According to officials in Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), which acts as a nodal agency for Interpol in India, 17 Malayalis have found a place in Interpol's most-wanted list, which has around 500 Indians in it.Of the 17, seven are from the northern part of the state; four are from central Kerala and five from south.\"Red corner notices are issued against those who are members of international criminal networks and have been holed up in other countries after committing crimes in India. A growing number of Keralites is getting involved in terrorism and related illegal activities - trafficking of weapons and counterfeit currencies. And most of the Keralites in the list are there in connection with terrorism cases,\" the officials said.According to CBI officials, the main reason why more number of Malayalis are getting into Interpol's wanted list is because of the large number of expatriates from Kerala in other countries.People of Kerala origin in the Interpol list in connection with terrorism cases are: Abdul Sathar of Ernakulam, Mohammed Bashir of Aluva, Mohammed Ashar of Thalassery and P P Yoosaf of Kannur. Interpol had issued red corner notices against nearly 830 Indian citizens in the period between 2001 and 2010 when countries across the globe witnessed heightened terrorist activities and money laundering. Interpol updated its red corner list in 2012 by adding 160 new entrants of Indian origin.Interpol has a global membership of 190 countries, and enables member countries to work together on cross-border investigations. Malayalis became familiar with Interpol red corner notices after Santhosh Madhavan alias Amritha Chaithanya, a self-styled godman, made it to the list in connection with a fraud case in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859666", "title": "Planning Commission splurges Rs 35 lakh to upgrade 2 toilets", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Yojana Bhavan toilets are causing a stink of a different kind. The Planning Commission, which estimated a poverty line figure of Rs 28 per day per person, lavished Rs 35 lakh on refurbishing two toilets in its headquarters.For good measure, the commission has admitted in an RTI response, it has spent Rs 5.19 lakh in installing an access control system in the toilets. The facility, installed while the toilets were renovated recently, is aimed at limiting access to only those people who had smart cards.According to data given to RTI activist SC Agrawal, 60 smart cards were issued to Plan panel officials.The commission had also decided to install CCTV cameras in the corridors leading to these toilets as the officials said there were instances of pilferage in the washrooms. Estimates have been sought from the CPWD.The disclosure comes on the back of reports that Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia had spent over Rs 2 lakh per day on foreign travel between May and October 2011. Another report said that he undertook 42 official trips aggregating 274 days between June 2004 and January 2011 at a cost of Rs 2.34 crore.Refuting the inferences drawn, Ahluwalia had said that foreign travels are needed for discharge of official duties.In its response, the Plan panel has said the system in the toilets is still to be made operational. However, sources said that the door access system was disabled within hours of the toilets being declared fit for use after protests from people working on the floor.A note from the commission officials proposing the upgrade of toilets last year shows that the two toilets to be renovated as a pilot project and after execution of the work, decision on renovation of other washrooms would be taken.Times ViewAt a time when the government is ostensibly in the midst of an austerity drive, it seems unacceptably extravagant for Rs 35 lakh to be spent on a couple of toilets. What adds to the irony is the fact that it the same Planning Commission that informs us that it is possible for Indians to survive on sums as measly as less than Rs 32 a day.Surely it cannot fail to see how absurd the situation is. If the government advocates belt tightening, examples must be set at the very top of the hierarchy. Such examples of splurging rob its message of any meaning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13858950", "title": "Sleeping 50-yr-old crushed to death by truck in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: A 50-year-old resident of Shivneri Slum, Bhadrakali, Dabir Shaikh, died in an accident on Monday near his residence. According to the police, around 6am, an unidentified truck driver who had parked his vehicle in front of a shop near the Shivneri slum, put his truck in the reverse gear to back it out of the parking space.However, deceased Dabir Shaikh was sleeping near the parking spot and a rear wheel of the truck passed over his head, crushing him to death. The truck driver fled the scene without informing anyone about the incident. A complaint in this regard has been filed at the Bhadrakali police station.30,000 stolen from nursery: Rs 30,000 was stolen from Papaya Nursery on Trimbak Road in the Satpur area on May 25. In a complaint registered by one Sandip Kakuse at the Satpur police station, on May 25, between 10 and 10.30am, an unidentified person entered the main office of the nursery and escaped with 30,000 in cash kept in the till. The Satpur police station i s investigating the case.Four injured in accident near Panchavati: Four persons, including the driver of a Scorpio car, were injured in a road accident when the drowsy driver lost control of the vehicle. Mohan Pale, a resident of Ghatkopar, was travelling to Nashik along with three members of his family in a Scorpio car on Monday. At around 3.30am, the vehicle skidded off the main road as the driver of the SUV fell asleep at the wheel and lost control of the vehicle. Everyone in the vehicle, including the driver, was injured in the accident. A complaint in this regard has been lodged at the Adgaon police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858633", "title": "Mumbaikars: Why pay more for rickety ride in smelly cabs?", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters have come up with a reason why they are against a big rise in taxi fares. The point is that half of the taxis on city roads are old and rickety and travelling in them is quite often an ordeal. Given such bad service, commuters feel they should not pay more than they already are.The one-member Hakim Committee, set up to look into the fare matter, heard the complaint and took into consideration the presence of old taxis before giving its fare recommendation. This is why it ordered a second round of survey on taxis, specially old Fiats, a source said. The exercise was undertaken on Tuesday, the sample size being 30.The results showed that the mileage for an old taxi was 12km/kg of CNG as compared to 20km/kg for a new Wagon-R. The productive distance (run with passengers) was 80-100km per day, showing that the daily earnings of a taxi driver would be in the Rs 800-1,000 range, a source said. Also, a taxi made five to seven trips a day.Apprised of the findings, Pratik Desai, a regular commuter, said, \"If you say the cost of maintaining an old taxi is high and it gives a low mileage (12km/kg), this is no justification to increase fares. The Hakim panel should study the ground realities and ensure that we (commuters) get value for money. Don't give a fare hike unless all taxis are in good condition.\"Consumer activist Sunil Mone said the panel should consider \"quality of service\" as an important factor. \"If the quality is poor--such as travelling in cabs with tattered/stained seat covers and smelly interiors--why should we pay more to the driver?\"Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat said he had made a submission before the panel, insisting on that passenger feedback and drivers' quality of service should be considered on priority before raising fares for either autos or taxis.During the survey, RTO officials learnt that most owners of old taxis did a shoddy job when it came to repairing their vehicles. \"They use substandard spare parts and don't spend much on repairs. Also, the cabs are not maintained properly and most drivers just wait for them to become scrap,\" an RTO official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859608", "title": "Bengal civic poll results: Trinamool surge plateaus, Haldia takes a Left turn", "text": "KOLKATA: If it's not an upward curve, it's not a downward one either for Mamata Banerjee's party. The Trinamool Congress won four of the six municipalities that went to polls last Saturday but suffered a stunning loss in Haldia, the port town just across the river from Nandigram, which propelled Mamata to power a year ago.But that loss along with the defeat to Congress in Nadia's Cooper's Camp didn't appear to have dented the Trinamool's confidence. \"It has been established that in Bengal, the Trinamool can fight and win elections alone. We fought against CPM, Congress, BJP and the Maoists,\" railway minister Mukul Roy said.But Haldia sprung a surprise on Trinamool mandarins who had written off the opposition in the area, especially with CPM strongman Lakshman Seth behind bars. The industrial township threw the one-sided calculations haywire, to crush the might of Trinamool MP Subhendu Adhikary. Seth had been at the receiving end of such a surprise in the 2009 Lok Sabha election. Haldia voters simply reversed the assembly election score. In 2011, the ward-based scoresheet was Trinamool 15-Left Front 11. In this civic election, Left Front has 15 seats and Trinamool 11.The Left victory is all the more significant because CPM and Congress had made joint complaints on how their activists were being intimidated by Trinamool toughs on polling day.Much of the credit goes to Lakshman Seth's wife Tamalika, the chairperson of the outgoing civic board.While Tamalika and the CPM went on a low-key outreach campaign, Trinamool went loud with its MLA Shiuli Saha and MP Subhendu Adhikary openly at war over the selection of candidates. While explaining the defeat, Adhikary blamed the \"other parties\" (Congress) and the \"Naxalites and Maoists\" that \"transferred votes\" in favour of the Left. But this again demolishes Mukul Roy's claim that the Trinamool can take on CPM and BJP on its own.For the Congress, the civic poll was a fight for survival. Bullied by Big Brother Trinamool, the Congress landslide in Cooper's Camp Notified Area in Nadia (Congress 11, Trinamool 1) came as a breather for the PCC and its district leader Sankar Singh.The results, though downplayed by the Trinamool as a mandate of only 12,000 votes, reaffirmed the Congress' presence in Bengal. Congress lost Nalhati though its local MLA happens to be Pranab Mukherjee's son Abhijit, but the result was not unexpected. Most Congress councillors had shifted to Trinamool though the Trinamool contender for the chairman's post lost the polls.PCC chief Pradip Bhattacharya believes that the party's overall performance will help checking the erosion in the Congress ranks.Durgapur and Dhupguri, however, turned out to be a commentary on the Left downslide. CPM performed worse than the 2011 assembly polls in these 'red bastions'. CPM's Burdwan secretary Amal Haldar seemed to have given up early, calling the polls a \"farce\", but party insiders pointed to some other factors that have been ailing the Burdwan CPM. The party faced a near rout in the 10 wards of Benachiti and the Durgapur Steel Township where the \"party clique run by Haldar and district secretariat member Achintya Mullick\" didn't take the local veterans into confidence. Corruption in the ranks was also a factor behind the poor performance.So is the scene in Dhupguri, where \"complacency\" in the CPM and the resentment among the ranks over the replacement of the local MLA and the party zonal secretary played a key role. In Panskura, the Left suffered a marginal loss of one ward from the 2011 assembly tally. It won six of the 17 wards in 2011. Trinamool, on the other hand, gained one, thus improved its tally from 11 to 12.Mukul Roy touted the party's overall performance a major victory where the Trinamool improved its tally from 19 to 72 (of 129 wards), and from one municipality to four. But if one considers the fact that the elections were held under Mamata rule, there is not much to boast about.Leader of the Opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra feels that people have shown a \"yellow card\" to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13859333", "title": "HC slams red-tape over death records", "text": "CHENNAI: Once a death is brought to the notice of authorities by a competent person, then it must be registered and certificate given without going into questions such as cause of death and place of occurrence, the Madras high court said recently.A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, passing orders on an appeal filed by the Perungalathur town panchayat, said: \"When an information is furnished by the head of the family or the nearest relative or the oldest adult male person in the house within the jurisdiction of the registering authority, the registrar is duty-bound to register it.\"The matter relates to a petition filed by N Vedantam, who said his wife died on May 3, 2010 while travelling from New Delhi to Patna by train. The couple hailed from Perungalathur, a Chennai suburb, and the woman's body was brought here and cremated.Later, when Vedantam applied for registration of the death and sought death certificate, the Perungalathur town panchayat officials said they could not issue the certificate as she died beyond their jurisdiction. They asked Vedantam to approach officials in Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh. Vedantam approached the high court and a single judge directed the authorities to issue the certificate. Challenging it, the town panchayat filed an appeal.Justice Elipe Dharma Rao, writing the judgment for the bench, flayed the panchayat authorities for driving Vedantam from pillar to post, and said there was no justification in the denial of death certificate.As per the Registration of Births and Deaths Act, 1969, the foremost duty of the registering officer was to register the information, as the rules do not provide for refusal to register the information, said Justice Elipe Dharma Rao.\"When the government is propagating and trying to educate the citizens to register marriages, births and deaths on the one hand, it is not proper on their part to take a contra stand and drive persons from pillar to post for registration of the same,\" the order read.The town panchayat was then directed to register the details without probing into the nature or circumstances of the death.When the government is propagating and trying to educate the citizens to register marriages, births and deaths on the one hand, it is not proper on their part to take a contra stand and drive persons from pillar to post for registration of the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859184", "title": "Vigilance cell set up for better health of Aarogyasri scheme", "text": "HYDERABAD: Aarogyasri scheme was said to have a foolproof mechanism to check fraudulent practices but six months after the trust decided to directly deal with 450 of the total 938 procedures under the scheme by pruning the role of the private insurance provider, it has decided to set up a vigilance cell. Suspecting that private network hospitals are resorting to all kinds of fraudulent practices to milk the scheme, the Aarogyasri trust will now outsource vigilance services in the state, a job that was until recently handled by retired police personnel sitting in the trust's vigilance wing.Officials said that the trust would be coughing up a hefty Rs 2.3 crore annually on the outsourced agency to curb the fraudulent activities such as bogus pre-authorizations and claims, collection of money from beneficiaries, deficiency in service, rejection of service, engaging middlemen and paying commissions to various parties including trust staff to get more patients.However, experts note that with the existing network in place, the trust failed to curb fraudulent activities and deploying a private agency will be a futile exercise. \"Several hospitals have made crores of rupees and as many as 101 have been delisted, but till date no action has been taken against them because many are big hospitals. Hundreds of cases are pending against them and by outsourcing vigilance services, they will only be adding some more,\" says a surgeon from a government hospital.Doctors say that the trust should first act on the hundreds of complaints that have been pending with it.In fact, sources say that there are some doctors who have been blacklisted but have started new ventures. They maintain that these hospitals are not only stealing public money but also playing with the lives of patients.Even trust officials admit that Arogyamitras who are deployed in the empanelled hospitals to provide guidance to patients and the doctors themselves are referring cases to network hospitals of their choice for the commission they receive.However, an expert said that the vigilance mechanism, which is the most important in an insurance scheme, is required. \"If the government is spending Rs 950 crore annually on the scheme, it is important that it has a mechanism to know whether the purpose has been served or not,\" an official said. But he added that the selection criteria for the agency should be extremely stringent for it to serve the purpose.N Srikant, CEO, Arogyasri trust said that until recently, there was an internal mechanism between the trust and the private insurer Star Health. With more and more diseases being brought under the purview of the trust, it has no manpower to check malpractices. \"Once we delist, hospital will be barred from taking up any procedures under the scheme for 2 years. But we don't have any right to take criminal action against these hospitals,\" said Srikant.\"Several hospitals have made crores of rupees and as many as 101 have been delisted, but till date no action has been taken against them because many are big hospitals\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858237", "title": "13/7 hawala operator used illegal SIM cards", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigators probing the 13/7 triple blasts have learnt that Delhi-based hawala operator Kanwalnayan Pathrija not only transferred funds for the bombings, but also used three SIM cards obtained on fake documents. The SIM cards were from a set of cards provided to members of Indian Mujahideen (IM).According to the chargesheet filed by the ATS, suspected Pakistani bombers Waqqas Shaikh and Tabrez alias Danish, arrested accused Naquee Ahmed and Nadeem Akhtar and wanted accused Tehseen Shaikh and Muzaffar Kola had used SIM cards which were obtained using forged documents. \"Pathrija (42) used three such SIM cards,\" said an ATS officer. \"We have obtained the call detail records of these SIMs.\"\"The arrested and the wanted accused prior to July 13, 2011 conspired within and outside India, and in pursuance of the aforesaid conspiracy... , and to achieve the objectives of the conspiracy,they resorted to the usage of used mobile phones for communication by using SIM cards which were obtained on forged documents,\" the ATS chargesheet states.Pathrija was nabbed on January 31 in the blasts case for allegedly delivering Rs 10 lakh to IM leader Yasin Bhatkal. The money was allegedly used to execute the blasts. Cops had seized from Pathrija two diaries in which he allegedly kept a record of all his hawala transactions, a broken mobile and another phone. This is not the first time a hawala operator has been arrested in a blasts case. The Mumbai crime branch had arrested Moolchand Choksi, a hawala operator, for the 1993 serial blasts case. Choksi was convicted in the case.The ATS chargesheet in the 13/7 case also mentions that the DNA of a woman was found in Byculla's Habib Mansion, the building where the suspected bombers stayed. \"We had sent several seized items to the state forensic science laboratory for analysis. The forensic reports state that one of the three toothbrushes seized by the police from the room contains a woman's DNA,\" said an ATS officer. \"It is likely that a family stayed in the room before the bombers rented it. Our probe has not reaveled the involvement of a woman, but we are probing all angles,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859208", "title": "Andhra govt pioneers quota in liquor trade", "text": "HYDERABAD: Licences through draw of lots, 12% reservation for SC/STs and BCs, licence fee based on the population of the area and introduction of government-run outlets to act as price regulators are the highlights of the Excise Policy 2012-14 that has been finalized by the state government.According to sources, the gazette notification of the new policy would be issued on June 15, after the bypoll results are announced. The draw of lots would be held on June 23 and the new policy would come into effect from July 1, 2012. Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy cleared the file on Sunday, the sources added.Interestingly, the reservation for the weaker sections is said to be the brainchild of K Parthasarathy, who took charge of the excise portfolio from Mopidevi Venkataramana who had to quit the cabinet after he was arrested by the CBI in the Jagan assets case. However, Parthasarathy preferred to give the credit to Kiran Kumar. \"It was the chief minister's idea to introduce reservation in liquor trade. While we have reservation in job and education, the weaker sections are needed to be empowered in the commercial sector as well. On the lines of providing reservation in the small scale industries, we thought of bringing in reservation in liquor sales,\" the excise minister told TOI.While the fee is fixed based on the population of the area, the licenses will be issued by drawing of lot. It will be a minimum of Rs 27 lakh in an area where the population is Iess than 10,000 to a maximum of Rs 1.27 crore where it is more than 20 lakh. A separate lottery system will be held to choose licensees among SC, ST, and backward class applicants. Applicants have to pay Rs 25,000 as non-refundable application fee and June 22 is the last day for filing applications.Giving in to the demand of the retailers, the government has decided to allow permit rooms where liquor is served for consumption on the premises of the retail shop in towns where the population is less than 10 lakh. While there will be a few government outlets in order to ensure effective implementation of MRP, the number of private shops is going to be increased from 6,596 to 7,000. However, there is no legalization of belt shops. \"The policy emphasizes on strict implementation of MRP and curbing of irregularities such as selling non-duty paid liquor. The government will not allow belt shops at any cost,\" said Parthasarathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859529", "title": "Poaching lens on cub death in Sunderbans", "text": "KOLKATA: The Sunderbans faces its first poaching probe since the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) notified new rules last month.The carcass of a two-month-old female tiger cub was found floating near the mangroves on the Raimangal river on Tuesday, creating a flutter in the forests as, according to NTCA rules, all tiger deaths are to be treated as poaching cases until proven otherwise.Officials of the Sunderbans Tiger Reserve will now conduct a detailed probe and send the post-mortem and viscera reports to the NTCA. The body was spotted near Jhingakhali by an STR patrolling team. Vet and representatives from World Wildlife Fund and NTCA were called in to assist in the probe.The cub might have died a day or two back. As of now, it is suspected to be a drowning case as water was found in the cub's lungs. Since it was only two months old, it didn't even have teeth,\" said Joydip Kundu, member, NTCA Schedule I animal handling committee.Acting field director of STR and a joint director of Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve, Ravi Kant Sinha, told TOI the cub's lungs and stomach had been sent to laboratory for detailed reports. \"We are searching the forests of Arbesi and Jhingakhali for the mother and other cubs. Traces of minced food, chewed by its mother, was found in the stomach. There was no injury mark on the body and all the body parts were intact. It seems a natural death by drowning during the high tide,\" Sinha added. Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve director Pradeep Vyas said two to three teams, led by the range officers, have already launched combing operations in the nearby jungles. \"They are trying to track the mother. If they notice anything unusual, they will report us immediately.\"Though Sinha claimed that initial reports have been sent to the NTCA, a senior NTCA official said they are yet to receive any report. \"We haven't received any communication from the Sunderbans officials. Unless we receive the detailed reports and are satisfied with those, this tiger death will be treated as an official case of poaching, as mentioned in a recent directive by the NTCA,\" said S P Yadav, deputy inspector general (DIG), NTCA.Biswajit Roychowdhury of Nature Environment and Wildlife Society (NEWS) said the officials should probe the case properly as Bagna, Kumirmari are vulnerable areas, from where cases of poaching have been reported earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13857891", "title": "Mahamaya Technical University plans English lessons in new language lab", "text": "NOIDA: Mahamaya Technical University (MTU) is planning to start a language laboratory alongside the already existing written exam for English that will focus on practical application of language skills. Officials explained that this move was aimed at making the education of students more holistic while increasing their employability. The suggestion has been put forward to the board of studies.Officials said that under the current system, students are often found scoring well in their written exam while doing poorly when it came to verbal communication skills. \"Communication is an essential part of a student's overall development, and it is essential that a student is able to put his ideas across in an engaging and clear manner,\" said SK Kak, vice chancellor, MTU.Officials said that the proposed language lab will aim to initially increase the students' familiarity with a set of 500-700 commonly used words in their field. \"A number of students studying in MTU come from a background of Hindi medium education and their lack of familiarity with English can be a major problem when it comes to getting jobs. This will aim to change that,\" said an official.The proposed language lab will work with a student-teacher ratio of 25:1, thus allowing students to get individual attention to their specific needs. \"Students will be given different scenarios and it will essentially move the study of language to a more practical setting, where students actively use and improve skills they learn,\" said the official.According to officials, in spite of the rapid increase in the number of technical colleges in the state, the demand for the seats in these colleges is decreasing and the decreasing employability of these students is an important reason for this. Kak explained that while students might be brilliant academically, it was important for them to be employable globally and a drastic increase in their language and communication skills needs to take place for that to happen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859841", "title": "Beware of killer heat, stay away from the sun", "text": "KOLKATA: The killing heat has left 81 dead in the state in the past two days, most of them young men who had ventured out to earn a living. This, say doctors, was a fatal error.\"Heat stroke can cause sudden deaths. Time is of critical importance and patients need to be attended to immediately. He or she should be taken to a shade and given lots of fluids and salt as heat stroke reduces electrolyte in the body. A doctor needs to attend to the patient at the earliest,\" said general physician Anshuman Mitra, secretary of Medical Service Centre, West Bengal State Commission.Heat stroke occurs when prolonged exposure to sun or high environmental temperature raises the core body temperature to 104\u00b0F or 40\u00b0C. The heat dries up the skin and affects the central nervous system, causing dry skin, dizziness and cramps in the limbs. Sweating stops. If the victim stays on under the sun, he or she may suffer a seizure and die.Heat stroke affects elderly people and children the most as they have low body reserves. But it is those who venture out in the sun that become most vulnerable. \"The state has been experiencing dry heat for the past two weeks that has led to so many heat stroke deaths. Body fluids are lost, and more importantly, salt reserves are flushed out of the system,\" said paediatrician Chandan Banerjee, vice-president of Indian Medical Association.\"In case the person has already lost consciousness, he/she must be given intravenous saline as soon as possible,\" said Banerjee.To beat heat stroke, doctors recommend ORS solution, salt packets, water and fruits. \"It is better not to go out in the sun, unless very important. But if you go out, carry an umbrella and keep fluids handy,\" said Mitra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13858056", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation may have to pay for fire engine contractor\u2019s lethargy", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's lackadaisical attitude in following up with a contractor, assigned the job to fabricate two chassis as fire tenders, may cost the state exchequer an additional 7 lakh. The fire and emergency department's failure led to the Solapur-based firm Devi Fire Service (DFS) missing its deadline and the fire tenders never materializing.As a result, the NMC may now be forced to float the tender for the fabrication work and the cost has increased by almost 3.5 lakh per fire engine. \"When the work was entrusted to DFS, the price of fabrication of each chassis was 13.50 lakh and now the cost has escalated to over 17 lakh,\" said a source. NMC's chief fire officer AN Khan refused to comment.A senior official, who preferred anonymity, admitted his department's \"casual approach\" for getting the chassis fabricated into fire tenders. He said the fire department has already sent a proposal to municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal to initiate the procedure for blacklisting the firm with the state government and seize its 19.40 lakh bank guarantee deposited at the time of awarding the tender.A team of NMC's fire department visited the firm in Solapur and was shocked to find the two chassis lying idle and no work being done on the same. \"The team mentioned this in their inspection report submitted to the CFO,\" said the officer.Sources, however, said that the firm did not start the fabrication work as the amount quoted by it in the tender was very low.The official said that DFS is owned by Devidas Raut, who is also related to BJP corporator Sudhir alias Bandu Raut. The official alleged that the corporator was pressuring the NMC against taking any action and was instead seeking more time for the firm.NMC had entrusted the firm with the job of fabricating six fire tenders at a cost of 81 lakh. The firm was to fabricate the six chassis in three phases. In July 2011, the firm took two chassis and it was supposed to complete the work in September.As per the agreement, the department can now deduct 500 for each day of delay since September 7, 2011. Till date, the fine amount itself stands at around 2.73 lakh.Devidas Raut was not available for comment. Bandu Raut assured that both the tenders will be added to the city's fire brigade by June 15. He said the work was delayed due to non-availability of pumps for the tenders.If the two fire engines are not delivered by June 15, NMC may have to refloat tenders for the entire work at the increased cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13859358", "title": "On environment day, Ganga continues to bear increasing pollution", "text": "VARANASI: The city celebrated the World Environment Day with a series of activities to create mass awareness for environment conservation on Tuesday, but the holy Ganga that crosses through the millennial old city continued to bear the increasing pollution load in terms of biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) and faecal coliform counts (FCC).\"Both BOD and FCC were found many times above the acceptable limits in the Ganga at all prominent ghats of the city,\" said Prof Veer Bhadra Mishra, noted environmentalist and expert member of National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA). Mishra is also the president of Sankat Mochan Foundation (SMF), an NGO working for the cause of Ganga for over 25 years. Under its 'Swatcha Ganga' campaign the SMF conducts regular monitoring and water testing of Ganga.On the occasion of World Environment Day it released the testing report conducted recently during the auspicious Ganga Dussehra when thousands of devotees took bath in the holy river. Normally the SMF takes samples of water about 3-5 metres away from all prominent ghats where the depth of river varies from 1-1.5 metres. According to the report, the BOD level of water remains around 2mg per litre when the river enters the city. The acceptable limit of BOD for bathing purpose is 3mg/l, but it was found between 4-4 to 7.6 mg/l in most of the places. The resting report reveals that the BOD level was 6.2mg/l at Tulsi Ghat, 7.2mg/l at Shivala Ghat, 5.4mg/l at Kedar Ghat, 7mg/l at Rajendra Prasad Ghat, 4.4mg/l at Panch Ganga Ghat and 7.6mg/l at Trilochan Ghat.Similarly, the FCC was recorded 16000-60000 per 100ml of Ganga water while the acceptable limit of FCC for bathing purpose is only 500 per 100ml. According to the report, the FCC was recorded 32000 at Tulsi Ghat, 60000 at Shivala Ghat, 28000 at Kedar Ghat, 38000 at Rajendra Prasad Ghat, 16000 at Panch Ganga Ghat and 33000 at Trilochan Ghat. It may be mentioned here that the ambitious Ganga Action Plan (GAP) was formally launched here at Rajendra Prasad Ghat in 1986 by the then Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi .According to Mishra, the problem of pollution at Varanasi is due to the discharge of sewage, industrial waste, animal carcasses, unclaimed human bodies, and plastic bags into the river. The seven-km stretch of river in Varanasi extending from Asi to Varuna is believed to be a holy place. Thousands of people take bath in the river every day. About 95% of this pollution is caused by sewage discharge into the river from the point sources of pollution. The level of this pollution can be quantified by BOD in mg/l of the river water, which is a measure of organic matter present in water, and the number of FCC/100 ml of water sample, indicating the presence of faecal coliform bacteria in water, the root cause of practically all water-borne diseases.It may be mentioned here that the SMF received Global 500 Roll of Honour in 1992 at Rio on the occasion of UN's conference and the Earth Summit. Time magazine during the millennium year nominated SMF president as one of 'seven heroes of the planet'. Mishra always advocated for Advanced Integrated Wastewater Oxidation Pond System (AIWPS) technology for the treatment of wastewater.The technology was developed at the University of California at Berkeley, USA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13860853", "title": "Three held for smuggling tortoises", "text": "BELGAUM: Belgaum (Rural) police on Tuesday arrested three people at Macche in connection with smuggling of tortoises.They have recovered three tortoises from the arrested Namdev Maruti Vani, a resident of Macche, Satteppa Siddappa Mutyanatti from Teerthkunde and Nagappa Hanumant Rangi from Santibastwad.Acting on a tip-off, officials conducted a raid and took the accused into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13858673", "title": "Preferential voting still a mystery", "text": "With just a week left for the election to the graduates constituency, many are confused by the process of preferential voting, which is very different from regular voting.For the 1,16,000 voters who registered for the election to be held on June 10, voting will follow a more complicated pattern. Apart from choosing the candidate, voters can also rank the other 14 candidates whose names are on the ballot paper.While counting the votes of the leading candidate, in case he/she does not get the required majority, the candidate will be assessed based on the rank got from all voters.\"Though this system of voting is fantastic and demands that the voter know the profiles of all candidates, it can lead to confusion. Votes become invalid if the same rank is pressed against two candidates. So we are asking voters to vote only for our candidate, and not bother to rank the other candidates,\" says Srinivas Alavalli, Loksatta volunteer.\"It's difficult for first-time voters unless they are trained. They can stick to one candidate and vote by writing '1' in the column,\" says Kiran KS, a software engineer from Hosakerehalli.According to Ashwin Mahesh, Loksatta candidate, preferential voting is good, but awareness has to be brought in among voters. \"Voters must keep in mind that the same ranking must not be given to more than one candidate. It is the duty of the Election Commission to ensure that all voters are aware of the voting procedure. It's surprising, but voters still depend on the candidates to know where the polling booths are, as the EC has not informed them,\" he alleged.State chief election commissioner Suranjana Das said the department would guide voters on 'Dos and Don'ts' to be followed while voting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13862101", "title": "US has an important relationship with Pakistan: White House", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States has an important relationship with Pakistan which it endeavours to work on every day, the White House has said, a day after the Islamabad summoned its top diplomat to protest against the drone strike that apparently killed the second top ranking al-Qaida leader.\"We have an important relationship with Pakistan that we endeavour to work on every day because it is in our national security interest to do so,\" the White House press secretary, Jay Carney told reporters at his daily news conference on Tuesday.Carney said that the US continues to its negotiations with Pakistan on reopening of the ground lines of communication which were closed around six months ago.\"I don't have an update for you on that. Both, obviously this administration and the government of Pakistan are committed to resolving that issue. We believe that it will be resolved, but I have no specific updates for you on that,\" he said.\"We have regular contacts and consultations with the Pakistanis,\" he said in response to a question.Carney said the US President Barack Obama is firmly committed to carrying out his policy objective in Afghanistan and in the Afghanistan-Pakistan region, which is to disrupt, dismantle and ultimately defeat al-Qaida.\"He is committed to disrupting, dismantling and ultimately defeating al-Qaida beyond that region, too. That's why we cooperate with countries around the world in efforts to counter al-Qaida and other extremists,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859017", "title": "A ray of hope for teachers' colony", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of Shastripuram, Kattedan, who have been suffering for decades from plastic pollution owing to existence of 'scrap shops', are likely to get relief if municipal authorities are to keep their word. GHMC's health wing officials inspected the scrap units on Tuesday and said that they would be issuing notices to the owners demanding shifting of units from the area.TOI reported in these columns the plight of the residents of Shastripuram colony on May 11. Set up as a colony for teachers in the 1980s, Shastripuram soon turned into a plastic dump yard owing to its proximity to Kattedan, the city's plastic manufacturing hub. The plastic units exponentially increased in number over the years even as the colony continued to develop. Today, the locality's roads are lined up with piles of plastic even as several pockets with burnt plastic contaminate the soil and the ground water.Interestingly these units mushroomed without licences, allegedly under the patronage of local leaders. An RTI recently filed with the GHMC revealed that only nine units are operating with licences out of the 45 units in the area.Having failed to convince the plastic unit owners or garner support from the local leaders, the residents have decided to take up cudgels against the pollution. A representation was given to GHMC Chief Medical Officer for Health (CMOH) on Monday following which an inspection was carried. The officer reportedly took strong exception to the presence of the units and faulted Rajendera Nagar GHMC officials for neglect.Chief Medical and Health Officer D Shalini Devi told TOI that she had inspected around 30 units and discovered that most of them operated without license. \"The residents have complained to me that plastic is being recycled in the area by melting and granulizing it. This is the main cause for pollution. When we visited the units, we were told that these units are only godowns for storage. As plastic littering is visibly rampant, I have ordered that the roads be cleaned within a day or two. The local officials (Rajendera Nagar GHMC) have also been asked to issue notices to those units running without licences,\" she said. She also added that GHMC would impose fine if units were found to be littering the streets.Residents said that they were hopeful after GHMC's response but cannot rest until their locality is plastic free. \"We have made several representations in the past. The local GHMC officials have clearly told us on several occasions that they cannot do much owing to pressure from local politicians. Approaching local leaders and the unit owners has been of little help. The owners maintain that the units are a source of livelihood for thousands of people. But they do not understand that the lives of greater number of people are put to a great risk. Besides the GHMC higher authorities, we have also decided to approach the Pollution Control Board demanding the evacuation of these units. If these moves do not yield any result, then as a last resort we will have to move high court,\" said an exasperated resident.GHMC's health wing officials inspected the scrap units on Tuesday and found that only nine out of 45 units had licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13859234", "title": "Water weed loaded in 350 tractors for a cleaner river", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) lifted 350 tractors of water hyacinth in two days and these have been dumped at the compost plant near Pathardi.The joint effort of the NMC's health department, public works department, drainage department and fire department saw more than 150 employees, three JCBs, 15 tractors and one shovel machine get to work on Monday to start river cleaning activity.Till Tuesday, 300 tractors were filled with the water hyacinth that was uprooted by the JCBs and shovel machine and were dumped at the NMC's compost plant.\"Yesterday we filled 150 tractors with the water hyacinth that was cleared from Holkar Bridge to Ramwadi and today from Ramwadi we filled 200 tractors. Taking into consideration the fact that the weeds have to be uprooted from under water we cannot do it easily. We have to clear the hyacinth right from Asaram Bapu Bridge to Kannamwar Bridge, near Tapovan, etc. This would take more than a month,\" informed P B Chavan, an engineer with the NMC's public works department.Chavan said that they did not weigh the hyacinth because the weight would be different when these were wet and different when these were dry.Chavam said that the hyacinth would be allowed to dry at the compost plant.\"Once they are dry they cannot be used for any purpose,\" he said.Earlier in the day, while addressing a gathering on occasion of World Environment Day, the superintending engineer of the NMC's water supply department said that in a month or so the entire river would be free from water hyacinth.\"These do not grow in pure water. Sewage water is food for hyacinth. Daily 300 mld of water is supplied to the citizens out of which 240 mld is released as effluent while the sewage treatment plants have the capacity to treat 170 mld of water. But in the next two years we will be able to treat all the water and consequently get rid of water hyacinth,\" he assured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13860444", "title": "Pakistan tests 5th N-capable missile in just 45 days", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan on Tuesday tested its fifth nuclear-capable cruise missile with a 700km range that can deliver a one-ton nuclear warhead. Last month, India launched Agni V, a long-range ballistic missile.A statement issued by the military said the indigenously developed Cruise Missile Hatf-VII (Babur) is a low-flying , terrain hugging missile with high maneuverability and pinpoint accuracy. It can avoid being detected by radars. It can carry both nuclear and conventional warheads and has stealth capabilities.\"It also incorporates the most modern cruise missile technology of Terrain Contour Matching (TERCOM), Digital Scene Matching and Area Co-relation (DSMAC), which enhances its precision and effectiveness manifold,\" the statement said.On May 31, Pakistan test fired nuclear-capable Hatf-VIII cruise missile with a range of more than 350 km. Islamabad tested its quick reaction tactical nuclear-capable Hatf-IX missile with a range of 60 km on May 29. Before that, Pakistan conducted a test of the nuclear-capable Hatf-III ballistic missile with a range of 290 km on May 10. On April 25 it tested an improved version of nuclear-capable Hatf-IV intermediate range ballistic missile with 1,000 km range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "beed", "code": "13857782", "title": "Illegal sale of abortion pills: Drug inspectors raid seven medical stores in Beed", "text": "BEED: The crackdown in and around Beed has exposed how chemists are hand-in-glove with doctors in stocking up and illegally selling abortion pills. Twelve Food and Drug Administration (FDA) drug inspectors, who have been raiding medical stores since Sunday, nailed seven stores for illegally selling, purchasing and stocking injections and pills that can induce abortion.Activists say the crackdowns should have been more frequent in the district with the lowest sex ratio in the state (801 girls to 1,000 boys). But the FDA maintained that lack of manpower makes it practically impossible for them to keep a constant vigil on chemist shops. Beed collector Sadanand Koche told TOI that the post of assistant commissioner (FDA) for Beed has been lying vacant for three years. \"One official has been taking care of Beed, Latur and Osmanabad, and the work pressure is understandably high,\" he said.The team inspecting chemist shops found that many with dubious records were attached to maternity centres with licences to carry out abortions. For instance, Priya Medical was housed inside Sanap Hospital, where the abortion of three foetuses was traced back. The hospital owner, Dr Shivaji Sanap, was arrested and remanded to judicial custody that ends on Wednesday.Assistant commissioner Suhas Mohite, who is heading the team of inspectors raiding shops, said it had lost its licence to carry out medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) in August 2011. \"Yet, it had more than 1,000 packs of Vecredil, each containing two 100 bottles of the drug that is commonly used for second trimester abortions,\" he said, adding that the FDA was taking steps to cancel its licence.Mohite explained that the team questioned wholesalers about their main retail buyers and nabbed chemists. He said the raids would continue for a few days in neighbouring areas like Majalgaon and Shirur too. On the other six chemists, he said most tried to mask the actual sale or purchase of injections or kits, the use of which can induce labour in 20-40 hours. \"The sale or purchase of such kits or injections without a bill is strictly prohibited,\" he said.A chemist from Parli, infamous for housing the hospital where foetuses were allegedly fed to dogs, was illegally stocking up abortion pills. The chemist has links with Dr Sudam Munde, who was recently found guilty of female foeticide and is on the run. Reports said that Munde had purchased Vecredil injections worth over Rs 20 lakh in 2011. FDA officials claimed that they were getting additional manpower from other states to look into the menace in Beed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859801", "title": "APJ Abdul Kalam\u2019s scheme to bridge urban-rural divide set to take off", "text": "NEW DELHI: Missile man APJ Abdul Kalam's vision of bridging the urban-rural divide through a new scheme is set to take off, with the Planning Commission agreeing to allocate Rs 1,500 crore in the 12th five-year plan and the Centre likely to start 15 projects this year.The Provision of Urban Amenities in Rural Areas (PURA) would target development in 'census towns' by undertaking key activities like sanitation, water supply, street lighting and waste management.The 'census towns' have a population of over 5,000 \u2014 a density of 400 people per square km, where the male population engaged in non-agricultural activities is more than 75%. These are overgrown villages that have not yet been categorized as municipal towns, with their numbers increasing from 1,362 in 2001 to 3,894 in 2011.Union rural development (RD) ministry has decided to focus PURA in these towns that have no municipal agency to look after their infrastructural needs. The project would be executed by private companies based on a pact signed with gram panchayat for 10 years.Each project is likely to cost about Rs 150 crore. While RD ministry would provide a grant of Rs 40-50 crore, Rs 70-80 crore will come through the convergence of ongoing central schemes. The private partner is expected to bring in about Rs 20 crore.The company could impose user-charges or engage in economic activities to generate funds, all to be first agreed with the panchayat.RD minister Jairam Ramesh said, \"Ten to 15 projects will be taken up this year in West Bengal , UP, Tamil Nadu , Maharashtra, Kerala and Andhra Pradesh in a public-private partnership mode to build and improve upon the physical infrastructure.\"Ramesh said states would have a key role in selecting the 'census town' where PURA is to be implemented, a key change from the scheme's earlier version that left the mandate entirely to the Centre and led to indifference or hostility among state governments.Ramesh said two projects each in Rajasthan and Andhra Pradesh, and one each in Puducherry and Uttarakhand are awaiting final approval. The ministry recently launched two such projects in Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13863106", "title": "Karthi Saguni On July 6th", "text": "Tamil Star Karthi's upcoming film 'Shakuni' will be hitting the screens simultaneously in Tamil and Telugu.Pranitha is the heroine in this movie and Shankar Dayal is the director. The release date was confirmed today by the makers of the film. Karthi commands a good market in Telugu now and his films are eagerly awaited.Gnanavel Raja is producing the movie on Studio Green banner. Shakuni is a political satire and Karthi will be seen in different getups throughout the movie. Suresh has picked up the film's distribution rights for Andhra PradeshSource: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13860187", "title": "Despite ban, polythene use continues", "text": "LUDHIANA: On the one hand, numerous events were organized in the city to celebrate the World Environment Day on Tuesday and on the other, the use of non-biodegradable polythene, one of the main sources of pollution, continues unabated in the city. Polythene was banned from May 1 last year under the Punjab Plastic Bags (manufacture, usage and disposal) Control Act prohibiting the manufacture, disposal and usage of polythene bags with over 30 micron thickness and larger than 8X12 inches in size.Sham Nagar resident Akashdeep Singh says, ''It is ironical that as the world celebrates World Environment Day, the use of banned polythene continues in the city. The government must strictly enforce the ban since it is non-biodegradable.''Surjeet Singh, a businessman from Civil Lines, says polythene can be seen everywhere on roads, in drains and in parks. ''It has been a major nuisance and pollutant for decades and needs to be avoided by the residents if they want to see a pollution free city. That would be the best way to celebrate World Environment Day.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13860652", "title": "'Moral police' attack pregnant woman, husband", "text": "KANNUR: In yet another incident of 'moral policing' in the district, a couple was attacked by group of people at Mayyil in the district on Monday. The attack took place when E P Naushad, a resident of Onchiyam in Kozhikode, took his pregnant wife K P Hafsath, a native of Kandikai near Mayyil, to a hospital in Kambil in the district.According to Naushad, on the way back from the hospital, he went to an ATM counter, while Hafsath sat in a bus shelter, as she was unable to walk. But, since the ATM was not functional, he called his wife on her cellphone to ask if there was any other ATM nearby. As she was talking to him over mobile phone, a group of people came there and asked her with whom she was talking. Though she said it was her husband, the gang refused to believe her words and later, when Naushad reached there they also abused and attacked him saying that he did not look like a Muslim.Later the couple lodged complaints with Kannur district police chief, State Human Rights Commission and Women's Cell.\"If a woman, who goes out with her husband faces such threats, what will be the condition of the ladies who go out with their brother or father?\" asked Hafsath.Following this incident, the Mayyil police registered a case against four people.and probe is on to nab the culprits.Considering the gravity of the incident, in which one of the victims was a pregnant woman, the police have registered case under Section 308 (attempt to commit culpable homicide) of the IPC.Police said they had got some lead about the accused and they would be arrested soon.Meanwhile, Kannur district police chief Rahul R Nair said that the police could effectively control such antisocial elements only with the cooperation of the society. \"In order to help us to catch the offenders and punish them in an exemplary manner, the society should come forward and prevent such incidences and also alert the police,\" he said. \"Though shadow police are functional in the district, that is not sufficient to curb such incidents,\" he added.Incidentally, this is not an isolated case in the district.Many such incidents have been reported from places like Thaliparamba, Pappinissery, Mattannur and Iritty, but the victims, more often than not, refused to file a formal complaint.A couple of months back, in Manna near Thaliparamba, a youth was attacked by a group of people for talking to a woman from another community. The victim, P V Anishkumar, a worker in Kinfra Textile Park near Thaliparamba, had to be hospitalized following the attack. In another incident, a young woman in Nedumpoyil was 'interrogated' and physically assaulted by a gang of nearly a dozen people, who accused her of immoral activities.In the recent times many such cases have been reported from Kozhikode, Kannur and Kasargod districts also. In Kannur, most of the cases were reported from Thaliparamba and surrounding areas, said the police official.\"If people are vigilant, it can be curbed. But quite often the society turns a blind eye to such criminal offences. Such incidents do not happen in the cover of darkness but in broad daylight. Still the people are hesitant to inform the police or stop the criminals,\" said Rahul R Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13859950", "title": "Powerless hours outrage Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Over 16,000 households in 12 sectors, which get electricity from 33KV grid sub-station in Sector 34, had a harrowing time on Monday night and Tuesday due to frequent power breakdowns. The electricity department, however, claimed that consumers' undeclared load hit the main supply.All hot and bothered, many residents on Monday lodged complaints at the sub-station, which supplies power to parts of 12 sectors, including sectors 23, 35-B, 34, 21-C, 20-A, 33, 20-C, 21-A, 22, 45, 35 and 34-C. Abhinav of Sector 34 said, \"There was a three-hour cut on Monday night and on Tuesday, there was no power between 8.30am and 1pm. I went to the complaint office in the morning and the official on duty said linemen had been sent to check the fault.\"With no one attending their calls, many residents kept groping in the dark. \"I called up at the complaint office many times, but nobody answered my call. I fail to understand why they don't respond,\" said Sukanya Sharma of Sector 35. Radhika Sood, also a Sector 35 resident, said, \"I could not sleep because of the power breakdown.\"On why the sectors plunged into darkness, superintending engineer, electricity, said overloading due to consumers' undeclared load snapped the supply.An electricity department official said, \"In the last week of May, a self-declaration scheme was started under which consumers could submit letters with complaint centres, informing about extra load usage. Till now, only 12 letters have been received at the Sector 35 complaint centre.\" When asked why the department was not launching a drive to check undeclared power load, another official said, \"We don't have enough manpower to conduct such checks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13860517", "title": "'Ginseng can cut tiredness due to cancer'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Ginseng, a herb which has been used in traditional Chinese medicine for thousands of years, can also help cancer patients fight off the tiredness caused by the condition, a new study has claimed.A team at the Mayo Clinic Cancer Center in the US found that high doses of the herb American ginseng over two months reduced cancer-related tiredness in patients more effectively than a placebo.In the study, the researchers looked at 340 patients who had either completed cancer treatment or were being treated for the disease. They gave them a placebo or capsules having 2,000 mg of pure, ground American ginseng root. At four weeks, the ginseng provided a slight improvement in fatigue symptoms of the patients.However, at eight weeks, it offered them significant improvement in general exhaustion - such as feelings of worn out, fatigued, sluggish, run-down or tired - compared to the placebo group. Dr Debra Barton, who led the study, said: \"After eight weeks, we saw a 20-point improvement in fatigue in cancer patients , measured on 100-point standardized fatigue scale.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13862825", "title": "Dibakar\u2019s stricter than any director: Kalki", "text": "The star struck in UP are used to their idols keeping them waiting and it was no different when the cast of \"Shanghai\" -- Abhay Deol, Kalki Koechlin and Emraan Hashmi - along with director Dibakar Banerjee came down for a visit to Lucknow and Kanpur yesterday, to promote their film.The cast, in fact, saw quite a bit of Lucknow. Emraan Hashmi said,\"I've been seeing a fair bit of Lucknow these last two days. On Monday I was here along with the others to meet a section of the media and then we went to Kanpur. We reached there so late in the night, but the people are amazing, they kept waiting for us. And today we are back in Lucknow... It's been a very hectic two days. Lucknow is so familiar and the people here give me so much love. In fact, I think I have come down here to promote almost every film of mine.\"In Lucknow Kalki and Emraan's visit to a mall near the Lucknow airport was unannounced and so the holiday crowd there couldn't believe their eyes when they saw the stars. Raucous shouts and hooting accompanied their entry. In fact, some movie watch ers at the cineplex chose to forsake a few minutes of their film in order to get a picture clicked with the stars. Teenagers Tejbir Singh Monga and Sakshi Pahwa, accompanied by elder brother Karan, who had come down to watch \" MIB3 \", chose to to do so. \" Arrey thodi picture chhoot gayi toh kya , we saw the stars in person,\" laughed an excited Sakshi, declaring, \"Emraan is my favourite but I was hoping to meet Abhay also.\" Dibakar and Abhay left early in the morning for Mussoorie where a special screening of \"Shanghai\" was organized for IAS officers.While it was Emraan who took the lead in media interactions, Kalki held her own. When asked who did she find a tougher director, Dibakar or her husband Anurag Kashyap, she promptly answered, \"Oh, definitely Dibakar. He's stricter than any director I have ever worked with. Anurag, on the other hand, works in some sort of organized chaos. But Dibakar, he's a perfectionist!\"Anjali Chandra and Sumit Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13863597", "title": "Tatya Vinchu is first Marathi film to have animation", "text": "Producers Amit Katariya, Raju Parakh and Alpesh Parakh's debut venture Tatya Vinchu Lage Raho has its protagonist character in animation. It is for the first time in Marathi film industry, the young producers team has come up with such a new concept. The film stars Sanjay Narvekar, Pratiksha Jadhav and Sheetal Pathak in lead roles.The film is directed by debutant Amol Muke. All the three producers are from Sangamner, running their business successfully over there. Talking about their debut they said, \"We felt we should do something for our hometown so thought of making films. In our films we have given opportunity to many actor and technicians of Sangamner. Amol came to us, narrated the story. We liked it very much so decided to bring it on celluloid. The film is 90% complete, has been shot at Nashik, Sangamner and Bhandardhara. We are also thinking to dub and release the film in Hindi and Malyalam. Next we have three-four scripts for Marathi films. In future we will make Hindi films.\"The film is written by Parshuram Ghule who has also penned three songs. On the set he said, \"I had a dream 12 years before which was the story of Tatya Vinchu . I met Amol and the producers who liked the story. I am very excited my dream will come true on celluloid.\"Amol Muke is running Bollywood Dreams Academy in Sangamner. He teaches various aspects of film industry like acting, camera operating, direction etc. He has done diploma in direction from National School of Drama from Delhi. \"This film has comedy, suspense, action...in short it is a full fledged family entertainer. The story revolves around Ravi who is unemployed, meets the spirit of Tatya Vinchu accidentally and then...You have a ride of this rollercoaster on big screen.\"\"For the first time we are introducing protagonist in an animation character. It has face of Kingkong, body of Spiderman and tail of dianosaur. USP of this film is Animation and south styled action scenes. If we get success we will make sequel of Tatya Vinchu ,\" he adds.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858550", "title": "Man survives electric shock atop local on Harbour line", "text": "MUMBAI: A 35-year-old man suffered an electric shock while travelling on the rooftop of a CST-bound local at Kurla on Tuesday. This is the fifth such case on the Harbour line since May. Three of the cases have resulted in fatalities. In Tuesday's case, victim Rafiq Mohammad Shaikh sustained 50% burns and was admitted to Sion hospital. GRP officials said Shaikh was fortunate to have survived.\"Shaikh was travelling on the rooftop of a CST-bound local around 10am. When the train reached platform no. 8 of Kurla station, he came in contact with an overhead wire and sustained a high-voltage shock at Kurla station. The station master informed us and our personnel rushed Shaikh to Sion hospital,\" a GRP official said. Shaikh, who mostly has leg injuries, is conscious and his statement will be recorded soon.He has mostly sustained injuries to his leg.The RPF on Tuesday arrested 68 people for rooftop travel and stunts on the Central line as part of its ongoing campaign against dangerous travel. tnnOn Monday, 73 offenders had been booked.\"We have also flagged off an awareness campaign against rooftop travel on the harbour line,\" said Alok Bohra, senior divisional security commissioner, RPF (CR). \"1404 cases of rooftop travel and stunts were recorded between January to May in 2011. The figure has soared to 1904 cases in the corresponding period this year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13858739", "title": "Nirupama murder case: Journalist surrenders in court", "text": "RANCHI: Delhi-based journalist Priyabhansu Ranjan, accused of abetting suicide of his girlfriend Nirupama Pathak in April 2010, surrendered before the subdivisional magistrate at Koderma on Tuesday.Rejecting his bail petition, subdivisional judicial magistrate Rakesh Singh remanded Ranjan in judicial custody for 14 days. Earlier, Ranjan's bail plea was rejected by the Jharkhand high court. He approached the high court soon after the chief judicial magistrate of Koderma had issued arrest warrants against him in connection with the suicide of Nirupama, also a journalist. Koderma SP Sambhu Thakur said the warrant was issued by the Koderma court on a petition filed by police requesting for issuing warrant against Ranjan under section 306 of IPC (for abetting suicide). Initially, a case of murder was filed against Nirupama's mother, Sudha Pathak, and she was arrested. She got the bail after remaining three months in judicial custody in 2010. After Nirupama's body was found at her native place at Chitra Gupta Nagar Colony at Jhumri Telaiya in Koderma on April 29, 2010, Ranjan accused the family of killing their daughter after allegedly opposing their marriage. Police, however, had said in its investigation that a forensic laboratory in Kolkata found that the suicide note was signed by Nirupama and ruled out the murder.\"I will ask the investigating officer to bring the records of the case and if required we will even take him on police remand for interrogation,\" said Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13857990", "title": "Laxminarayan Institute of Technology to become \u2018school of engineering\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Last September, the British-era clock at the top of Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT) tower located on the hillock had started ticking again after a gap of nearly three years, perhaps giving indication that the once-prestigious institution is trying to regain its lost glory. After various controversies, bitter infighting and dirty politics in Nagpur University had led to severe deterioration of LIT and brought it to the brink of derecognition from the AICTE last year, the winds of change are indeed visible under new director Mahesh Yenkie.Under his chairmanship, NU had dispatched a proposal to University Grants Commission (UGC) for converting the once-prestigious institution into 'School of Engineering'. After getting green signal, it would shed its tag of institution for chemical engineering and technology and would have new branches like mechanical, biochemical, and energy (conventional and non-conventional) among others.\"The proposal was sent under 12th Five Year plan and we're optimistic about getting grants for the same,\" Yenkie, also looking after the charge of NU registrar, told TOI in an exclusive chat.Deliberating further, he added that the Delhi-based apex education body would take a decision in its high power committee meeting. \"If UGC wants they will dispatch their teams for inspecting ground realities before granting the approval. Even we would be invited to Delhi to justify our demand and we will try our best. After getting green signal from them, we need to seek permission of the state government and AICTE,\" he said.Justifying the decision, the registrar stated that the only Government College of Engineering (GCoE) under NU in Chandrapur had gone to newly formed Gondwana University which was a setback for the poor students. \"Like GCoE, even LIT has low and affordable fee structure unlike private institutions, which benefit bright students hailing from lower strata of society.\"He added that NU badly needs a GCoE and LIT is a perfect option considering its rich past, good infrastructure and quality of teachers. \"Initially we have demanded 60 seats for each of new branches and will increase it further depending on the response. We are in process of improving our existing infrastructure and offer world class facilities to the students,\" Yenkie said.Ironically, ever since the clock stopped working, thanks to lethargy of respective NU administration, the degradation of institution began. LIT, set up as per the wishes of Late Rao Bahadur D Laxminarayan in 1930, was on the brink of derecognition from the AICTE for its failure to renew the permission. Fortunately, it escaped by paying a fine of Rs 2 lakh from the general funds comprising students' fees. Citing confidential documents, TOI on March 6 last year had first exposed as to how LIT's 2010-11 batch was not approved by the apex body for engineering on account of various loopholes including poor maintenance and failure to fill up large scale vacancies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858581", "title": "Rs 11.42 crore and counting\u2026. Is what Bangalore paid in bribes", "text": "BANGALORE: Citizens across 483 cities paid a whopping Rs 44.77 crore in bribes, to get their land documents, electricity connections, a seat in a preferred college or register their dream home. And all this in just 21 months.Ipaidabribe, the only forum for citizens to air their grievances when they grease palms, clocked 1 million hits as on May 31, 2012. Needless to say, it is the registration department which is the most corrupt, going by the 19,863 reports filed by citizens from across 483 Indian cities. Be it getting a vehicle registered or jumping a signal, getting a marriage certificate or registering a property, nothing seems to work without under-the-table payment.Citizens had the highest number of complaints against the registration department, where officials make a killing through bribes. In Bangalore, the department made Rs 6.29 crore, followed by the BBMP (Rs 1.69 crore) where people complained of having to grease palms to get their khatas or land documents. Although the corporation is cash-strapped, officials of BBMP and departments do cream off crores through bribes.These figures, while being representative of the malaise affecting society, is just the tip of the iceberg. A vast majority of bribe payers would not have registered their grievances online.In the data analyzed by the Jana Online team - an initiative of Janaagraha which handles the site -- a shocking Rs 11.42crore in bribes is lapped up by officials in 24 government departments in Bangalore. Interestingly, people claim to have even bribed gods, but the \"offerings\" are a mere Rs 4,200!The education department also made a cool Rs 42.73 lakh in giving seats and certificates. The passport office is yet another place where many people are harassed to get police verification done or over the renewal of visas. As many as 43 stories have been reported on the web page with grievances of having had to pay bribes, with the department mopping up Rs 61,500.Not very surprising, but the police department ranks only fourth as the highest bribe taking department in Bangalore, making Rs 26.65 lakh, but has recorded 1,422 complaints, the highest number reports on IPaB.Depts and black wealth (in Rs, till May 31, 2012)Registration: 6,29,23,320 Municipal services (BBMP): 1,69,17,858 Urban development authority (BDA): 1,19,67,910 Police: 26,65,332 Excise: 58,55,350 Education: 42,73,500 Motor Vehicles: 31,79,374 Commercial tax/Sales tax/VAT: 10,49,850Corrupt cities allCities with the highest number of complaints from citizens Bangalore - 4,205 Hyderabad - 1,204 Mumbai - 1,068 Chennai - 944 New Delhi - 665 Kolkata - 220 Ahmedabad - 168Bangalore paid: Rs 11,42,33,532 Other 482 cities paid: Rs 33,34,86,923", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13857822", "title": "Senior citizen electrocuted", "text": "NAGPUR: A senior citizen got electrocuted while sweeping her compound at Omkar Nagar on Tuesday morning. Kamlabai Suryavanshi, mother of four, was declared dead at Government medical college and hospital.It was learnt that, after preparing snacks for the family, Kamlabai started cleaning the place. While sweeping, she accidentally came in touch with an electric meter wire.An electrocuted Kamlabai collapsed on the ground after she came in contact with the wire. Some of the onlookers, who rushed to her rescue, had to use wooden planks to detach her from the wire before being rushed to the hospital.Kamlabai's husband Mahadev, a former NMC employee, had died a few years ago. Their eldest son Mangesh was inducted in the service on the grounds of compassion. It was learnt that there had been five deaths in the span of one-and-half years in the Suryavanshi family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13858857", "title": "Supply officer held by vigilance on graft charge", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A supply officer of the district rationing department was arrested by the vigilance sleuths on Tuesday for receiving bribe, a week after the arrest of a school clerk for getting money from students for issuing school leaving certificates.In an early morning raid, the vigilance sleuths caught Sivendu Mohan, a supply officer posted in the Potka block of the district, from his Mango apartment for receiving Rs 15,000 from a tribal woman.On the complaint of Sunita Sardar, the vigilance sleuths who had come here from Ranchi, trapped Mohan and caught him receiving the money from Sunita at his Ashiana Garden apartment.The supply officer is accused of demanding Rs 40,000 from the tribal woman for allotting her a PDS unit in the Potka block. Vigilance police superintendent Dadanji Sharma said vigilance cops laid a trap on the officer on the complaint of Sunita, the resident of Tetla village in Potka block. Sunita, the member of the Marang Buru Mahil Samity, had applied for the PDS ration unit early this year.\"She (Sunita) had paid Rs 9,000 (to Mohan) in the past,\" said Adivasi Moolvasi Vikas Parishad member Nirup Hansda. The vigilance sleuths took away the accused officer to Ranchi for further action.\"Complaint against the supply officer was there even in the past but authorities in the department never paid heed to it,\" said a lower rung official in the district rationing office. The 12-member vigilance team was led by deputy police superintendent Dhaneswar Ram. Magistrate Amit Kumar and inspector Sambhu Gope among others were in the team.On May 29, the clerk of Rajyakrit Michael John Balika Ucha Vidyalya in Golmuri was arrested by the vigilance sleuths for receiving a bribe of Rs 200 from a student for issuing school documents to the students who passed out from the institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858465", "title": "Government seeks Special Task Force to reclaim forest", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government which was once described as the No.1 enemy of forests by the high court during a hearing, on Tuesday put up a \"green plea\" before a division bench headed by the Chief Justice.It has sought for setting up of a special task force for reclaiming the 68,000 hectares of reserved forest which is still under occupation/encroachment.\"Today is World Environment Day. We had 1.1 lakh hectares of forest land under encroachment.\"Of this, 42,000 hectares have been reclaimed by evicting 40,000-od families. But to reclaim the remaining 68,000 hectares is a mammoth task. Many of these lands fall under the Western Ghats area in five districts -Shimoga, Chikmagalur, Uttara Kannada, Dakshina Kannada and Kodagu. The occupants also need to be heard before being evicted. We need a special force-type mechanism for this task,'' Ravindra G Kolle, government advocate, requested the high court bench.The court, which was hearing a PIL related to encroachment of forest land in Shimoga district, observed that forming a committee may sometimes delay the process itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13858987", "title": "Hamza Bin Omer aka Zaffar Pahelwan granted bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: The metropolitan sessions judge at Nampally granted bail to Hamza Bin Omer aka Zaffar Pahelwan and his kin Moosa Bin Abdullah in the sensational murder case of a rowdy-sheeter on Tuesday. The judge directed the accused to furnish two sureties of Rs 10,000 each and also to sign the attendance register at Kanchanbagh police station on alternate days. The Kanchanbagh police are yet to file the charge sheet in the case as the FSL reports in relation to the weapons used are awaited.On March 19, history-sheeter Ahmed Ali Khan aka Ilyas, was hacked to death while working out at Gods Power Gym in Santoshnagar area under Kanchanbagh police station limits. The police arrested the accused number one Zaffar Pahelwan on the charges that he masterminded the execution with the help of his family members and followers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858695", "title": "Raids on registrar yield a goldmine", "text": "BANGALORE: Close on the heels of an online initiative identifying the stamps and registration department as a den of corruption, the Lokayukta raided the residence of the district registrar, Jayanagar, and confiscated from him documents pertaining to 20 properties worth Rs 1.2 crore and Rs 1.44 crore in cash.Estimating that the market worth of the properties could be 10 times the cited value, Lokayukta sleuths said Tuesday's haul could be the tip of an iceberg. They suspect the officer, K Borappa, has properties in the US too.Simultaneous raids were conducted on the officer's residence in Davanagere.The swoop was the culmination of an anti-corruption trail that began in Davanagere district when police arrested three persons from Hadadi village with Rs 1.31 crore cash on them.The trio, Baligara Chandrappa, R Malareddy and Srihari, spilled the beans that the money actually belonged to Borappa, a resident of Jayanagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13860059", "title": "Trio dupe three jewellers of Rs 2.09 crore", "text": "PUNE: A gang of three, including a woman, allegedly duped three jewellers to the tune of Rs 2.09 crore on the pretext of purchasing gold from them. The trio decamped with 6.7 kg gold after handing over iron bars of the same weight to the jewellers.The incident took place at Vishalnagar in Sangvi on Tuesday afternoon. The police suspect that the gang may have duped more jewellers. So far three jewellers have come forward and lodged their complaints, said senior police inspector of the Sangvi police station Shantaram Tayade. \"We have booked one Viral Shah and his two accomplices in this regard.\"Tayade said that the suspects have stolen 3,600 gm gold from Bafana Jewellers in Chinchwad, 2,100 gm gold from Orra Intergold Gems Pvt limited in Bund Garden and 1,000 gm gold from Goodwill Jewellers in Pimpri - together worth Rs 2.09 crore.He told TOI that Shah and his accomplices had taken a row house in Gokul Dham at Vishalnagar in March and were running a company called Future Vision Investments from there. In May, Shah contacted jewellers in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. He zeroed in on the same three jewellers and purchased gold bars worth Rs 10 lakh from them. He paid them by calling them to his 'office' right away, thus winning their trust.Last week, Shah contacted these three jewellers and said he wanted gold in a large quantity. \"He told them to come with the gold to his 'office' at the row house on Tuesday afternoon,\" Tayade said.\"On Tuesday afternoon, after the three jewellers reached the row house, Shah told them to put the gold in three separate boxes. He said he wanted to scan the gold and check the purity. After scanning, he returned the sealed boxes to the jewellers. He went out of the row house, locked it from outside and fled,\" Tayade said.After waiting for a while, the jewellers became suspicious. One of them broke open the box and found iron bars inside. Tayade said the suspects had put the box in a 'scanner' which was a conveyor belt that sent the boxes to another room. \"They allegedly changed the box of gold bars in that room and sent back similar looking sealed boxes with iron bars weighing exactly the same,\" he said. HEAD: He had bought a good amount of gold from me: JewellerM N Murali of Goodwill Jewellers in Pimpri told TOI that the suspect Viral Shah had come to his shop on May 15. \"He had purchased a good amount of gold from my shop and had asked me to collect the money from his 'office' in Vishalnagar,\" he said.Murali said Shah had set up a cash room on the first floor. \"There was a woman there who gave the money. At that time too, Shah had used the same 'scanner' saying that he was checking the purity of the gold.\"Last week, Shah called up Murali and ordered for 1,000 gm gold. He told him to come to the office on Tuesday. \"When I reached Vishalnagar, there were eight to 10 people there. He told the three jewellers, including me, to keep the gold in black boxes and get it scanned to check the purity of gold. He sealed all the boxes and numbered them.\"Murali said Shah told each of them to get their boxes scanned through the machine. \"My manager, P C Verghese, went to the scanner and took the box of gold when it came out of the machine. He had checked it. The seal was intact and the weight was the same.\"He said Shah then told all of them to wait since the person coming with the money had reached Aundh and would take some more time. \"Shah and his accomplice were continuously moving in and out of the house. After doing this for 10 minutes, both of them vanished. However, our manager had seen the woman going to the first floor,\" Murali said.After waiting for a few minutes, every one became suspicious. \"When we tried to open the door, we found it locked from outside. We went to the first floor and saw that there was another flight of stairs in the 'cash room' leading directly outside the house. The woman probably escaped from there,\" Murali said.One of the jewellers then broke open the box and found iron rods inside. \"We managed to come out of the row house and tried looking for the suspects, but couldn't find them. We then approached the police and lodged a complaint,\" Murali added.Armed guard given the slipOne of the jewellers had brought an armed security guard with him to the row house in Vishalnagar. The guard was waiting outside while the jewellers were inside the row house. \"Shah told him to go inside. He said he did not want anyone to find out that there was so much gold inside the house,\" said senior police inspector Shantaram Tayade of the Sangvi police station. \"The unsuspecting guard went outside, only to be locked up with the rest of the jewellers. This is how the trio gave the guard a slip and made away with the booty,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858608", "title": "Beautician hangs herself in parlour", "text": "BANGALORE: A 32-year-old be-autician hanged herself from the ceiling of her beauty parlour in Ho-ngasandra near Madiwala on Tuesday afternoon. With the deceased, Suma Lingaraju, leaving behind no suicide note, the motive that drove the mother of two to suicide is unclear.Police officers said a neighbour saw the body hanging in the beauty parlour and informed the cops. Suma was married to Lingaraju, a driver by profession, for 11 years. Suma was running her Keerthana beauty parlour in the ground floor of her Hongasandra residence. On Tuesday morning, Lingaraju left for work and Suma was at work. Around 3pm, a neighbour noticed through the window that something was hanging from the ceiling inside the parlour. On close inspection, the neighbour realized that it was Suma and she was apparently dead.During questioning, Lingaraju told police that there were no reasons for Suma to commit suicide. There were no problems in the marriage, he maintained. The body has been transferred to Bowring Hospital, where the postmortem will be conducted on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13858885", "title": "Bypolls: Parties vying to woo self-help groups members", "text": "HYDERABAD: YSR Congress leader and actor Roja chats animatedly with a group of women at a byelection meeting in Tirupati. Roja talks about how Jagananna would bring light into their lives once the YSR CP comes to power and Jagan becomes CM. The women clap cheerfully and nod in approval as Roja urges them to vote for the YSR CP. This scene is repeated everywhere as the 'firebrand' spokesperson of the party goes on seeking votes of various women members of self-help groups (SHGs).Not only the YSR CP, even the Congress and TDP are sparing no efforts to woo the SHG women, who constitute nearly 50,000 of the total 2.33 lakh electorate in Tirupati assembly constituency.Taking the lead is local Congress MP Chinta Mohan who is instrumental in formation of several SHGs. There are about 2,400 SHGs in the urban area and another 1,390 SHGs in the rural areas of the constituency. At a rate of 12-15 members from each group, these women form a large chunk of nearly 50,000 voters.Analysts said these votes could prove crucial in the June 12 bypolls. Little wonder, former revenue officer Mohan Reddy is actively involved in seeking the support of SHG women for YSR CP candidate Bhumana Karunakar Reddy.TDP is also wasting no time. Realizing that the votes of SHG women could be the deciding factor in the event of a tight race, the party leadership roped in former municipal commissioner Karuna Chandrababu to garner the support of the SHGs.\"There is no doubt about the clout they wield on the voters. So, there's no harm in wooing these SHG women who can tilt the scales in ensuring our candidate's victory,\" Chinta Mohan said. Insiders said the Congress is even trying to gather information on the voting pattern of the SHGs. The women take up door-to-door survey and take all the details of the family, including their 'preferred' candidate.\"The SHG women are sincere. We are trying to elicit information on the voting pattern of the electorate,\" a senior Congress leader not wanting to be named said.Sources said the information gathered by the SHG women would be submitted to the booth in-charges who then would approach the voters and lure them with sops and other gifts. Sources said each woman is paid Rs 1,000. \"They are also given perks if they can extract a promise out of a voter to vote for a particular party,\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "13861016", "title": "Areca harvesting is in trouble in Malnad", "text": "SHIMOGA: It is a daring and difficult thing to do: shinning up tall, lean, swaying areca palms to harvest arecanuts, and only specialized labourers called 'koneraya' can do it expertly.In the harvest season, it is common to see these koneraya leaping from palm to palm, and are a much sought-after force. It involves working on top of trees for four to five hours at a stretch. The koneraya have learnt this art from their ancestors, where one slip could mean sure death.Harvesting is almost an art: it involves a sharp sickle, long rope, a long bamboo hook and nimble feet, but not many young men are opting for this as a profession.As with palms, the nuts form in clusters on top, close to the leaves. The procedure involves a lot of risk: a koneraya climbs a tree and after cutting the arecanut bunch, ties it to the rope hooked to his waist, and lets it down. After it is picked up, he bends an adjacent tree, with the help of the hook, leaps across to the next tree with a great deal of skill. An expert koneraya can cut bunches of nuts on 300-350 trees per day.Due to the hilly and uneven terrain of areca gardens all over Malnad, there is no alterative to this method of harvesting. Growers are forced to depend on these men, but the konerayas are a vanishing breed, and this is worrying them.Five years ago, these skilled men charged 50 paise to Re 1 per tree, but are now demanding Rs 3-4 per plant. Ganesha, an expert koneraya, said they get work only two to three months a year and it is difficult to run the household during the remaining months, which is why no one is taking up this profession.Grower K Venkatagiri of Sagar said that despite huge costs, it has become very difficult to find experts. He said a few youths who ventured to harvest areca in Shimoga, Chikmagalur and Uttara Kannada, have lost their lives. According to officials, in the past one year, more than 16 people have fallen off the palms and died while trying to imitate the koneraya.Horticulture experts say the koneraya are integral to the areca harvest, and youths must be trained in this skill, or growers will have to innovate or find an alternative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "gadag", "code": "13860851", "title": "Businessman's murder: Five arrested", "text": "GADAG: Gadag town police have arrested five persons in connection with the murder of a real estate businessman and recovered Rs 3.8 lakh, gold jewellery and two machetes from them.Gadag town inspector R B Bentur said Anand Belagadi, Guruprasad Hiremath of Gadag town, and Chinnareddy, Gavisiddappa and Prasad of Bellary were involved in the murder of Ladsab Bagalkot on May 17.Apart from cash, two machetes, a gold chain and a gold ring were recovered from the accused.According to police sources, Anand Belagadi, who is also in the real estate business, had differences of opinion with Ladsab.Anand gave Rs 9 lakh through Guruprasad to some supari killers in Bellary to kill Ladsab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13863205", "title": "Hero Ram hates smoking", "text": "Tollywood has a long history of portraying heroes with cigarettes or hand-rolled bidis dangling from their lips - they call it a style statement. However, the current bunch of heroes seem to be going against this trend and Ram stands first amongst them. The energetic actor once again expressed his animosity towards smoking, although he had to shoot for 'smoking scenes' in his filmsRecently, Ram had to shoot for a smoking scene for his upcoming film \"Ongole Gitta\", directed by 'Bommarillu' Bhaskar. In fact, the film has a few scenes that show the hero smoking, and he had no choice but to shoot for the scene as the character demanded. Sharing his grief on Twitter, the actor posted, \"Had 2 Smoke for a shot today..after 5YEARS! The last time was also for a film..character demands! HATE Smoking! Say NO 2 Smoking!\"(sic).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13858322", "title": "Carnival for new casino owners", "text": "PANAJI: An off-shore casino in river Mandovi has been silently taken over and the details are being kept tightly under wraps.Officials from VM Salgaocar &amp; Bro and the casino management declined to confirm or comment on the sale of the casino or the identity of the new owners. Some even refused to acknowledge the sale, while others said the process was still on and it would be a matter of months before all licences would be transferred to the new owners. The company officially declined to comment.Sources told TOI that the deal has been cast in stone and Casino Carnival has been taken over by a consortium of individuals from New Delhi for a sum ranging between 125 crore and 140 crore. Company officials refused to confirm or deny the figure.\"A major stake of the business has been sold to this consortium. VM Salgaocar &amp; Bro continues to retain a very minor share. The letter of intent has been signed between the two parties and the escrow accounts are being worked out. The name 'Casino Carnival' will remain as it has been built up as a brand,\" a source said.\"It has not been easy to sustain the off-shore casino business, but the decision to hive off a major share was because the offer was too lucrative,\" the source added. The new owners recently celebrated the takeover aboard the MV Boa Sorte which houses the floating casino with an overwhelming majority of the guests flying in from Delhi.Sources said the casino has also seen a sudden change of fortune since the takeover. \"Over the last 10 days, the gambling areas have been packed,\" sources said.A source said there will be no retrenching of existing staff by the new management and claimed that Casino Carnival hired a larger number of Goans as compared to other casinos in river Mandovi. Casino Carnival was brought into the gaming scene by VM Salgaocar &amp; Bro in September 2009. Recently, the Goa government had hiked the annual licence fee for off-shore casinos from 5 crore to 6.5 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13858686", "title": "Techies take up poll cause in Bangalore", "text": "When thousands of Bangaloreans are yet to wake up to the graduate constituency poll on June 10, here is a group of techies campaigning to build awareness on the election among the public.In the 25-45 age group, these techies work for US-based, multinational companies. With technology and flexible working hours at their disposal, most of them are registering the graduates as voters, and campaigning for the candidates. Gokul Jung, a techie working on Bannerghatta Road, has developed a software through which the 1,16,000 voters can locate their polling booths and also navigate on a map to reach it. This should have been ideally done by the chief election officer.What drives themIt's just passion to bring in change that's the driving force for these techies. \"It's time we plunge into politics and elect a candidate who can change this city. Besides, some of us also suffer a sense of guilt that we work in air-conditioned environs and are somewhat detached from the world outside.So I plunged into campaigning. Because I work for a US-based company, I have flexible working hours. I end up working late night and even early morning, but doing my bit for society is what drives me,\" says Tara Krishnaswamy, a techie from Ulsoor.In fact, the list of newly added voters has already been shared by this group with NRI techies in the US, who ring up voters in Bangalore and remind them with, \"Your vote is precious, exercise your franchise between 8am and 4pm on June 10!\"A day in their lifeSrinivas Alavalli, 38, has been campaigning for the election over the past three months. Along with attending to official conference calls, he manages to attend conference calls with US volunteers on how to go about poll-related work. \"I'm up at 7am, I check my mail and respond to my colleagues in the US as per requirement. I drop my kids to school and reach office before 10am.My work is such that it doesn't matter whether I am at home, office, US or Mysore, as long as I can connect to office via bandwidth and con calls. We techies work on things remotely, and in between, I keep in touch with other volunteers. Around 6pm, we head back to election work. It can be meeting a new group of residents in some apartment or meeting team members,\" says Alavalli.The team members also attend conference calls for poll related discussions and use the con call service provided by www.sabsebolo. com. \"At a time, 10 persons from different locations can converse with this service and we make use of it widely. We use social media as well to campaign for our candidate. I reach home by 10pm and attend to work-related calls, and retire only after midnight,\" says Alavalli.But yes, these techies manage their family life too. \"My six-yearold daughter is also excited about the polls too and is waiting for the election,\" says Alavalli, who manages work pressure, passion as well as parental responsibilities in synchrony.Civic conscious: The group campaigns to create voter awareness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13858314", "title": "Governor summons CM on police inaction", "text": "PATNA: In what is probably an unprecedented move, Bihar governor Devanand Konwar has summoned chief minister Nitish Kumar to the Raj Bhavan on Wednesday evening to discuss the failure of police to check the vandalism and violence resorted to by a section of the mourners accompanying the funeral procession of Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji, in the city on Saturday.The CM, who returned to Patna on Tuesday evening after his 'seva yatra' in Bhagalpur and Kishanganj, has convened a meeting of the state's top officials to discuss the matter on Wednesday morning. Chief secretary Navin Kumar, DGP Abhayanand and home secretary Amir Subhani will attend the meeting, a senior official told TOI.Sources said the governor was not satisfied with the government report on the ugly incidents in the city on Saturday after the killing of Mukhiyaji at Ara on Friday. He is learnt to have told aides the report was contrary to what the print and electronic media reported with visuals.The report was sent to the Raj Bhavan on Monday evening from the office of the chief secretary after the governor asked for it. It incorporated the reports submitted to the state government by the DGP and the district administrations of Patna and Bhojpur.The governor's latest move has created a flutter in the political and administrative circles. Politicians and bureaucrats could not recall when a governor last took such a step in the state. The successive governors did not summon the CMs even during the 1990s when there had been a series of carnages.Konwar, who continues to be at loggerheads with the state government over various issues mainly related to higher education, was supposed to send his report on the Saturday's violence to the Centre. But, the sources said, he was likely to prepare a report of his own on the basis of inputs from sources other than the state officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859043", "title": "Man imprisoned in cheque bounce case", "text": "HYDERABAD: A local court at Nampally on Tuesday awarded an year's imprisonment to a person convicted in a cheque bounce case.The court also asked Sripad Deshpande, who had issued a cheque of Rs 20 lakh to Azam Hussain, to pay a fine of Rs 10,000 under section 138 of the Negotiable Instruments Act. Deshpande had issued the cheque to Hussain in April 2009 towards purchase of a property. On the issuance of the cheque, Azam executed a document in favour of Deshpande but the bank returned the cheque saying there were insufficient funds in the latter's account.A case filed under Negotiable Instruments Act before the 20th Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate formed the basis for Deshpande's conviction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859138", "title": "Andhra Pradesh schools' snub sends National Council of Educational Research and Training into losses", "text": "HYDERABAD: The National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) is running into losses as very few schools in the state are prescribing the textbooks published by it.Although NCERT textbooks are followed across the country, in Andhra Pradesh, its textbooks are on the verge of being cast out completely. In an internal survey done by the council, it was found that just about 7% of the 350 CBSE schools following the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) syllabus were using NCERT textbooks. Given the lack of demand even as another academic year begins this month, a small consignment of two lakh NCERT textbooks have reached the state.In AP, most schools use textbooks printed by private publishers which has seen NCERT suffering accumulated losses of Rs 20 crore over the past five years.NCERT's subscription is currently limited to the Kendriya Vidyalayas which have 53 schools in the state. Only the NCERT language texts for Hindi and Sanskrit are in use in most schools in AP, officials said. If the current trend of excluding NCERT textbooks from school syllabuses continues, the council will suffer losses of about Rs 15 core in the next couple of years. \"When compared with previous years, textbook production has increased but appreciation has gone down for NCERT textbooks. This is expected to increase the Councils' losses in Andhra Pradesh. Such a situation does not exist in states like Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Maharastra where even the state government prescribes NCERT textbooks,\" said an NCERT board member.In AP, state board texts are printed by Telugu Academy and the Andhra Pradesh Printing Press.School managements in the city said that CBSE does not make it mandatory for schools to prescribe NCERT textbooks. The Central board puts up the syllabus on its website and schools are at liberty to choose their own textbooks. NCERT officials say that by prescribing textbooks by other publishers the schools have in fact denied students of certain educational material available only in NCERT texts.\"Every year we revise the syllabus and make new additions to the content by way of appendices. Most of this content is not available in textbooks produced by other publishers,\" said an official.Kendriya Vidyalayas, which still stick to NCERT textbooks, said that they will continue to prescribe to these textbooks. \"Most national-level examinations are based on the NCERT syllabus. We will stick to them,\" said SM Salim, deputy director of KV Sanghatan in Secunderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13859018", "title": "'Veiled' queries irk women job aspirants", "text": "HYDERABAD: The job fair organized by Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) in the Old City on Tuesday ended up rubbing women candidates the wrong way as disgruntled aspirants claimed that many representatives of the nearly 35 participating companies had one common question for them - whether they would be willing to work minus the burqa. Some employers even went to the extent of doubting their capacity to work because they were burqa-clad, they alleged.The fair held at Owaisi School in Riyasatnagar on Tuesday got an overwhelming response from job aspirants with at least 10% of them being women who explored career options in sales and marketing, accounts and BPO jobs. Most of the women were Muslims and had turned out wearing burqa.\"We have come here to submit our testimonials. In a huge public gathering like this, how do the representatives of these firms expect us to come without a burqa,\" questioned a 24-year-old B Com graduate who had come from Yakutpura. She added that the company representatives made it a point to ask her and several other girls whether they were willing to work without the veil.Women said that they found the attitude of the companies unacceptable and felt discouraged. \"It is discrimination against women wearing traditional religious dress. We should be allowed to wear whatever we prefer,\" asserted a 23-year-old primary school teacher and a resident of Hafizbaba Nagar. \"I was a school teacher and had no reservations removing the burqa once at school. Keeping the environment in view, I would want to decide whether I should remove the burqa or not,\" she added. She felt that women who do not wear a burqa would be eventually recruited by the firms.However, these women who have prior interview experience explained that these days almost all the companies have some dress code and employers do not hesitate to ask intrusive questions. Eldest among the four daughters of a daily wage earner, a 21-year-old resident of Lalaguda contended that she is willing to part with the burqa when at work but ensure that she wears a hijab (headscarf). \"I have to work because of my family's financial status, but following the unwarranted diktat of the employers would mean I am renouncing my values,\" she said.A company representative at the fair requesting anonymity told TOI that some companies have a strict dress code. \"Muslim girls work with us but they have to remove the burqa once they reach the workplace and follow the dress code. We can't make exceptions,\" he said.Ayesha Rubina, cooption member for GHMC who was coordinating the event, said that such queries crop up when women want to opt for a certain kind of job. \"They should choose the right firm. If they choose a sales or a marketing job, they will definitely be asked such questions. There were a few hospitals where they could have sought employment,\" she said.A total of 6,200 candidates registered with the firms, of which 1,200 jobs have been confirmed and more are likely to be confirmed in a couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13859021", "title": "School goes paper-free on World Environment Day", "text": "INDORE: Students of Choithram International School can now take the liberty of going to school without bothering to carry backpacks overloaded with books, pens and notebooks. As a part of the green initiative, the school has decided to do away with pen and paper. Instead, they have developed an application with the help of which, students can now flip through the pages of their course books on I-Pad screen.Dilip Vasu, principal, Choithram International School says, \" We chose the occasion of environment day to get rid of the use of books as excessive use of papers poses a threat to the environment. We have already asked the parents to buy I-Pad for their wards and an application has been created for the same.\"\"Studying on I-Pad will also be a cheaper affair than buying books. While books cost students anything beyond Rs 30,000, these days I-Pad are easily available in market in the range of Rs 25-30,000,' he added.In a bid to protect environment, various colleges and schools indulged in activities spreading message to protect environment on the occasion of World Environment Day on Wednesday. While some colleges participated in rally to sensitize people on the environment issues, students of other colleges took pledge to make earth a better place to live in.Even exams could not deter students from participating in rally.RK Tugnawat, principal, Holkar College said, \"Though some of the students had their examination scheduled on Tuesday, a number of students participated in the rally held to mark the occasion. We will also be organising a plantation drive once the monsoon begins.\"A seminar was conducted at Prestige Institute of Management and Research to address the environmental concerns. Yogeshwari Phatak, director of the institute, said, \"A plantation drive was organised on the college campus. Faculty members, on the occasion, pledged to plant five trees annually and take care of them as well. We are soon going to form an environment club for the students.\"Ashish Saxena, principal, Agarwal Public School said \"Right now, vacations are on. We will be organising programmes as the session resumes.\"As a part of the World Environment Day, CII-Yi (Young Indian) Indore chapter planted trees at Indore, Pithampur and Dewas. The objective was to create awareness among the mass about the importance of the plants in our lives. The Yi members lanted more than 100 trees in Indore near Bombay Hospital and at Caparo Engineering Ltd with the help of their employees at Dewas &amp; Pithampur Plants. The activity was supported by Ambrish Kela, Yi member &amp; owner, Scientech Eco Foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13861851", "title": "Anees Bazmee loses out to Abhishek Bachchan", "text": "He was the king of slapstick comedy. With films like No Entry, Welcome and Singh Is Kinng to his name, Anees Bazmee was the undisputed ruler of the box office when it came to humour.However, after two failed ventures ( Thank You and Ready ) and a wrong decision (one that seemed right at the moment) the director seems to have hit a rough patch. We learnt that the sequel to Hera Pheri that was supposed to be directed by Bazmee has changed hands. Neeraj Vora, who directed Hera Pheri 3 ( titled De Dana Dan ), will take over the latest project of the successful franchise.Confirming the news, Bazmee told Mirror, \"I am not directing Hera Pheri 4 .\" When we asked him the reason, he simply told us, \"The star cast has changed. Akshay and all are not there.\"However, initially Bazmee was rather excited about directing Hera Pheri 4 and had even completed the script. The film had been announced with Abhishek Bachchan and Riteish Deshmukh in the lead roles replacing Akshay Kumar and Suniel Shetty. Nana Patekar was supposed to take over from Paresh Rawal.But later after Players released and tanked, Bazmee was no longer confident about directing his film with Abhishek's bankability and the film was put in the freezer. \"But now, the intitial response to Junior B in Rohit Shetty's Bol Bachchan has been favourable. So Bazmee was keen to revive the project,\" revealed a source close to the project.However, Abhishek no longer wants to be directed by Bazmee. \"Abhishek told the producer Firoze Nadiadwala that he doesn't want to work with Anees. Firoze called up Neeraj and asked him to direct the project. But Bazmee has written the script so he may be given the credit for it,\" said the source.According to the source, Bazmee is rather close to the producer and may get to direct the sequel to Welcome , titled Welcome Back.When contacted, producer Firoze Nadiadwala decided to be elusive and said, \"Nothing is finalised. By the end of June we will have complete clarity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13857823", "title": "Smashing results: Mumbai University TYBCom pass score up to 81.5%", "text": "MUMBAI: Commerce graduates passing from the portals of the Mumbai University have never had it better. Beyond the fact that results are out in good time, most students' score cards are shining with astonishing grades. Success rate of this year's TYBCom result stands at 81.5% - over 18% more than the immediate previous year.Academicians credited the brilliant rise in performance to several factors: New question paper pattern, change in the marking system and the manner in which the evaluation took place. Not only did the overall success rate climb up, even the number of students who bagged first class rose by over 100% this time.While 17,956 students scored a first class last year, 39,628 candidates crossed 60% this year. The expansion of the first class club has seen a subsequent drop in the number of students who scored a second class and students who were given a pass class (See 'Flying Colours').\"The rise in performance can be attributed to the new marking pattern that the university has adopted,\" said university PRO Vinod Malale. This year, 40% of the assessment took place at individual colleges; the university marked students for the remaining 60%. The university is yet to declare the results of repeaters (who sat for the exam under the 80-20 scheme) and for distance education students.Several principals are rather perturbed by the overall performance of the class of 2012.\"The university, in its lifetime, has never seen such a high result for commerce students,\" said T A Shiware, principal of Hinduja College. \"I had asked the vice chancellor to appoint a committee to moderate the manner in which colleges were carrying out the internal assessment. It is a huge scam as there are several colleges that have given 39 out of 40 to almost all the students. But my request fell on deaf ears,\" he added.Last year, it took the university over 100 days to declare the TYBCom results. This time, it is out within 55 days despite the fact that senior teachers who act as assessors boycotted the centralized assessment scheme.\"When moderators and senior moderators went back to work after the boycott was called off, they noticed several papers that needed to be re-assessed. But there isn't such a procedure of reassessment in the university,\" said a senior teacher.According to the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, results must be declared within 30-45 days of the last exam. In 2010, the results were declared after a three-month delay and in 2009, they were declared after 65 days. In 2008 and 2006, they were announced after 55 days; they were out in 74 days after the 2007 exam concluded.The results, which were to be uploaded on the university's web site at 5pm, were available only after 8.30pm.Students will be able to access online mark sheets from Wednesday while the hard copy will be sent to colleges within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "13858846", "title": "Ponnala ready to face CBI quizzing", "text": "WARANGAL: Ponnala Lakshmaiah is not daunted by the CBI summons in connection with the Jagan assets case. The IT minister is more than willing to face the CBI interrogation at Dilkusha Guest House on June 7. For, he says he has not done any wrong or deviated from the guidelines of water tribunal judgments while allocating water to cement companies, which is under the CBI scanner.The investigating agency is likely to examine Ponnala over the GOs issued during 2004-09 when he was the major irrigation minister in the YSR cabinet supplying water from the Krishna to some cement companies which, in turn, allegedly made investments in Jagan's firms. Ponnala, who was campaigning for the forthcoming bypolls in Parkal, left for Hyderabad on Tuesday saying that he would appear before the CBI at the given hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13858422", "title": "Ponda, Tiswadi suffer water cut", "text": "PONDA: Frequent power breakdown at Opa water works stopped the functioning of five of the nine pumps at the water treatment plant resulting in a cut in water supply to Ponda taluka and parts of Tiswadi taluka on Tuesday afternoon.Admitting that the power supply was interrupted three times on Tuesday, electricity officials said that they solved the problem and power supply was restored to the plant on Tuesday evening. Water supply is expected to be restored by Wednesday, sources said.Executive engineer Division III (33KV), R Ashrit, said, \"The faults were in Kolhapur-Ponda (Goa) 220 KV power line, Ponda-Xeldem 220 KV line and Ponda-Xeldem 110 KV power line. However, the faults were corrected by Tuesday evening and the power supply was resumed.\"Large parts of Ponda taluka along with places like Agacaim, Old Goa, Divar island and parts of Valpoi assembly constituency were affected by the cut in water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13858603", "title": "Restored at 3.5 crore, Reis Magos fort opens", "text": "PANAJI: The recently-restored majestic Reis Magos fort was opened as a cultural centre by chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday. Prominent citizens, bureaucrats and art lovers were among the over 250 people who were present on the occasion.Renovation work on the fort which had begun in 2008 was completed a few months ago at a cost of 3.5 crore. The restoration project was funded by the UK-based Helen Hamlyn Trust.The fort was built by Adil Shah as a smaller fort in 1497 and destroyed by the Portuguese in 1510. It was later rebuilt on a bigger scale in 1543 to keep the Dutch treat to the Portuguese colony of Goa at bay, said Gerard Da Cunha, the architect behind the restoration, in his address.Da Cunha said that the fort was turned into a jail in 1900 and a lot of freedom fighters\u2014three of whom were present on the occasion\u2014were incarcerated in it. After liberation, it lost importance and was left to slip into a dilapidated state.He credited the late Mario Miranda for being behind efforts to restore the fort and thanked Lady Hamlyn for her support.Parrikar, in his address, sought to remind the gathering that he had initiated an early effort to restore the fort in his first stint as chief minister. Parrikar said his late uncle was also jailed in the fort.\"We as a society should remember the past,\" said Parrikar, adding that \"if we don't, that society can't build defence for the future\".Parrikar felt the fort would have to find a way to make itself commercially viable. \"The government is good at building, not maintaining,\" Parrikar acknowledged, adding that the restoration was privately funded.He suggested hosting of \"heritage marriages\" at the fort as one solution. Parrikar also said \"comunidade land (surrounding the fort) would be taken over by the government (to create a precinct area) and make the fort commercially viable for economic activity (to be) carried out without damaging the environment.\"Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar, chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava and Shobita Punja of the Helen Hamlyn Trust also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13860878", "title": "Kalanidhi Maran's mother-in-law loses Rs 10L jewellery kept in a bank locker", "text": "MYSORE: Gold ornaments worth Rs 10 lakh, kept in a bank locker by the mother-in-law of media baron Kalanidhi Maran, has gone missing. Neena Beliappa, a resident of upscale Jayalakshmipuram, here on Tuesday filed a complaint with the city police in this regard. Police are suspecting the involvement of three persons.City police chief K L Sudheer visited the Jalaylakshmipuram branch of Canara Bank , from where the ornaments have gone missing. The top cop also held discussion with police officials.According to police, Neena deposited the ornaments in locker number 34 on March 13. As she wanted them for an occasion, she went to the branch on June 1, and discovered that they were missing. Police said bank officers told her that they would get back to her after locating the jewellery. However, she filed a complaint with Vani Vilas Puram police on Tuesday.When TOI visited the branch, the officials were cagey and didn't share information. Customers, who have deposited their valuables in safety lockers, rushed to the branch and enquired about their valuables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13860128", "title": "Son-in-law shoots at woman, arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been arrested for shooting at his mother-in-law and critically injuring her after she objected to her daughter eloping and marrying him after converting to Islam, police said. The accused, Salim Khan, has been apprehended by the crime branch.\"The incident took place in Khajuri Khas area of North East district in May wherein the victim, Beermati, received bullet injuries. \"She suspected the role of her son-in-law, Salim, behind the incident. A case was consequently registered,\" said Sanjay Jain, DCP Crime.On June 2, a tip-off was received that Salim would come near a movie theatre in Nand Nagri, Jain added.\"A trap was laid and Salim was nabbed. Salim confesed he had eloped with Beermati's daughter, Sunita, and married her after she converted to Islam. Beermati was not happy with this marriage and she did not allow the newly wed to enter her house. There was a property dispute over the share of Sunita as well,\" he added.\"He then arranged for a pistol and tried to kill her,\" Jain added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859882", "title": "Power demand surges as Kolkata cools off with ACs", "text": "KOLKATA: Desperate situations call for desperate measures. Santoshpur resident Ashutosh Saha, a small-time trader, barely earns enough to save Rs 500 a month. From next month, he will have to forgo even that as his power bill shoots up. After Monday's heat scare, he bought an air-conditioner.\"I couldn't risk leaving my wife and our newborn daughter at home in this searing heat,\" said the father of a two-month-old daughter.He is among 40,000-odd consumers in Kolkata who have purchased ACs in the past 30 days. And a big chunk of them are like Saha who had no intention of purchasing an AC but were hurried into the decision by the merciless weather. Such is the demand that shops are unable to commit delivery in a week.The spurt in ACs led to a record power demand on Tuesday with peak demand in the afternoon touching an astounding 1,904 MW. In the past 30 days, power demand has touched new highs, first breaching the 1,700 MW and 1,800 MW. The previous demand peak was 1,863 MW on May 23. On Tuesday, it shot up by 41 MW, all on account of new ACs being installed in the past fortnight.\"Even on Sunday, demand remained high even beyond 11 pm due to use of ACs. Power consumption studies revealed that four residential pockets are driving the demand for electricity: cluster A comprising Baranagar, Sintheer More, Jessore Road, Nagerbazar, DumDum, Agarpara, Lake Town and Bangur Avenue; cluster B comprising Tollygunge, Bansdroni and Ranikuthi; cluster C made of Jadavpur, Ganguly Bagan, Santoshpur, Patuli, Panchayasayar, Bypass Connector and cluster D comprising Sakher Bazar, Parnasree and Sarshuna.Faced with the surging demand, power utilities huffed and puffed but managed to meet supplies. CESC generated 1,241 MW on Tuesday, exceeding its combined generation capacity of 1,225 MW. State utility WBSEDCL supplied 735 MW to CESC and it bought the rest from the grid to meet the demand.The phenomenon isn't restricted to Kolkata. Large areas in the urban sprawl as well as district towns have registered record AC sales and triggered a demand growth of 300 MW since last year.Demand in WBSEDCL area remained static around 4,500 MW, around 250 MW less than the demand in March-end. Combined with the demand in CESC distribution area and that of DPL and Dishergarh, the statewide demand from 1.30 crore consumers touched a whopping 6,750 MW. Of this, AC consumption is pegged over 500 MW.State generation utility WBPDCL has been outperforming itself, generating 2,650 MW. In addition, the Purulia Pump Storage Project supplied 900 MW while the Centre sector contributed 750 MW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13858810", "title": "Activists question ethics of using snakes as stage props", "text": "COIMBATORE: The recent performance of a snake dance in Sivananda Colony by a nomadic troupe where snakes were used as part of the act, has brought to the forefront the legality of such dances, not to mention the ethics of making the reptiles perform.According to the Wildlife Protection Act 1972, using snakes in shows is a non-bailable offence. Both activists and snake experts propagate stringent action against the culprits as such performances are harmful to the snake, sometimes causing death.N Sadiq Ali, who has been involved in the rescue of snakes, said that such snake shows are a recent trend which has become popular in the last five to six years. Most often, the snakes are swirled around several times, endangering their health, he added. A few weeks ago he had come across a similar event in Ooty where the forest department rushed to the spot to nab the culprits. Unfortunately, the performers had escaped. However, officials imposed a fine on the organizer.When Sadiq first became aware of the performance at Sivananda Colony, he immediately lodged a complaint with the forest department. However, no one turned up to rescue the reptiles. Despite several attempts to contact the officials, no one was available for comment.Off the record, a few forest department officials said that the problem was partly caused by training imparted to the public in the rescue of snakes. Dr K Asokan, director of Coimbatore zoo and a veterinarian said that entirely possible that those trained in handling snakes are making a business out of their skills. \"Many people are being trained in catching snakes. They can easily make money by selling them for poison or meat. An ounce of poison fetches thousands of rupees,\" he said. He said that any rescue training must be conducted only under the supervision of the forest department.However, most trainers say that their workshops are conducted only under the supervision of the forest department officials. They said it was the duty of the forest department to take firm action against the guilty to curb such illegal activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13860578", "title": "Autorickshaw drivers want more students per trip", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The auto drivers in the city are planning a phased withdrawal from operating school trips, if the number of children they are allowed to carry is increased to 12.The Kozhikode District Motor Engineering Workers Union (CITU) has submitted a memorandum in this regard to city police authorities.As per the law, autorickshaws can carry only three adults or six children. But the autos here are already ferrying eight students.The new demand is in the wake of rise in prices of essential commodities, petrol and spare parts. The union has the view that with more passengers per trip they can tide over the crisis.\"The number of autos ferrying students are falling day by day. Of the more than 4,000 autos in the city, only around 2,000 are engaged in ferrying students. The others left because they found it non-profitable,\" said T V Noushad, secretary of the Kozhikode District Motor Engineering Workers Union (CITU).Supporting this view, 57-year-old A Venugopalan, Panniyankkara, who has been carrying school students for the past 28 years, said he long back wanted to stop carrying students. But requests from parents made him continue the work. \"The price of spare parts and charge for maintenance have doubled. The annual insurance amount has also increased from Rs 1,700 to Rs 3,142. Increasing the number of passengers allowed per trip is the only solution,\" he said.Autorickshaws in the city charge a minimum of Rs 250 per student for a distance of 2.5km per month. Students coming to schools in the city from Malaparamba and Chevayur have to pay more than Rs 1,000 per month.Meanwhile, the parents have raised concern over the safety of their children. \"We employ the service of auto rickshaws to ensure the safe transport of our children. The district administration along with traffic and transport department should to ensure the safety of the students,\" said C Sheena Anilkumar, a parent.When contacted, assistant commissioner of police, traffic (North) M C Devassia said that stringent action would be taken against erring auto drivers. \"We will penalize those who violate the prescribed norms and found to be ferrying more than the allowed number. Those who are not ready to abide by the norms need not ferry the school children,\" said the ACP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "13860757", "title": "After shoddy murder probe, ex-DSP booked under anti-graft law as well", "text": "PATIALA: Eleven days after the registration of a FIR against a retired DSP for dishonestly conducting investigations into quadruple murder in Nabha, which led to the acquittal of main accused within two years of the crime, a special investigations team (SIT) booked the cop under Prevention of Corruption Act also on Tuesday, after collecting strong evidence to prove financial gains to the cop during investigations.As per details of the case, police had lodged a FIR at Nabha police station on August 12, 2010 against Amritbir under sections 302 (murder), 450 (house-trespass in order to commit offence), 148 (rioting, armed with deadly weapon), 149 (unlawful assembly) of the IPC and 25/49/59 of Arms Act after he allegedly murdered his father Iqbal Singh, mother Jaswinder Kaur, grandfather Hamir Singh and cousin Gurmanbir Kaur. But shockingly, instead of punishment, the accused was acquitted on April 28, 2012 as police failed to prove their case.\"We have booked retired DSP Harbhajan Singh under Prevention of Corruption Act on Tuesday. I cannot comment further as it may affect ongoing investigations by SIT,\" said Patiala range DIG L K Yadav, who is directly supervising investigations into the case.After the shocking acquittal of accused, SIT led by SP Priptal Singh Thind found around nine lapses, including the IO failing to put up fingerprint and ballistic reports -- two major evidences that could have nailed the accused. Police also failed to supply the bullets to the laboratory, no fingerprint report was put up to prove that the accused did fire at his family members, recovery of the weapon and other things was full of flaws and the motive behind the murders was not elaborated. Circumstantial evidence was also not listed in the case file nor call details of accused was also put up properly. Instead of collecting evidence, police solely depended on the witnesses, who later turned hostile. The IO also did not send the blood samples for DNA profiling. All these led to the acquittal of the accused, sources said.Earlier, police had booked Harbhajan for shoddy investigation only, while Prevention of Corruption Act was included in the FIR on Tuesday. \"The SIT has been conducting investigations into all aspects of the case. We won't spare anyone, who has played a role in weakening the case against accused,\" said the DIG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860264", "title": "Plea to consider SC/ST leader for Cong\u2019s Rajya Sabha post", "text": "KOCHI: KPCC general secretary and former minister Dr M A Kuttappan has appealed to the party leadership to give one seat to a party activist belonging to the SC/ST section in the ensuing elections to the Rajya Sabha from the state.In a letter to KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala , Dr Kuttappan said representation to SC/ST sections in RS from Kerala was overdue. \"After election of T K C Vaduthala in 1986, no leader belonging to these sections has been elected to RS from here as Congress nominee,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13858743", "title": "Corporation to prepare new development plan for Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: The corporation will soon prepare a new development plan for the city in consultation with the technical advisory group, a committee of experts from the civic society, which acts as an advisory council to the various projects implemented by the civic body, including the JNNURM scheme.The new development plan will focus on the suburbs and the areas that were recently added into the corporation limits. If all goes well, a delegation of experts from Philippines-based Cities Development Initiative for Asia (CDIA) will also share their valuable suggestions for the plan.\"The corporation officials and the mayor have responded positively and the initial work for the preparation of the plan will be started in the coming days after a meeting of the technical advisory group next week,\" said S Baskar, co-ordinator, City Technical Advisory Group, Coimbatore municipal corporation.The corporation has also decided to convene a meeting of the technical advisory group on June 13, the first one to be convened after the new elected council took oath last year. It has been almost a year since such a meeting of the integral committee, which was formed under the JNNURM norms, was convened in the city. The group also acts as a monitoring body for the execution of the developmental works, including the provision for supplying basic amenities to the residents in the corporation limits.\"It is a welcome move by the mayor and the corporation officials to convene the meeting of the city advisory group and we hope that we will be able to contribute to ensure efficient execution and implementation of various projects,\" said P Balasundaram, chairman, City Technical Advisory Group.The present city development plan was initially drafted by a private consultancy company in 2006 and it was further revised in 2007 and 2008. The new city plan will be prepared by ensuring the present needs of the city and the suburban areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13863009", "title": "Local bodies directed to set up e-waste collection centres in Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala Pollution Control Board has decided to ask all the local bodies in the state to open collection centres for e-waste.The board chairman K Sajeevan said that the waste from those collection centres would then be taken to agencies which have facilities for processing them.There is at present one such agency working in the state in Palakkad where e-waste is being centrally collected. The agency is currently taking the waste to Bangalore for processing from Palakkad, Sajeevan disclosed.He said a couple of other voluntary agencies had also shown interest in collecting e-waste for sending them for processing.According to him large-scale programmes would have to be conducted in Kerala for sensitizing people on the need for disposing e-waste scientifically.\"Many people hold on to the e-wastes under illusion that they will fetch money in future, as the electronic equipment could be remaining physically intact, even after becoming defunct. People should be made aware that those physical bodies are of no use and could become hazardous in future. Then only they will dispose e-waste promptly at the collection centres,\" he said.He also disclosed that no firm has come forward so far to set up e-waste treatment in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "13860012", "title": "2 more held; Beed chemist arrested", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Beed police on Monday arrested the father and the boyfriend, who is a distant relative, of an unmarried woman in connection with the dumping of one of the female foetuses under a bridge last Saturday.\"The number of people arrested in the case is now seven,\" said deputy superintendent of police Vidyanand Kale.The woman had undergone an abortion at medical practitioner Shivaji Sanap's hospital in Beed on Saturday and one of the foetuses found under the bridge was delivered by her, Kale said. Those arrested on Monday are residents of Kakadhira in Beed taluka, he added.In a separate case, police also arrested pharmacist Santosh Nagargoje of Priya Agency - a medical store on Tuesday for stocking abortion-related pills. The pharmacy, owned by Priya Sanap, wife of Shivaji Sanap, is on the Sanap hospital premises, Kale said.On Saturday, Shivaji Sanap and two women employees of his hospital were arrested in connection with performing abortions on three women and dumping two female foetuses. The next day, Ravindra Harale and Pratap Parekar, husband and father respectively of one of the three women, were arrested for burying the foetus at their home.Meanwhile, radiologists in Beed and the Indian Medical Association (IMA) office-bearers condemned the incidents of female foeticide in the district. They offered to cooperate with the health authorities to check them.Led by IMA Beed president Mohit Kulkarni, members of the Indian Radiology and Imaging Association and the IMA office-bearers, Beed chapter, met Beed civil surgeon Gauri Rathod, reiterating their opposition. They claimed that not a single radiologist in Beed was involved in sex determination tests. Such cases were reported from maternity homes and medical termination of pregnancy centres which have sonography facility, they said.The doctors opposed the reported move of the government to close all private sonography centres. Sudheer Hirve, a delegate who met Rathod, told TOI: \"All cases being referred to the diagnostic centres are of surgical emergencies. Pregnant women do not constitute more than 20% of the cases, but they too are referred in case of acute surgical emergency. It is not proper to generalize andhold all radiologists and medical practitioners responsible for the wrong-doing of a few people.''The radiologists said they had their own facilities and none was a visiting radiologist. \"We follow the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act strictly,'' Hirve said.Radiologists and medical practitioners who met the civil surgeon included Mohit Kulkarni, Prashant Nirale, Sudheer Hirve, Sangita Pingle, Anuja Lodha, Manisha Ghuge and Vrushali Sanap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858450", "title": "Cancer hospital for women &amp; kids to come up in Parel", "text": "MUMBAI: A new healthcare facility for women and children suffering from cancer will soon be set up in Mumbai. To be built on a five-acre plot in Parel, the facility will be run by the Tata Memorial Centre (TMC).The TMC already runs 700-bed Tata Memorial Hospital for cancer patients near KEM hospital in Parel.It had requested the state government for the allotment of the five-acre plot, from a nearby land which is owned by the state and leased to Haffkine Institute. On the basis of the request, the state medical education department has prepared a proposal for allotment of the land to the TMC. The proposal is scheduled to come up for discussion before the state cabinet on Wednesday evening.The TMC, which has already procured equipment needed to run the facility, had cited lack of space on its campus to justify its request for land.While the regulatory council of Haffkine Institute objected to the proposal, it suggested that instead of transferring the lease of the plot to TMC, it could be made a sub-lessee. It suggested that Haffkine, which has drafted plans for expansion, be permitted to retain the lease rent, proposed to be Rs 13.38 crore annually. This, it said, would supplement the grant-in-aid given by the state government.The state finance department has proposed that the TMC be permitted to retain 50% of the lease rent.Sources said the proposal is expected to get the cabinet's approval.First Metro outside MMR ready to rollThe state cabinet is also expected to discuss a proposal for approval to the first Metro rail outside the Mumbai Metropolitan Region. Approval for the Rs 2593 crore Vanaz to Ramwadi route of the Pune Metro will be taken up. While the consultants have proposed an elevated corridor, demands to opt for an underground route have been made from certain quarters. As per the financial model, the state will bear 20% (Rs 519 crore) of the project cost, the centre would share another 20% (Rs519 crore), the Pune Municipal Corporation will contribute 10%(Rs 259 crore), whereas the remaining 50% (Rs 1296.50 crore) will be raised using other sources. A fare ranging from Rs 7 to Rs 24 has been proposed for the route. An in principal nod for the same will also be sought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13863208", "title": "Mystery behind disappearance of Chinnaswamy stadium blast accused deepens", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mystery behind disappearance of Chinnaswamy stadium bomb blast accused Fasih Mahmood in Saudi Arabia has deepened as the Centre told the Supreme Court that he was neither arrested at the behest of Indian police nor brought to India.The government said it had been in constant touch with Saudi Arabian authorities on his alleged arrest by local authorities but no response has come so far.The apex court gave four days more to the Centre to tell details of the results of its efforts to trace Fasih Mahmood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858644", "title": "Colleges to be issued notice", "text": "BANGALORE: Officials of the department of pre-university education department are now planning to send %notice to some of Bangalore's prominent integrated colleges - those that offer both two years of PU education and coaching - as their very existence is illegal.That science education is expensive is one of the factors preventing students from pursuing it in rural areas. It takes only Rs 134 for a girl child to study in a government %PU college. Yet the number of these girls is as low as 2,000 as coa8ching is also to be included along with it. In rural areas, the number of science students is 9,498.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13860889", "title": "World Environment Day: Youth Scientists Award conferred to three students", "text": "MANGALORE: The Youth Scientists Award was conferred on three students at the World Environment Day celebration organized by the Pilikula Nisargadhama in association with the department of public instructions and Karnataka State Pollution Control Board in Pilikula near Mangalore on Tuesday.NV Pramoda, RH Aditya, I PU students of Vivekananda PU College, Puttur and S Rajath Rao, a student of SDM English Medium School, Ujire bagged first, second and third prizes respectively in the category.Proprietor of Soans Farm, Moodbidri, LC Soans was honoured for his contributions in the field of agriculture. Former science subject inspector of the department of public instructions K Subramanyam Sharma was honoured for his meritorious service in teaching science.Nitte University chancellor N Vinay Hegde said that younger generation needs to take the responsibility of protecting the earth. \"We can observe tremendous change in the weather over the years in our region. The temperature is increasing considerably every year. We need to be cautious about global warming and increase in the sea level,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad/vijayawada", "code": "13858858", "title": "Coastal areas wilt under blazing sun", "text": "HYDERABAD/VIJAYAWADA: As vast tracts of AP's northern and eastern plains continued to sizzle under oppressive heat much above the normal level, coastal cities and towns like Visakhapatnam, Kakinada, Machilipatnam, Bapatla, Ongole, Nellore and Kavali remained under the grip of unprecedented temperatures and unrelenting heat waves in the last couple of days.For instance, Machilipatnam had never witnessed a temperature more than 41 degree Celsius in the last one decade. While normal temperature in Machilipatnam in May hovers around 36-36.9 degrees, the port town recorded 45.3 degrees on Tuesday. The highest the mercury soared was in 2008 when it touched 41 degrees. Similarly, Vizag where temperatures are always in the range of 34-36 degrees, breached the 40-degree mark consistently in the last one week. The sun scorched Vizag with the mercury touching 43.4 degrees on Monday, while Vizagites got some respite from the heat with the mercury dropping marginally to 41.2 degrees on Tuesday. Kakinada too sizzled with the mercury touching 46 degrees.Hundreds of people have succumbed to the blistering heat in the last three days in the coastal and north coastal region where the average temperature hovered above 44 degrees. According to unofficial assessment, above 400 people have died of sunstroke this summer. With the state government failing to manage the power crisis effectively, the situation has worsened further.Another coastal town -- Ongole -- recorded the highest temperature this year at 46.8 degrees last week and the mercury has been hovering around 45 degrees for the last fortnight. The normal temperature in this town otherwise is around 39-40 degrees. Interestingly, Tuni, a small coastal town in East Godavari, was blazing as mercury shot up to 44 degrees this year. The highest temperature this town recorded in the past was just 37 degrees.\"The rising temperatures in the coastal town is because of the hot winds sweeping across from north India. The weather is completely rough on the sea resulting in soaring mercury levels,\" G Sudhakara Rao, principal scientist and in-charge director of Hyderabad Meteorological Centre said. Although the temperatures go a little bit wild just before the monsoon, the trend reversed this year where the coastal towns were on the boil during the entire May. He said that similar conditions would prevail in next two-three days.Retired geophysics professor Sambasiva Rao said destruction of mangrove forests along the coast might have contributed to the high temperatures in the coastal towns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13860813", "title": "Plantation drive in Etawah", "text": "KANPUR: Sapling plantation drives and tying red tape on the trunks of old trees marked the World Environment Day in Etawah on Tuesday.The district administration and the forest department jointly conducted a sapling plantation drive for developing a green cover belt at Bahadurpur Lohia village. NGOs, local residents, students and government officials participated in the drive.District magistrate P Guru Prasad, officials of forest department and the local residents participated in a meeting that stressed the importance of trees and environment protection. Nearly 200 saplings were planted by the people.The district magistrate inaugurated the drive and planted a 'pipal' sapling. Prasad said that from June 24, a massive plantation drive will be conducted in the district.He urged locals and volunteers of NGOs to create awareness about the importance of green cover in maintaining eco-balance.Meanwhile, people in Lavedi village of Etawah participated in a campaign and tied red tapes on the trunks of old trees and planted nearly 250 saplings of 'kanji'.The residents pledged to promote afforestation and adapt eco-friendly green life, said Prabhat Mishra, assistant director, national savings.The main theme of the campaign was to save trees and bio-diversity. Noted environmentalist Rajiv Chauhan was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13859233", "title": "Four held for killing marble trader", "text": "VARANASI: The police, on Tuesday, claimed to have worked out marble trader Sushil Singh murder case by arresting four miscreants with .9mm pistol, country-made revolvers, cartridges and two motorcycles. The cops believe that the murder was committed to create panic among marbles traders to extort money from them.According to SSP BD Polson, the cops were clueless over the killing of Sushil at his shop in Shivpur on May 28. Even his family members were unable to reveal the cause of killing as Sushil had no enmity with anyone. The case was blind. The SSP constituted a team under SP city SK Singh that exercised hard and succeeded in knowing that some marble traders had been issued threats for extortion in 2010.Polson said that the same clue proved a key to open this case. The and police succeeded in tracing Shah Alam of Badagaon and his accomplices Samir Mohammed of Phulwaria, Indradev Pal and Prashant Singh alias Varun of Badagaon. The SSP said that after failing to terrorise the marble traders in the past to extort money in 2010, Alam had decided to make a fresh effort. He and his accomplices decided that they would kill one marble trader in a sensational style in order to create panic among them.The SSP said that Alam and his accomplices had visited Sushil's shop on May 26 after which they finalised their plan. The miscreants were nabbed near Bhawanipur village. The arms and motorcycle used by them were also recovered. IG Brij Bhushan announced a cash reward of Rs 15,000 for the police team.Trade union leader killed in group rivalry: In a dispute of monopoly in the trade union of a factory, union leader Ajay alias Dabloo (40) was shot in Gadkhara Chakrari village, under the jurisdiction of Phoolpur police, on Monday night.His family members had lodged a named FIR against an office-bearer of the union and two officers of the factory for conspiring to kill Ajay. The family members and supporters Ajay attacked the family members of the accused by raiding their house at night. Ajay was employed at a factory in Naupur area in Sarnath. He was also the leader of employees union. His killing led to chaos in the village as his family members and villagers raided the house of another office-bearer of employees union and beat up his family members, including women brutally. Situation normalized following the intervention of police. Police were investigating the matter after sending the body for post-mortem examination.Driver electrocuted: Driver of a cargo trailor named as Jeet Singh (27) was electrocuted and the cleaner Lok Singh (25) suffered serious burn injuries when their vehicle came in contact with a high tension wire in Susuwahi area, under the jurisdiction of Lanka police, on Tuesday.Jeet and Lok, who belonged to Uttarakhand , had reached Susuwahi to unload the household article of a person, who had been transferred here from Noida. When they were turning the vehicle towards a colony from the main road, the steel container came in contact with a high tension wire. Due to electric shock the driver and cleaner fell on road from the truck's cabin. The local residents rushed the two to SSL Hospital where Jeet succumbed to burn injuries and Lok was struggling for life.Chain snatchers nabbed: The alertness of south Indian pilgrims resulted in nabbing of two woman chain snatchers in Durgakund temple in Bhelupur on Tuesday. The arrested women, identified as Meera and Hina, belonged to Ghazipur.Body found: Sensation prevailed near Adalpura Mission Hospital on Varanasi-Nevadhia road on Tuesday morning when the body of an unidentified woman, aged around 35, was found lying in a field. The woman was covered with a bed-sheet while a pillow was also kept near the body. The bed-sheet and pillow were wet due to excessive bleeding. It was suspected that the woman was killed elsewhere and body thrown in the field. Chunar police were trying to ascertain the identity of woman.Three die in accident: Three persons died and one sustained serious injuries when a truck rammed into a SUV on GT Road in Jiriyapur area, under the jurisdiction of Gopiganj police in Bhadohi district, on Tuesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858469", "title": "Goregaon swimming pool death case: Supervisor, coach get bail", "text": "MUMBAI: The coach and supervisor of the Goregaon swimming pool where a seven-year-old boy drowned on Sunday were granted bail on Monday. The duo was arrested on Sunday night for negligence.Police officers have not ruled out the possibility of more arrests in the case and are looking into the management's role in the drowning.The boy, Aryan Parab, had been taking swimming lessons for a month at Ozone swimming pool in Siddharth Nagar. Investigations have revealed that seven to eight persons, including coaches and lifeguards, were present at the poolside on Sunday evening when Aryan drowned. The accused, Salman Shaikh and Ignatius D'Costa, have alleged that Aryan had taken off his swimming floats. The pool in-charge, Ramesh Mhatre, said his staff had pulled Aryan out of the water and administered him first-aid before taking him to the hospital. \"We did everything we could to save Aryan's life. No action will be taken against Shaikh and D'Costa by us,\" Mhatre said.The swimming pool was founded by Prabodhan trust which has a Shiv Sena leader as one of its trustees.On Tuesday around noon, 50 members of the Nitesh Rane-led Swabhimaan Sanghatna started gathering a little distance from the Ozone club with the intention of staging a protest. Nitesh is the son of senior Congress minister Narayan Rane . Sena workers had also stationed themselves outside the club and the police were anxious to avoid a clash.\"We had learnt about the protest plan and deployed adequate bandobast, including personnel from the reserve police force. Nine members of Nitesh's group were detained as a preventive measure before they could create a law and order problem at the club,\" said ACP Jaywant Hargude. \"The Swabhimaan Sanghatna has alleged that there have been previous instances of drowning at the club as well. We will conduct an inquiry into their allegations,\" Hargude said.In the evening, the police learnt that MNS workers too planned to stage a protest at the club. Senior officers warned them against doing so and asked them to come to the police station with their demands instead. Accordingly, a delegation ofMNS party workers , led by MLA Pravin Darekar, visited the Goregaon police station and handed over a letter to the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13859982", "title": "\u2018Desilting won\u2019t help Sukhna\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As water level in Sukhna Lake reaches alarming levels, even shikaras of the tourism department are stuck in weeds and slush. Boating has come to a virtual halt at the popular tourist spot and the administration is desperately waiting for showers to revive the lake, since there is no alternate plan to fill water.The desilting drive which was been launched by the UT engineering department last month, will be suspended when monsoon hits the city later this month.Silt and weeds have been swallowing the artificial 3km rain-fed lake from inside and in 2010 too, the spread area had come down from 228 to 148 hectare metres. In its early months in 1958, water spread was 230 hectares and average depth was 4.69 metres. By 1962, about 20% of the lake got silted. But the rot started setting in around 2009 when the water body lost 66% of the area and water holding capacity and large parts of the lake got infested with thick weeds. Moreover, steps to increase water levels with dams in catchment areas too have failed. The logic behind desilting has also been questioned when what the lake really needs is more water. \"The present silt in the lake is not interfering with any of its functions.We do not have enough water even to fill its existing capacity to the maximum safe level. Why should we desilt the lake at the cost of lakhs,\" questioned S P Malhotra, former engineering in chief (irrigation), Haryana.\"The water in lake has been decreasing every year. No natural factor like less rainfall is responsible for it and its cause is man made. We have no agenda for correcting the mistake. Desilting of the lake is not going to generate any water for it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13858369", "title": "Bihar Board 12th result: Begusarai students bag top 3 slots", "text": "PATNA: Girls outshone boys in the science stream (Plus II) examination conducted by the Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB). Principal secretary (education department) Anjani Kumar Singh released the results here on Tuesday. Incidentally, the three toppers of the state hail from Begusarai and two of them happen to be siblings.According to the data released by the BSEB, a total of 3,43,898 students appeared in the examination this year out of which, 51.23% students secured first division. Singh said 91.36% of the girl students passed the examination this year, recording an increase of 1% as compared to the results declared last year. Altogether 2,61,497 boys and 82,401 girls appeared in the 2012 examination.The three toppers from the Begusarai district bagged over 90% marks in aggregate. Piyush Kumar (92%), Ram Prawesh Kumar (90.6%) and Illa Kumari (90.4%) topped the merit list from the MRJDI College, Bisnupur, Begusarai. Piyush and Illa are siblings. Only five students from the state capital figure in the merit list released by the BSEB.Students performed well in the examination even in the Maoists-hit districts. While 95.08% students passed the examination in Rohtas, Gaya recorded a pass percentage of 94.76%, Jehanabad and Arwal 95.33%, Aurangabad 90.90% and Jamui 98.48%.The number of students appearing in the examination also registered a marked increase in comparison to last year. In 2010, the number of students who appeared in the examination stood at 2,11,193 while in 2011, it was 2,67,949. The intermediate results for the arts and commerce streams would also be declared soon, Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13859578", "title": "BJP and Madernas considering an alliance?", "text": "JAIPUR: Talks about the bonhomie between some senior BJP leaders and the influential Maderna family inching towards a new political equation in the state received an impetus on Tuesday.In a politically potent statement, BJP state president Arun Chaturvedi claimed on Tuesday that many in the ruling party were willing to switch over to his party as the Congress was now a \"sinking ship\".The BJP president made the claim in response to the media query if jailed Congress legislator Mahipal Maderna's daughter Divya Maderna was seeking membership of the saffron party. Though Chaturvedi stated that he was \"unaware\" if Divya was seeking to join BJP, he did not rule out the possibility.\"Congress is a sinking ship and there are bound to be some chaotic movements in a sinking ship. There are many from the ruling party who want to join the BJP, but we would take decisions on the merits and demerits of a probable candidate,\" the BJP state president said.The talks about Divya or her mother Leela Maderna considering to join BJP began to do rounds after the family's recently publicized meetings with senior BJP legislators Digambar Singh and Rajendra Rathore. The day Rathore was released from jail on being absolved of the criminal charges framed against him by the CBI, Divya paid a visit to the legislator. The next day Rathore, along with Singh, visited the Madernas to seek 'blessings' of Divya's grandfather and senior Congress leader Parasram Maderna. Rathore and Singh had a long discussion with Leela Maderna, too.Divya, however, said these visits were just \"courtesy calls\". \"My father and he (Rathore) spent time together at the jail, so he visited us. It was simply a courtesy call and nothing should be read beyond this,\" Divya told TOI on Tuesday.Political analysts, nonetheless, pointed out the BJP leaders' changed stand on the allegations against the jailed Congress legislator as indicative of the saffron party and the Madernas considering an alliance in preparation for the assembly elections due next year.When legislator Maderna's name first surfaced among the accused in the Bhanwari Devi kidnapping and murder case last year, the BJP demanded his arrest and a CBI investigation into the crime. The party, however, appears to have done a volte face in the matter, as alleged by Congress state president Chandrabhan.Since the past week, Rathore and Singh have repeatedly called legislator Maderna a victim of political conspiracy and accused chief minister Ashok Gehlot of pitching the Jat and the Rajput communities against each other by misusing the CBI. BJP president Chaturvedi is yet to clarify if his party's stand was different from that of the two legislators'. \"BJP's silence shows the party is attempting to win over the Jat community whose leaders are increasing opposing the chief minister,\" a Congress officer-bearer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13860089", "title": "Gavi under attack by Ordinary people", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Malayalam movie, Ordinary, captured the mystique of Gavi, a reserve forest in Pathanamthitta district, making it a household name. But this spotlight has hampered the peace and tranquillity of wildlife habitat in Gavi, which is nestled in the core area of Periyar Tiger reserve.In the last two months, following the release of the movie, there has been a huge increase in the inflow of noisy tourists, many of them entering the core area in an inebriated state, disturbing the fragile eco-system here.\"The route that goes from Anganmuzhi to Gavi is now littered with bottles and plastic covers,'' says a senior official at Periyar tiger reserve.Senior forest officials said there has been a six-fold increase in tourists flow following the release of the movie though Kerala State Forest Department Corporation(KSFDC) in its contract with the government had said that it will limit the number of tourist to 100 per day into this eco-sensitive zone.\"Around 600 tourists reach Gavi, especially during the weekend, putting great pressure on the flora and fauna here. Recently, we had to arrest a group of youths, who in a drunken state beat up one of our forest guards posted here,'' a senior forest officer posted at Anganmuzhi checkpost said.There are two routes to reach Gavi. The main route from Ranni enters from Vallakadavu checkpost and the number of tourist comings through this route is pretty much regulated. But it is the 70 kilometre dirty terrain from Anganmuzhi checkpost to Gavi which is seeing an unregulated flow of tourists.Environmentalists said the area is a core habitat for 62 different varieties of animals like gaurs, langurs, sambar and elephants. \"The noise pollution will adversely affect the movement of animals who use this unpaved road that passes through the forest,'' said environmental activist Harish V, of One Earth One life.He said the state forest ministry should restrict the entry of tourists into this area which has been demarcated as highly ecologically sensitive areas as per the recently released Western Ghat Ecology Expert Panel (WGEEP) report chaired by Madhav Gadgil. The state forest minister Ganesh Kumar incidentally been pitching for opening up tourism in in eco-sensitive zones like Gavi in a big way.Senior forest officials said there is a huge shortage of forest guards in Periyar tiger reserve and due to this the field officers are finding it extremely difficult to monitor poaching and other illegal activities. \"The pressure due to the increase in the number of tourists has forced us to re-deploy more force at Anganmozhi, Pachakanam, Kallaridichan, and Vallkadavu checkposts,'' a senior forest official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13859143", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation seeks election panel's ok for pre-monsoon work", "text": "NASHIK: Pre-monsoon works that should have been completed by May 31 by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) are yet to see the light of the day. With the election code of conduct in place, the chairman of the NMC's standing committee has written to the state election commission seeking permission for starting pre-monsoon works which include cleaning nullahs, drainage pipes, clearing plastic and debris, to facilitate free flow of water and cleaning public places of all garbage and plastic. It also includes halting all digging work across wards. With the exception of the NMC's disaster management cell, all other pre-monsoon works are yet to begin.According to the civic body's public works department the ongoing code of conduct is the cause for delay in carrying out the pre-monsoon activity. \"We have to issue tenders for carrying out pre-monsoon works for which a proposal has to be put up in the standing committee meeting . But because of the code of conduct, we cannot do it,\" said an engineer.He added that barely two days after the code of conduct for the legislative council election was lifted it was imposed again for the election to the seat in legislative council from Nashik teachers', graduates constituency.But another official said that if the work is carried out by NMC employees there was no need to seek approval of the standing committee for floating tenders .Standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said that he had written to the state election commission on June 4 asking that the NMC be permitted to carry out pre-monsoon works. \"With monsoons round the corner, despite the code of conduct NMC employees can do the work, it is not necessary to seek permission from the members of the civic body. That is why I wrote to the election commission. I am expecting a reply in a day or two,\" said Nimse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "13858526", "title": "Protest at Sindri police station after student's death", "text": "SINDRI: The drowning of a Class 12 student became a political issue here on Tuesday with hundreds of men and women staging a demonstration before Sindri police station demanding arrest of the alleged killers of the student.Police, however, are in a fix as no internal or external injury has been found on the body and the postmortem report has confirmed the death because of drowning in inebriated condition.Aman Singh, the student, went missing on Saturday afternoon and police investigation revealed that he along with four of his friends consumed liquor and had gone for bathing in the Damodar with two of his friends Aniket and Gaurav. The boy under the influence of liquor drowned in the river while taking a bath and his friends fled from there and did not inform the family members about the incident out of fear. Police recovered the body from the river on Sunday and sent the body for autopsy on Monday.Bhola Singh, the father of the deceased who runs a flour mill here, in his complaint to police alleged that Aman's four friends namely Aniket, Gaurav, Manish and Shwetabh had killed him under a conspiracy and police lodged a case of murder against the students on the basis of the written complaint.On Tuesday, family members of the deceased accompanied by small time political party workers staged demonstration and blocked the road near Sindri police station by burning tyres and demanded that police arrest the alleged killers. The blockade was lifted after about an hour when DSP R N Sharma assured them to take proper action after investigation.Dhanbad SP R K Dhan said there was no evidence against any of the students and police could not arrest the students on charges of murder mere on the basis of a complaint under pressure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13862939", "title": "I felt genuine love for Nick Jonas: Delta Goodrem", "text": "Australian singer Delta Goodrem has opened up about her 10-month romance with Nick Jonas , insisting she felt \"genuine love\" for the teen heartthrob.The 27-year-old began dating the 'Jonas Brothers' star, shortly after ending her engagement to Irish singer Brian McFadden , but they announced their split in February.The 'Born To Try' hitmaker admitted that she had \"jumped into\" the relationship with Jonas after becoming single again, but dismissed rumours that it was just a rebound romance.\"I was exhilarated with the anxiety of freedom, as well,' the Daily Express quoted her as saying on 'Australia's 60 Minutes show'.\"On one hand, it was a real relief. And then I jumped into another relationship that was completely different... Maybe it's that I'm interested in challenges.\"Maybe I'm one of these spirits who goes, 'Ooh, what is this lesson here? What am I learning here?'... There was a genuine love, definitely,\" the singer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13860257", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav pledges greener Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on the occasion of World Environment Day pledged for a greener Lucknow. \"We must think what we are going to give to our future generation and try our best to save the natural heritage,\" he said while addressing the Go Green Campaign, a series of events organised by The Times of India in association with MTS.Stating that all possible places including road sides, open plots and colony parks should be used for plantation, he directed government officials to ensure that all parks in the city should be maintained in the best possible way. \"It is obligatory for civic agencies to leave ample space for greenery and the duty of every citizen to keep his neighbourhood green,\" he said and asked officials to be prepared of a surprise inspection of parks.The CM's perspective could help the city in restoring its tree cover, which depleted rapidly in the last decade. So will the list include parks and memorials built after dalit icons as well? The CM replied this question with a smile and left people guessing. However, he pulled up the state forest department for making tall claims during plantation weeks. \"They always claim that they have planted crores of saplings, but what about their survival? This is not done,\" he said.He also took the opportunity to inform that his government is coming up with another park in the city. The park would be named after SP stalwart Janeshwar Mishra, and is proposed to come up in Gomtinagar extension. \"The park that our government gave is better than the park of elephants and stone that came up during the previous rule. And believe me, the new park would be better than Lohia Park,\" the CM said.Hitting out at the previous government, Akhilesh said, \"We did not cut a single tree on the patch over which Lohia Park came up and brought rare varieties like Rudraksha, Parijaat and Himchampa, but our predecessors killed many trees for sandstone and they ruthlessly got a drain constructed right across the length of the park. Still, many of the top officials who were taking decision on where to buy stones from visited the Lohia Park every morning and evening.\" He also said that the previous government made a mockery of plantation in Bundelkhand area. A government release later said that more than Rs 100 crore was spent to plant several thousand trees. A verification drive later proved that branches of trees were cut and subsequently planted.Expressing concern over the poor state of Gomti, he said, \"River is the lifeline of any city. We must make efforts to save it for the future generation.\" Earlier, he asked guests, participants and visitors at the Lohia Park to take a pledge to contribute their best in saving the environment. Making a special reference to children who dressed up as different elements of nature such as plants, soil and water, he said, \"It is said that if a generation plants trees, the successors reap the benefits of it. By sensitising children through such efforts, we are investing in the future.\" The CM also planted a sapling in the park.The event was co-sponsored by RK Group, World of Titan, Saraswati College, The Piccadilly, Punjab National Bank , Santronics, Lucknow Municipal Corporation and Chappan Bhog to create, educate and raise awareness on environmental conservation. As a part of the campaign, a slogan writing competition was organised at Sahara Ganj Mall. Gaurish Awasthi stood first, Tripti Gupta and Shivam bagged the second and third places respectively. Prizes for the slogan writing competition were sponsored by Santronics, which included eco-friendly inverters and power saver units. MTS co-sponsored the event and gave away brand new android phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859777", "title": "Rs 74k per month for Presidency University chairs", "text": "KOLKATA: The state cabinet on Tuesday fixed Rs 74,000 as the monthly remuneration for each of the five professors the institution will appoint to hold 'distinguished chairs' at the Presidency University. This will be in addition to other perks that the appointees will enjoy. Educationists from across the globe will be invited to hold the chairs for a full term.\"This amount is sanctioned by the University Grants Commission (UGC) under the scheme for distinguished professorship chairs. It will now depend on Presidency University to chalk out the nitty-gritty and submit the details. We will only intimate them about the sanctioned funds,\" said a senior higher education department official. She added, \"The five chairs will be for five different subjects. Now that the government's decision will be sent to the varsity as a formal order, Presidency University can send out invitations to academia around the world. This is only the basic pay scale. Those who occupy the chairs will also receive remuneration for relocation, participating in conferences abroad, attending seminars, buying gadgets required to upgrade their knowledge and travel allocations.\" The university has already urged the state to bear a part of the conveyance fee of those shifting base from abroad.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had earlier announced that she was approving the proposals for instituting four chairs of professorship in the names of Jagadish Chandra Bose (on natural sciences), Rabindranath Tagore (on literature and cultural studies), Swami Vivekananda (on philosophy) and Subhas Chandra Bose (on economics, political science and history). In addition to these four chairs, the state government had decided to create another chair in the name of revolutionary poet Nazrul Islam. The proposal was sent to the state higher education secretary Satish Tiwary.Former Presidency College principal and teacher Sanjiv Ghosh welcome the move. He said, \"Since the government has sanctioned five distinguished chairs, it will allow the university to invite academics renowned in their subjects. In foreign universities, there is no age bar while inviting professors to these chairs. Hopefully, the criterion will be the same for Presidency University too. Moreover, these highly-acclaimed educationists will be able to generate funds for research with their work from several national and international agencies.\"Sources in the university said that its authorities had also proposed creating an Acharya P C Roy chair in chemistry and a Henry Louis Vivian Derozio chair in English, but those were not approved.When contacted, vice chancellor of Presidency University, Malabika Sarkar said, \"I have not yet received any information from the state government. However, this is indeed good news. The government will inform us about the break-ups. Accordingly, we will plan further.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13860402", "title": "Watch the transit of Venus today", "text": "KOCHI: It will be an early Wednesday morning for many people in the city, as they would not want to miss the much-awaited cosmic event \u2014 the transit of Venus, which sky watchers will be able to watch till 10am.Those who want to watch the phenomenon can do so either at the physics department in Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat) or through the Breakthrough Science Society which will make arrangements at Marine Drive.The transit of Venus is a rare eclipse during which the planet passes between the Earth and the Sun. The planet will appear as a black spot gliding across the fiery face of the sun.This is the last transit of the century and the next will occur only in 2117. The transit through the solar disc will take place on Wednesday, beginning by 3.10am and ending by 10am (It will vary from place to place).The last transit of Venus occurred on June 8, 2004 and this time, the starting phase of the event called 'Ingress Exterior' will be visible only in India.It can be seen after sunrise for about 5 hours 30 minutes by observers in the east of the country, and for about 4 hours 30 minutes for those in the west.\"At the physics department, arrangements have been made to view this rare astronomical event using a 6'' telescope from sunrise to the end of the transit, provided there is no rain and no cloud hiding the sun,\" said professor V C Kuriakose, coordinator, Inter University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics (IUCAA) resource centre, Cusat.\"We should not look directly at the sun with naked eyes. One can watch it, with the same precautions taken to view solar eclipses,\" he added.For those who can't make it to the Cusat campus in Kalammassery, drop in before 10am at the Rainbow Bridge on Marine Drive, where volunteers of the Breakthrough Science Society have filters for safe viewing.The society has also published a booklet on this phenomenon written by former Isro scientist C Ramachandran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858716", "title": "NCP-controlled irrigation department justifies project costs and escalations", "text": "MUMBAI: Under heat following allegations of corruption in irrigation projects, the NCP-controlled irrigation department is likely to make a presentation before the state cabinet on Wednesday.The department, sources said, has justified high project costs and escalations. The controversy erupted last month after CM Prithviraj Chavan sought a \"white paper\" on irrigation projects. He had raised fingers on the high expenditure incurred on projects during the last 10 years and the meagre increase in cropped irrigated area and irrigation potential.The NCP camp hit back, questioning the figures quoted by Chavan.Sources said, the presentation states that the expenditure of Rs 70,000 crore incurred by the department on projects was spread over 52 years, a sizeable portion of which went towards land acquisition and rehabilitation of project affected families. The department has also questioned claims of meagre increase in irrigation potential and cropped irrigated area.Arguing that procedural delays including environmental clearances delayed commencement of several projects, the department has also justified escalation in costs.Interestingly, there is no mention of the \"white paper\" in the presentation. The fresh document could lead to another bout between the Congress and the NCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13858680", "title": "Oscar Fernandez hints at further drop in petrol price", "text": "RANCHI: All India Congress Committee (AICC) general secretary Oscar Fernandez on Tuesday hinted that the petrol price might further come down in the coming days.Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee is closely monitoring the matter and has written to the chief ministers to reduce the value added tax (VAT) on petroleum products so that people get relief, he said.\"The Union government is very serious on giving relief to masses and we did bring the price down by Rs 2 per litre after a hike of Rs 7.50 litre. The price was lowered by the government not because of protest by the opposition parties but because of genuine concern of the Union government to give relief to people. The price will further reduce as price of crude oil in international market comes down,\" said Fernandez who was in the city on a daylong visit to campaign for the party candidate in the Hatia assembly byelection. He, however, did not give any deadline for the reduction of price.At the same time, he criticized the state governments for not sharing the burden of spiralling crude oil price by reducing the VAT. \"It is surprising that states get 33% of the hike in price of petroleum products but they are not ready to reduce the VAT. In reply to the letter of the Union finance minister to lower VAT on petroleum products, only the chief ministers of Uttarakhand , Goa and Delhi reacted positively. The others kept quiet. If the chief ministers are really concerned about pressure on masses, they should come forward and reduce the VAT,\" added Fernandez.He also took the opportunity to corner the Jharkhand government for its failure to utilize funds provided by the Centre for development work. \"I was surprised to know that of the Rs 15,000 crore provided by the Centre, Rs 3,000 crore was utilized by the state. Around Rs 12,000 crore was surrendered,\" he said.Opposition leader in the Jharkhand assembly Rajendra Prasad Singh expressed unhappiness over the alleged indifferent attitude of chief minister Arjun Munda for not taking action against deputy commissioner (DC) of Hazaribagh for falsely implicating a large number of people including Congress MLA Yogendra Sao.\"It is surprising that five days have passed since I personally brought to the notice of the chief minister that the DC has falsely implicated people in a case of alleged attack on government officials on May 28. I have given documentary evidence and the Congress MLA and his brother-in-law were not in Hazaribagh on that day. Yet the chief minister, who claims to be impartial, has not taken any action,\" Singh said adding that if action is not taken against the DC, he would meet governor Syed Ahmed for his intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13859554", "title": "Public-private partnership could be allowed for metro rail projects, says working group", "text": "PUNE: The Working Group on Urban Transport (WGUT) appointed by the Planning Commission has said that public-private partnership (PPP) in metro rail projects should be permitted \"if a project is found to be fit and viable for this approach on account of ridership alone.\" The view is likely to allow private players to get involved in building metro projects in cities like Pune.The WGUT, among other things, stated that the PPP \"should not be linked with providing land for property development beyond what is needed for the operation of rail transit.\"The Planning Commission had constituted a Steering Committee on Urbanisation to make recommendations in context of formulation of the 12th Five Year Plan. This committee had, in turn, constituted different working groups, including one on urban transport, to give recommendations for several sub-sectors.The recommendations of the different working groups were examined recently by the Steering Committee on Urbanisation. The suggestions of various other expert bodies are inputs for formulating the 12th plan which has not yet been finalised by the Planning Commission.A top state Urban Development Department (UDD) official told TOI, \"The development will definitely help to get central government approval for the Pune metro project. The state government is working on a financial model for Pune metro and now PPP could be incorporated at some stage.\"However, the WGUT has cautioned against indiscriminate adoption of PPP model and suggested that urban rail transit system should be taken up primarily with government funding, except in rare cases of high density metro cities, where PPP can be attempted for some elevated corridors.The recommendation comes at a time when the state cabinet is likely to approve the construction of the 14.925-km Pune metro railway route from Vanaz on Paud Road to Ramwadi on Ahmednagar Road.\"The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has worked out the final rates for the construction of the 14.925-km metro railway route. On the state government's demand, the DMRC has submitted a draft plan suggesting financial models, which includes the DMRC's own model and a build-operate-transfer option with viability gap funding and public-private partnership. If the PPP model is accepted by the central government as per the recommendations made by the working group, the government and the local bodies will not have to bear the burden of the project,\" a state urban development department official said.Decision on Pune metro today?The state cabinet on Wednesday is likely to discuss and approve the Pune metro railway route from Vanaz to Ramwadi.Minister of state for UDD Bhaskar Jadhav on Tuesday said the state government is firm on implementing the metro project in Pune. He said the state plans to complete a stretch of metro and mono rail in Mumbai by December and that could be the model for the Pune metro.\"Once the metro is a success in Mumbai, we could follow the same model in Pune. The Pune metro proposal is with the state cabinet awaiting approval. There are many issues that we want to resolve with consensus and then approve the project,\" Jadhav told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13858209", "title": "Proposal for flyover connecting Western Express Highway to Bandra Terminus", "text": "MUMBAI: The approach road to the Bandra Terminus could get smoother and better with the Western Railway (WR) proposing the construction of a flyover connecting the Western Express Highway to the terminus.The agency has already approached the government and the proposal was taken up for discussion at the coordination committee meeting of the state administration and the railways on Monday.At the meeting, presided over by state chief secretary J K Banthia, it was decided to consider the feasibility of the proposal. Banthia reportedly told railway officials that civic officials would soon be asked to accompany them for a joint inspection of the proposed route.Claiming that expansion plans were being explored for the terminus, the WR highlighted the \"difficulty faced by people to enter the station\" and as an alternative route, it proposed to set up a flyover along Pipeline Road. The officials added that the flyover was needed as passenger traffic to the terminus could go up manifold after the expansion.During the meeting, railway officials also discussed the proposal of phasing out all level-crossings along the route, including those in the city. An NOC from collectors was sought for the construction of underpasses and overbridges to enable this. The state accepted the request. Railway officials also requested for deployment of more home guards for patrolling stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi/kochi", "code": "13857245", "title": "VJD system mastermind accuses ICC of bias", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOCHI: V Jayadevan, the Thrissur-based engineer who developed the VJD System for calculating target scores in interrupted limited-overs cricket, has written to International Cricket Council (ICC) chief Sharad Pawar asking for an independent assessment of his work.He insists a 'neutral' comparison with the prevalent Duckworth-Lewis Method will prove the superiority of his calculations. \"Ever since its introduction in 1998 at the international level, the Duckworth/Lewis Method has come under criticism. Even in its 14th year, however, it continues to be implemented by ICC,\" Jayadevan's letter says.Last week, the ICC cricket committee rejected the VJD Method again, leading to former India captain Sunil Gavaskar suggesting in his TOI column that the panelists were biased and that Jayadevan was being discriminated against.In the letter, Jayadevan talks about his 12-year-old fight to highlight inadequacies in the official D/L Method. Giving his own version of the politics behind cricket's complicated mathematical formulae, Jayadevan writes, \"In 2005, as directed by ICC, an expert conducted a comparative study of both systems and submitted a report favouring D/L. The report...was full of factual errors. The natural inclination of the reviewer was also very apparent, and I pointed these discrepancies out to the ICC.\"Mr David Richardson , the ICC's general manager (cricket), found some valid points in my argument and invited me to Hong Kong for a presentation of my alternative system. The expert I mentioned earlier was again a member on the panel that heard my presentation. When I was pointing out the errors in the D/L system, the expert was getting visibly annoyed. I felt as if he had not come as a referee but as a spokesman for the D/L.\"After the presentation, the panel entrusted the same expert to make a comparative study between VJD System and a modified system (Wincoda 3.0) that Duckworth and Lewis were going to submit. I expressed my unhappiness over engaging the same person to do the study again, but the ICC assured me that it would take unbiased decisions.\"Jayadevan insists the \"unbiased decision\" never came to pass. Talking about the recent rejection of his method, he says, \"I had requested Mr Richardson to invite me for the recent ICC cricket committee meeting because the other expert was on the committee and would do everything possible to defend his report on what is a very technical subject.\"I feel that it is the responsibility of the ICC to implement the best available system for the cricket community. I humbly request you to take necessary steps to get the two systems evaluated by a neutral person, an expert neither from India nor from England,\" Jaydevan requests Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13860099", "title": "Increasing vehicles amplify pollution levels", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 8.68% rise in the number of vehicles during 2011-12 has taken its toll on city's ambient air quality. As a result, there is no let-up either in the air pollution or the noise pollution levels. The increase in the number of vehicles has also led to a rise in the concentration of fine particulate matter in the air.The ambient air quality assessment report released by the Indian Institute of Toxicology Research on Tuesday, shows rise in pollution levels for residential, commercial and industrial areas of the city. The Respirable Suspended Particulate Matter (RSPM) level at nine monitoring locations was found to be higher than the National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS)When the data for this year was compared with the previous years, it showed an increasing trend of air pollution, except Indiranagar and Alambagh. The concentration of gaseous pollutants has also increased, as compared to last year. The only respite is that the levels recorded are within the prescribed national standards.The rising level of air pollution indicates that state agencies have failed to fulfil their role. The Comptroller and Auditor General in its report on May 30, had pulled up the Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) for not performing its role effectively. The report said that the board has failed to plan a comprehensive programme for prevention and control of air pollution in Lucknow since its inception in 1975. Low priority was accorded to environmental issues by the state government, as expenditure on it was reduced from Rs 14.08 crore (0.025%) to Rs 3.11 crore (0.002%) of total expenditure of the state during 2005-11.The CAG report further observed that 23 out of 82 recognised private centres meant for checking the level of vehicular emission have not upgraded their software, but have still issued Pollution Under Control certificate.The IITR report, on the other hand, mentions that all pollutants, including metals, have adverse effects on human health. The finer particles (RSPM and PM), which are inhaled, are responsible for several cardiovascular and respiratory diseases such as asthma, bronchitis , reproductive development, increased risk of pre-term birth and even mortality. The respirable particles can penetrate deep into the respiratory system. A particulate matter is a complex mixture of chemical agents of different shapes and sizes.The tail pipe emission from vehicle is another important source of air pollutants like RSPM, heavy metals and gases.The report also stated that traffic noise has become a major environmental concern in urban areas with high traffic congestion. Sources of noise in urban areas are primarily vehicular engines, exhaust systems, aerodynamic friction and tyre-pavement interaction. Traffic noise is affected by factors like traffic volume and speed, vehicle mix, pavement type and vehicle conditions.Number of cars has gone up by 10.69% from last year. More than 18,000 cars got registered in 2011-12 in LucknowNumber of two-wheelers has gone up by 8.43% from last year. More than 10 lakh two-wheelers got registered in 2011-12 in Lucknow", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13860182", "title": "Businessman kills self in Siddhartha Enclave", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 70-year-old businessman who used to rent out equipment for film-making, allegedly shot himself dead inside his residence in southeast Delhi on Tuesday morning. His servant heard a gunshot and rushed to the room that doubled up as his office. Police, who were informed about the incident around 7.55am, took Singh to AIIMS Trauma Centre, where he was declared brought dead.Police said Amarjeet Singh, who stayed at Siddhartha Enclave, owned Cine India Limited, which gave on rent all the paraphernalia used for film-making. He had worked with Doordarshan as a senior cameraman. \"Singh shot himself on the right temple using his licensed revolver. Nothing was found disturbed at the spot. The crime team inspected and photographed the site. While the postmortem will establish the exact time of death, the weapon and its licence have been seized,\" said a senior police officer.The reason for the suicide was not clear as he had did not leave any note behind.The officer said Singh lived in the house with his servant. His four sons did not live in Delhi. He also has a daughter. Amarjeet had reportedly bought 10 bullets from Laxmi Nagar. Cops will visit the shop for further details. Amarjeet was a well-known cameraperson with hundreds of films-both national and international-to his credit. He was a former consultant to Unicef and assisted Union Public Service Commission in selecting government officers, including the newsreel officer, chief cameraman.Amarjeet Singh owned Cine India Limited, which rents out equipment for film-making.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13857900", "title": "\u2018Protecting the planet is everyone\u2019s job\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Some of us may seem to have greater responsibility towards the planet by virtue of our profession. However, it is only when all the inhabitants of the blue planet inculcate a green attitude that environmental sustainability can be achieved. It does not take superheroes to save the planet but a change in the collective consciousness by courageous individuals.This was the gist of the discussion that took place at National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI) to mark the World Environment Day. Senior civil judge and secretary of Nagpur District Legal Services Authority Kishore Jaiswal spoke of the legal provisions towards better environment. Chief Guest and former director of National Chemical Laboratory S Sivaram spoke about how the contributions of some renowned scientists drew the world's attention towards environment and how this had increased the responsibility on science professionals. NEERI director Satish Wate began the discussion saying it was only when we started protecting nature that nature would start protecting us, thus giving us big rewards.Giving the example of Taj Mahal and CNG autos in New Delhi, Jaiswal informed how a simple letter or concern expressed by citizens or scientists could help form laws. \"It was a writ petition that led the courts to direct a facelift of the monument of love. Delhi was shown to be one of the most polluted cities of the world in a survey and therefore the decision of using CNG-driven autos in the city was made. The new Green Tribunal Act made things easier for those willing to fight for environmental causes,\" he said. The laws are all in place, having a provision to fine corporate houses up to 10 crore, he added. \"However, the most important task is to bring about a change in our attitudes and daily activities so that there remains no need for such laws,\" said Jaiswal.Sivaram agreed and said that people need to be more sensitive towards the global problems and also walk the talk. \"Decisions are based not on perceptions but on evidence. Scientific community, especially institutions like NEERI, help provide the proof to substantiate facts. These are the people who should be more accountable to the planet rather than any lobby,\" he said.Chronicling the efforts of several individuals whose actions brought to notice some important environmental phenomena, Sivaram said protecting the environment was not just government's responsibility. \"It was marine biologist Rachel Carson who first spoke of the dangers of chemical pesticides in her book 'Silent Spring', chemists Rowland, Molina and Paul Crutzen drove attention towards the depletion of ozone layer. Their efforts led to changes in policies and perceptions. We could all do that in our own small ways,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13857915", "title": "Green rally stresses on reducing air pollution", "text": "NOIDA: Almost a hundred electric and CNG-run cars converged at the Great India Place mall on Tuesday afternoon for a rally to draw attention to the need for implementing road safety measures and for cutting down on air pollution to mark the World Environment Day.The rally was organized by the Noida traffic police and a non-profit group, trafficzam.com. Hundreds of residents from Noida and Delhi participated in the 20km rally that commenced from the mall around 3pm. Organizers said the rally was organized to stress on \"reducing environmental risks and also on using the natural resources judiciously.\"\"The objective was to inspire people to use resources like petrol and diesel judiciously. The rally also stressed on employing road safety measures in one's daily life,\" said K Kapila of the International Road Safety Federation.\"Since the government alone cannot make all the difference, each of us should take a pledge to safeguard the environment,\" said Saifuddin Beg, traffic inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "13860825", "title": "Chitradurga city municipal council chief wins trust vote", "text": "CHITRADURGA: Suneeta Mallikarjun, president of the Chitradurga city municipal council, on Monday survived a no-confidence motion moved by 34 civic representatives.Thirty-four out of 35 members of the civic body had moved the no-confidence motion against her 15 days ago. Buying sufficient time, the president fixed a meeting on June 4 to take up the motion.As many as 15 members, including seven from the JD(S) and seven from the Congress and MLC G H Thippareddy opposed the motion on Monday.Despite JD(S) district president issuing a whip, seven members violated it and voted against the motion. Abdul Jabbar VP conducted the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13860326", "title": "Message for a green Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Various organizations celebrated World Environment Day by organizing programmes related to the environment which sent out the message that we must strive for a cleaner, greener and plastic-free Arunachal.In Itanagar , the Arunachal Pradesh State Pollution Control Board (APSPCB), in collaboration with the environment and forest department, conducted a cleanliness-cum-awareness drive from Ganga Market to IG Park early on Tuesday.Parliamentary secretary for environment and forests CT Mein and APSPCB chairman TN Thongdok, along with volunteers, school children and others, took part in the cleanliness drive.Piles of garbage heaps, which are an eyesore and spoil the aesthetic beauty of the capital besides being the breeding grounds of diseases, were cleaned up during the drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13859592", "title": "Palkhi procession vehicles must undergo fitness test, says Regional Transport Office", "text": "PUNE: The Regional Transport Office (RTO) has made technical fitness certificates mandatory for vehicles to be used during the annual Palkhi procession, from Dehu to Alandi, beginning June 10. The RTO has organised a three-day special camp at its Alandi Road office wherein owners have been asked to undertake technical checking of their vehicles.An official from the RTO said lakhs of people participate in the annual procession that travels from Alandi and Dehu to Pandharpur via Pune. More than 500 vehicles travel along this procession carrying essential goods, water and foodgrains.\"We do not want any instances of breakdown of vehicles during the procession, which could cause problems to people,\" an RTO official said.According to the RTO, owners should carry original documents of the vehicles, such as tax receipts, registration and pollution certificates. The vehicles will undergo basic tests such as checking of engine, tyres and batteries. The headlights and tail lamps should be in working condition. The vehicle should have a reflective tape on both sides and at the back.An official said vehicle owners will be given certificates after they pass the test. It is advisable for the owners of trucks, tempos and water tankers to get their vehicles checked to avoid any mishaps during the procession. An official said a plan has been drafted to hold additional sessions on June 9 and 10 (Saturday and Sunday), if vehicle owners fail to obtain certificates during the special camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "13858285", "title": "Young woman's death shrouded in mystery", "text": "ARARIA: The death of a young woman Sajan Khatoon at village Chilhania under Mahalgaon police station in Araria on Sunday was shrouded in mystery. Khatoon was the daughter of Mohammad Hasib of village Piparpanti under Jalalgarh police station in Purnia. She was wedded to Mohammad Pervez of village Chilhania about one-and-a-half year back, said police.Ever since her marriage, her husband and in-laws always tortured her for dowry. In the beginning, Khatoon's parents managed to fulfill their demands. But, the buck did not stop there. The more they fulfilled their demand, the more it went spiraling up, said village sources.But when Khatoon put her foot down, and refused to convey their dowry demand to her parents, she was beaten up and strangled to death on Sunday. The deceased's father, Mohammad Hasib, lodged an FIR with the Mahalgaon police station and charged his son-in-law and others with killing his daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13859935", "title": "More showers likely today evening: Met", "text": "NEW DELHI: With monsoon officially declared over Kerala on Tuesday, far-off Delhi was also blessed with rain and thundershowers. The city that had been reeling under a heat wave last week saw 12mm of rainfall on Tuesday afternoon and its temperature dropping by 13 degrees in a matter of two hours. Some parts of the city also reported of hailstorm.According to Met officials, the evening temperature was actually lower than the minimum temperature recorded on Tuesday morning. \"The minimum temperature recorded at the Safdarjung observatory was 29.5 degrees Celsius while Palam recorded a minimum of 28.9 degrees Celsius. In the evening, after it had rained, the temperature came down to 26.9 degrees at Safdarjung and to 26.3 at Palam. The maximum at these places was 40.8 and 42.2 degrees respectively,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.After a reasonably hot morning, Delhiites experienced a duststorm around 3pm. Shortly after that, city witnessed heavy showers that went on for about 15-20 minutes, and left the remaining day highly pleasant and cool. Palam recorded 11mm rain while Pusa and Lodhi Road saw 8mm and 7.2mm rain respectively.\"When the storm started, I was in RK Puram and got caught in the rain and hail storm. By the time it finished, I was completely drenched and had to go back home to change before I could return to my office,\" said Sanjay Singh, an accountant.Westerly winds at speeds of 45-50 kmph had picked up during the thunderstorm, sources reported. There were 10 complaints of trees being uprooted across the city, including areas like Aurangzeb Road, Sarojini Nagar, Connaught Place, Karam Pura, Karol Bagh and Civil Lines.The western disturbance that brought about this change in the capital's weather will continue to remain active over the Himalayan region for another couple of days. \"Even though temperatures have fallen, they are still 2-4 degrees above normal over several parts of northwest India including Punjab, Haryana and east Rajasthan. Under the influence of the western disturbance, rain and thundershowers can be expected over a couple of places in western Himalayan region and at a few other places. Rain and thundershowers can also be expected over some places in Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, UP and Rajasthan,\" said a Met official.Delhi is expected to have minimum and maximum temperatures of 27 degrees and 40 degrees respectively on Wednesday along with a partly cloudy sky. There is also a possibility of thundery development and light rain later in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13858992", "title": "Activists demand probe into youth's death", "text": "HYDERABAD: Objecting to the city police dismissing the death of a youth from Asmangarh during the recent communal riots as a result of a 'playful prank,' human rights activists on Tuesday demanded a probe into the incident by an independent inquiry committee.The youth, Syed Faisal Mujeeb, was a driver with no criminal record and had allegedly jumped to his death while being chased by the police on April 15. In objections filed against the report submitted to the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) by the principal secretary, home, activists demanded that an independent panel be constituted to look into the matter. They also demanded the reconstitution of the minority commission to redress grievances.One of the petitioners, Hasnuddin Ahmed, a retired IAS officer , noted that the police department had arrested many Muslim youth. 'disproportionally'. They also pointed out that of the 27 people arrested by the police, 17 were from the minority community. The petitioners questioned why the 33 suspects from the majority community who were identified in the police commissioner's report as being involved in the communal disturbance were not arrested.Rubbishing the claim of the principal secretary that it was not possible for the police force to 'maintain an absolute balance between the number of persons booked on different sides as it would depend on the facts and circumstances of each incident', the petitioners said that such extra-judicial picking up and harassment of innocent youth could snowball into an irretrievable divide between communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13859781", "title": "Dimple Yadav tries to establish emotional chord with Kannauj", "text": "LUCKNOW: \"A bhabi, a bahu and a beti has come to seek your blessings,\" said Dimple Yadav, wife of Samajwadi Party state president and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , as she launched her election campaign for the Kannauj Lok Sabha bypolls on Tuesday. Addressing an impressive gathering of supporters at SN Inter College grounds in Kannauj, Dimple and her husband made it amply clear that the party is not taking the bypolls lightly despite absence of any serious competition.With the Congress having already decided not to take part in the bypolls and the Bharatiya Janata Party following suit on Tuesday, the only noticeable competition that Dimple may have, is from Bahujan Samaj Party , which is yet to take a call in this matter. \"We have not decided yet on whether the party should take part in the contest or not,\" BSP state president Swami Prasad Maurya said on Tuesday evening.With two more days to go before filing of nominations ends on June 7, the SP on date has a single contender before them - Dashrath Shankwar of Sanyukt Samajwadi Dal (SSAD) - a registered but unrecognized state party. The party had contested the 2012 assembly elections from two seats.However, neither SP nor Dimple appeared to be taking the bypolls lightly. \"I will be the best choice to work for the people of Kannauj, as I am the wife of your chief minister,\" Dimple said in her simple speech that was laced with impromptu improvisations. \"The CM has been your MP three times in a row. He had to vacate the seat only to serve the people of Uttar Pradesh in a better way. I assure you that Kannauj will continue to get the special status that it has had from the SP, all these years. As the wife of your CM, your bahu, your bhabhi and your beti will make sure that Kannauj gets it due and more,\" she said, as the crowds cheered.Once Dimple handed over the microphone to Akhilesh Yadav, the husband made no bones when it came to vote appeals. \"There is an impression that since Dimple is the wife of a chief minister, the battle may not be that tough for her. But, I have no such misconceptions,\" Akhilesh said. The experience of Dimple's first election battle in Firozabad has not been good at all, he said. \"I clearly remember how you people told me that had Dimple contested from Kannauj, she would have won no matter what. Now it will be a big favour on me, if you will send Dimple to the Lok Sabha,\" Akhilesh said.Adding that due to his engagements as CM, he might not be able to focus on Dimple's election campaign the way he wanted to, but the CM assured the crowd that Kannauj will be special for him no matter what. Senior SP leader Shivpal, while addressing the gathering recollected the special bond that the SP has with Kannauj. \"Kannauj has stood by SP all these years and I am sure this will continue for the times to come,\" Shivpal said. Senior SP leader and health minister Ahmed Hasan along with a host of other MPs and senior office bearers of SP were also present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13862045", "title": "B\u2019wood cheers for Madonna", "text": "Manish Malhotra, Tanuj Garg, Sophie Chaudhry gush about the divaMadonna hit the stage running at Abu Dhabi's Yas Island stadium on Sunday in her first ever concert in the Gulf.An estimated 25,000 fans cheered and screamed as the Material Girl finally appeared on stage more than two hours late, wearing a skin-tight black outfit from her Girl Gone Wild album. Brandishing an assault rifle during her hit Revolver, the superstar saluted the emirate of Abu Dhabi, the second stop in her MDNA world tour.Several Bollywood celebrities were spotted in the crowd. Fashion designer Manish Malhotra had even tweeted a picture of him and his friends who travelled to Abu Dhabi for the concert. This included, Tanuj Garg, Sophie Choudhry, Manav Gangwani, Urmila Matondkar , Zayed and Fardeen Khan with their wives.Manish wrote: \"Madonna was superb: show production was spectacular\" but regretfully added, \"Wish Madonna had sung Material Girl, Frozen, Get into the groove.\"Sophie however happier with the show. She tweeted, \"Madonna is truly the Queen of reinvention! The staging and choreography was incredible! Her energy, work ethic and talent are awe inspiring!\" Speaking to Mumbai Mirror, Sophie said, \"My dear friend Manav Gangwani and I went together. And we had the most incredible experience. Madonna's manager Guy Oseary arranged for us to have friend and family passes which meant we were so close to the stage that we could almost touch her.\"Sophie isn't new to Madonna concerts either. But everytime, the diva seems to surprise her. \"Her talent, dedication and ability to constantly reinvent herself are just awe inspiring, said Sophie.About the Abu Dhabi show, she added, \"A lot of people wanted to hear all her old songs but the tour is to promote the music of her new album and I thought the staging and choreography was just mesmerising. The highlights for me were the opening on Girls Gone Wild, Vogue , Like A Prayer and I'm A Sinner. The woman is a legend.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "13861034", "title": "One-eyed tusker found dead", "text": "MADIKERI: A tusker was found dead in the arecanut estate belonging to V H Amanullakhan of Anandapura near Siddapura.Witnesses say the death was because the elephant was involved in a fight with two other elephants.The body was highly decomposed as the pachyderm had died three days ago, but was found only on Tuesday.The tusker was aroud 60 years. The elephant was a regular in these villages since the past 15 years, forest department officials said. Virajpet range forest officer Gopal visited the spot. The tusks are in the forest department's custody. Dr. Umashanakar of Hunsur wildlife range conducted the post mortem.The tusker was well recognized in the villages as it had only one eye. One of the eyes was damaged several years ago and the tusker was called \"Potta Kannu\"(one-eyed).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13858229", "title": "Mandlekar wants controller of examinations to stay out of Nagpur University probe panel", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking a serious note of Nagpur University's flip-flop on BCCA paper leak, former Senate member Dhananjay Mandlekar had on Monday written a letter to controller of examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane, asking him to stay out of second panel constituted to probe the leak.He had earlier written a letter to vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal criticizing him for messing up the issue and thus bringing disgrace to the institution. The paper leak, first exposed by TOI on April 22, has rocked the institution and NU's flip-flop in mishandling the issue is adding to further controversies.\"Despite being a custodian of NU's exam section and its records, Kane was himself part of the panel led by chancellor's nominee Sanjay Khadakkar. Then he was also on the new panel led by Eknath Kathale. Being a statutory officer, he was not supposed to be part of any of these panels,\" Mandlekar told TOI over phone.Mandlekar said that Khadakkar panel had earlier confirmed the leak and also acknowledged that the copies of leaked paper were with the mediapersons, a day before actual exams. It was only on this basis that NU decided to lodge a police complaint. \"But suddenly, they decided to withdraw it and Kane was party to that illegal decision as well. As a university official, the CoE shouldn't be part of any panel as it may vitiate the findings,\" he said.Kane surprisingly feigned ignorance on getting any such letter, despite the fact that it was delivered on Monday. \"I haven't received any letter, but probability is that it may have been received by my office. I will check it before commenting,\" he said.A copy of Mandlekar's letter, in possession to TOI, mentioned that since Kane was member of Khadakkar panel, he had signed on the report confirming the leak. \"As CoE you are the custodian of the exam records and therefore the moderation of the leaked question paper must have been done under your supervision and so also its disbursement for the purposes of conduct of examination. It is on the strength of verification of documents under your custody and on your participation that Khadakkar committee must have come to conclusions to which you have concurred in totality,\" the letter mentioned.Mandlekar termed Kane's remarks denying paper leak as strange considering the fact that an FIR was lodged on the basis of Khadakkar report which was signed by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13858657", "title": "High court grants him bail; Y Sampangi relieved", "text": "BANGALORE: Jailed KGF MLA Y Sampangi has something to cheer. The Karnataka high court on Tuesday granted him bail and also suspended the operation of the verdict of the special Lokayukta court imposing a sentence of 3-and-a-half years RI upon him in the bribery case.Justice V Jagannathan dire8c8ted Sampangi to furnish a perso8nal bond of Rs 1 lakh and two su8reties for like sum and also asked him to deposit the Rs 90,000 fine imposed by the Lokayukta court. He has been told not to leave the country without permission. The judge also ordered notice to Lokayukta police on another application filed by Sampangi seeking a stay on conviction. He posted the matter for hearing on June 18 asking Lokayukta police to file objections.Sampangi, who had filed a criminal revision petition, so8u8ght the court's permission to convert the same into a criminal appeal which enabled him to challenge the conviction also.Pressing for suspension of sentence and stay on conviction, Sampangi's counsel argued that if the conviction is not stayed, there are chances of him losing the membership of the assembly. However, the counsel representing the Lokayukta police opposed both the applications saying that the court needs to hear them before granting any interim relief as it is a special case. Sampangi has claimed that the verdict against him was unjustified as the complainant and other witnesses have been treated as hostile by the special judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "13863179", "title": "Not seeking political asylum in UK: Asif", "text": "KARACHI: Pakistan's shamed pacer Mohammad Asif , who served a jail sentence after being found guilty of spot-fixing, has dismissed speculation that he intended to apply for political asylum in the United Kingdom.\"I am training hard and regularly to keep myself fit and I am also preparing to file appeals against my convictions in the spot-fixing case,\" Asif said.Asif was released from a prison in Canterbury last month after completing a 12-month jail sentence in the spot-fixing case.He has preferred to remain in London and said he was been helping his legal team to finalise his appeal against his two convictions at the Southwark Crown Court that relate to spot-fixing allegations.Asif said he still wished to clear his name in the whole scandal.\"I am training regularly these days. I spend a lot of time speaking to my family on the phone and over the internet. I am hopeful that I will play for Pakistan as I played before.\"He made it clear he had no intentions of applying for political asylum.\"There is no question of applying for political asylum in Britain. Those who run away from Pakistan apply for asylum. I want to return to Pakistan as soon as possible. I intend to return to Pakistan and play for my country,\" he stressed.Asif revealed that he spent the last few weeks assisting his lawyer Ravi Sukul of Balham Chambers with the preparation of the final grounds for appeal the two convictions.Speaking about the help provided by his legal team at the SJS Solicitors, Asif remarked: \"I am very happy with the way my legal team has dealt with my case. They have done a good job on my appeal papers.\"Asif has been granted permission by the Home Office to remain in the UK to assist in the progression of both his appeal against conviction and his appeal against the ICC ban.Ravi Sukul and Savita Sukul of SJS Solicitors said Asif's application to appeal against his convictions is being considered by the Court of Appeal.Ravi Sukul suggested that Asif's appeal against those two convictions is based upon mistakes made by the judge during the trial.The mistakes, according to him, are related to some of the Judge's decisions and the explanation he gave to the jury about the evidence the prosecution brought against Asif.The appeal papers also focus on the fact that the marked \"corrupt\" money was found in the hotel rooms occupied by Salman Butt and Mohammad Aamer but none was found in Asif's room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13859860", "title": "Two vehicle lifters caught after shootout", "text": "GURGAON: After a shootout between police and four vehicle lifters on Monday night, two of the assailants were arrested, while the other two fled. A Ford Endeavour as well as a country-made pistol was recovered from them and they have been sent to judicial custody after being produced in a city court.According to the Sector 46 police, they had received information about four youths, who were planning to rob vehicles on the Sihi Sikanderpur road near Kherki Dhaula. The gang is believed to have stolen many vehicles at gunpoint in the past.The two accused, who were caught, have been identified as Ravindra alias Lala, a resident of Burari, Delhi, and Pardeep, resident of Bulandshahr, Uttar Pradesh. They also disclosed the names of their other two aides as Deepak alias Aakash, a resident of Meerut, Uttar Pradesh and Dhiraj, a resident of Delhi.It was a trap laid by the cops that led to the accused being nabbed. A Chevrolet Travera driven by a constable was made to cross the area where the accused were standing. As soon as the criminals stopped the car, the driver blinked the lights of the car in a signal and police reached the spot in a gipsy.Police said that the car recovered from them was stolen from Gurgaon a few days ago and that the accused had used a fake number plate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13861008", "title": "A date with environment", "text": "MYSORE: Techies with Infosys on Tuesday joined hands with Mysore City Corporation to launch a clean-up drive atop Chamundi Hills to mark Environment Day.Social Forum to Enable the Needy (Soften), an initiative run by Infosys employees at the Mysore campus, and Chamundi Hills GP organized the drive to help employees engage in community service and eliminate non-bio-degradable waste littered on the footsteps leading up to the top of the pilgrimage site. Some 60 techies and their family members pitched in with the volunteers kick-starting the campaign. Equipped with latex gloves and carrybags to ensure that all the waste is eliminated, the drive lasted for three hours, at the end of which the volunteers collected 60 bags of garbage. The garbage was sent to solid waste management plant.Meanwhile, city kept its date with the event with several programmes aimed at conservation. Some 150 cyclists, including doctors, took out a cycle rally hosted by ColumbiaAsia Hospital. They pedalled 25km across the city to spread the message. DC P S Vastrad ZP CEO Ajay Nagbushan too cycled.Organization for Development of People (ODP), an NGO working for the welfare of the poor, held a cycle rally in which some 500 students of St Philomena's institutions, took part. Around 100 members attached to Youth Club at the Mysore Zoo took out a walkathon from the DC's office to the conservation centre. Police commissioner K L Sudheer flagged it off. As part of the event, an expo of wildlife photographs shot by noted photographer Thippeswamy was opened at the zoo.Mysore Youth Forum marked the day by launching a drive to plant saplings. The monthlong drive is aimed at motivating Mysoreans to get involved in the campaign to preserve greenery. The forum will be planting trees in Vijayanagar, Gokulum, Jayalakshmipuram, People's Park and Vontikoppal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13859847", "title": "Girl injured by bullet-shaped object, cops puzzled", "text": "GUWAHATI: A girl was hit by a metal piece, suspected to be either a splinter or bullet, at Rupnagar's Pragati Path in the city on Tuesday. The incident occurred at the residence of Mahadev Talukdar at 1.15 pm when a bullet-shaped object pierced through the roof and injured his 15-year-old daughter, Barasha. With minor injuries, she was rushed to GMCH and later released after treatment. \"Barasha, her grandmother and her mother were talking inside the kitchen when the object hit the victim's right hand. Police came and took away the metal body,\" said Renu Nath, a neighbour who was present during the incident. Police, meanwhile, seem puzzled. \"The metal body seems like a 7.6 mm SLR bullet. But it's in a damaged state and we need to verify this,\" said a policeman of Bhangagarh PS. Locals suspect that someone from a nearby area must have fired a gun. \"There are high buildings next to his house. Maybe someone fired while cleaning or repairing a gun,\" said a local.City SSP Apurba Jibon Barua, however, discarded the bullet theory. \"If it was gunfire, then there would have been a sound. But no one heard anything. Often, people do controlled explosions for construction illegally and we can't overrule the possibility as the area is hilly,\" said the SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13860101", "title": "Few takers for secured numberplates", "text": "NEW DELHI: The high security registration plate scheme seems to have hit a roadblock. Officials in the transport department say that though secure numberplates are now available at most regional transport offices, new vehicle owners seem unwilling to switch to them.\"Though new vehicles pay the fee for the high security numberplate at the time of registration, only a few are turning up at the high security registration plate (HSRP) centres to accept them,\" said a senior government official. The transport department is now mulling ways to get a better response. \"Since two years have been given to switch to secure number plates, we cannot force ownsers to acquire the new numberplates. It is a voluntary exercise,\" said the official.Officials claim that efforts have been made to get a better response, including sending text messages to the person in whose name the vehicle is registered.\"Since the owner pays the fee at the time of registering the vehicle, the secure numberplates are kept ready for distribution. SMSs are sent to the owner to pick up the registration plates but in many cases, owners have not turned up,\" added the official. Interestingly, while the response in Burari RTO has been quite good, sources said other RTOs were yet to pick up.The situation is expected to be more chaotic once the deadline for older vehicles also comes up. From June 15, vehicles that are on the roads already will have to get the secure number plates installed as well. The department is looking for a plan to not only accommodate the new vehicle owners but also the older vehicles. According to officials, the centres have the capacity to handle a certain number of vehicles every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13860032", "title": "Congress, BSP stage walkouts on VAT, wheat purchase centres", "text": "LUCKNOW: Noisy scenes marred the proceedings in UP assembly on Tuesday with Congress and the Bahujan Samaj Party staging separate walkouts to press their demands for cuts in VAT on diesel/petrol and checking alleged irregularities in wheat procurement centres respectively.Raising the issue during Zero Hour, Indrajit Saroj of BSP alleged that irregularities were rampant at wheat purchase centres in the state and demanded admission of their adjournment notice in this regard.He said that against the target of 42 lakh metric tonnes of wheat purchase, only 32 metric tonnes have been procured so far. \"Middlemen have become rich while poor farmers are being made to set their harvest on fire,\" he said.Supporting his charges, leader of the Opposition Swami Prasad Maurya claimed that chief minister Akhilesh Yadav was aware of the irregularities as he and his ministers undertook surprise inspections at some purchase centres. However, these inspections had brought about no change in the situation as farmers are still being exploited by middlemen with the help of corrupt officials. Maurya said the government stood exposed for its pro-farmer stand due to the neglect of farmers under its rule.Rejecting their charges, parliamentary affairs minister Azam Khan alleged that middlemen ruled the roost during the previous government.Stressing that the SP government was committed to improving the lot of farmers, Khan said chief minister braved the summer heat to inspect the purchase centres \"rather than inspecting stone memorials (a reference to former chief minister Mayawati ) and mammoth marble statues of elephants erected here and there in the parks\".Maurya said his party had expected that the minister would take note of the problem of farmers but rued that he instead tried to make the mockery of the issue by talking about elephant - the BSP symbol. The government, he said, should not forget that the elephant was capable of trampling it at the right time.Expressing dissatisfaction over Azam's reply, Maurya along with his partymen staged a walk out on the issue.Earlier, during the Question Hour, Congress members raised the issue of petrol price hike and demanded that the state government should reduce VAT on petrol.Congress MLAs Mukesh Srivastava and Pramod Tewari cited examples of neighboring states which have reduced VAT on petrol and sought to know whether UP government would follow suit.When minister of state for planning Farid Mehfooz Kidwai refused to entertain their demand saying VAT rates in UP were lower than neighboring Uttarakhand and rates are decided as limited resources in a logical manner, the Congress members staged a walked out.Meanwhile, in a written reply to a question, the government said it was against forcible implementation of family planning measures in the state.Replying to supplementaries on a question by Suresh Kumar Khanna of BJP, parliamentary affairs minister Azam Khan said the China model could not be followed in a democratic set up. Measures like creating awareness and motivating people were showing results in the state, he said, adding that those who implemented the measures during Emergency had not returned to power in the state.To this, Pramod Tiwari reminded the minister that the Congress had formed its government twice in UP --1980 and 1985. But, he hurriedly added that even the Congress was not in favour of forcible implementation of family planning measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13859965", "title": "World Bank project aims to improve UP's health scenario", "text": "LUCKNOW: An eight-member World Bank team, led by task team leader Vikram Rajan, has completed its first post signing mission to discuss implementation readiness of the Uttar Pradesh Health Systems Strengthening Project, as it prepares for its formal launch next week. The $152 million project aims to finance efforts to help improving the efficiency, quality, and accountability of health services in the state. The mission team interacted with Mukesh Kumar Meshram, project director and mission director (NRHM), UP and the project support unit UPHSSP.During the mission, the project team identified the new specialist cells, which need to be set up in the directorate of medical health for strengthening the health system functions of the state. These cells include the electronic data processing-data resource centre, quality assurance cell, public-private partnership cell and the environment management cell.\"With the project becoming effective on May 25, 2012, the mission focused on agreeing on steps to ensure speedy implementation. New cells at DOMH, aimed at better health data and quality management and a more effective engagement with the private sector, are being set up. There is also agreement on strengthening the planning function as well as the communication function of the directorate,\" said Rajan, Task Team Leader, World Bank. \"The Government of UP is keen to ensure that the project is responsive to the needs of consumers of health services across the state. The Bank will actively support the implementation of robust communications and grievance redressal mechanism, to help meet this objective,\" he said.The team also discussed several of the new health initiatives recently announced by the government, including strengthening the procurement and supply chain management under the Central Medical Stores Department and the grievance redressal systems. Many of these initiatives and others such as accreditation of hospitals to improve quality of healthcare, will be supported by UPHSSP.\"UPHSSP will support the health directorate by strengthening its institutional, procurement and supply chain management capacities. UPHSSP will fulfil the gaps and complete the process of NABH accreditation of 20 hospitals where gap analysis has already been completed by the department. Preparatory training of medical and para-medical staff of these hospitals has also been initiated. The project will undertake a gap analysis of 130 hospitals out of which 40 hospitals will be accredited during the project period,\" said Meshram, project director, UPHSSP. \"The monitoring mechanism for procurement and supply chain management of drugs is also under process to ensure proper and transparent distribution of medicine to the beneficiaries in the hospitals.\"The $152 million Uttar Pradesh Health Systems Strengthening Project will comprise two main components; the first focusing on strengthening the department of health's management and accountability systems. In this context, the project will improve, planning capacities, information flows and data inputs to enable policy-makers to monitor and manage service delivery in UP in a better way.The second component will support the state government in improving the health department's capacity to perform its quality assurance role and engage more effectively with the private sector, which is already a significant player in the UP health system. Other quality enhancement interventions supported by the project include the development and implementation of regulatory functions such as transparent licensing, strengthening the accreditation programme and quality enhancement in public sector hospitals in order to bring quality health services to its people, especially the poor.This project will be financed by a credit from the International Development Association (IDA) - the World Bank's concessionary lending arm - with a final maturity of 25 years including a grace period of five years and a 1.25% interest rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13859579", "title": "Cops rescue Lucknow engineer from kidnappers' clutches", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a major breakthrough, Lucknow police on Tuesday evening busted an entire gang of eight kidnappers who abducted an engineer from Vikas Nagar on Monday morning and demanded a ransom of Rs 2 crore for his safe release. Police also recovered a factory-made sophisticated pistol and a revolver each apart from a Scorpio, and half a dozen mobile phones from the possession of the gang.Initial investigations revealed that mastermind behind the crime was a graduate from Gorakhpur University who had earlier worked with the victim's firm. Most of those rounded up hailed from Sant Kabir Nagar and adjoining districts. Further interrogation of accused was under way at the time of going to the press. The IG announced a cash reward of Rs 5,000 to the police team which rescued Anil safe and arrested the entire gang involved in the crime.An engineering consultant , Anil Srivastava (55) and driver Ram Pher had left his Vikas Nagar residence on his Honda City car on Monday morning for Scorpio Club on Kursi Road to oversee the construction of his new house and went untraceable thereafter. At around 6 pm on Monday, Anil himself called up his elder brother Gopal Srivastava on his cell phone requesting him to arrange for Rs 15 lakh. Audibly uncomfortable, he refused to provide any further details on phone and hung up saying that he would call up later.At around 8 pm, Anil Kumar's wife received the second call. This time it was one of the kidnappers calling from her husband's cell phone. he infromed her about the kidnapping and demanding a ransom of Rs 2 crore. He also got Anil on the line to establish that he was in their custody and forced him to direct his wife to arrange for the money and wait for their next call. Once the kidnapping was confirmed, the family members approached the Lucknow district police chief Inspector General (IG) Ashutosh Pandey and appraised him about the incident.Pandey deputed a core team of investigators led by circle officer (CO) Mahanagar, Habeebul Hasan and station officer, Vikas Nagar, Sri Ram Babu Yadav, to trace the locations from where the ransom calls were being made. Within the next couple of hours police teams were dispatched to Sant Kabir Nagar, Faizabad and Basti on the basis of the location details of ransom calls. With the ground work done, police then waited for the next ransom call which came around 2 pm on Tuesday. This time the kidnappers agreed to negotiate and finally agreed to set Anil free for Rs 20 lakh.On the directions of the police, the family members continued to negotiate on the ransom amount to the extent that the kidnappers finally agreed for Rs 10 lakh.The family was asked to deliver the cash at a location in Aliganj area of Lucknow. Accompanied by a policeman in civvies, Anil's brother-in-law and elder brother reached the designated spot with superintendent of police (SP), Trans Gomti, Sriram Bahadur, and circle officer (Ghazipur) DySP Vishal Pandey and their teams in civvies in tow.Meanshilw, another team spotted Anil's Honda City near HAL which was being driven by his driver while another person had occupied the front seat. When apprehended, they informed them that kidnappers had taken Anil to Sant Kabir Nagar and he had already been brought to the city on an SUV and they had gone to collect the ransom. The police sounded an alert about this vehicle bearing Karnataka number.The vehicle was spotted near GSI, Aliganj. As one of the suspected kidnappers tried to approach the person supposedly carrying the ransom, the police team pounced on him. Tracking the location of the remaining gang members they managed to arrest the entire gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "guwahati/ kokrajhar", "code": "13860288", "title": "World Environment Day: Green Marathon to mark the event", "text": "GUWAHATI/ KOKRAJHAR: A total of 179 people took part in the Green Marathon on the occasion of World Environment Day at Bokakhat in Golaghat district on Tuesday. The participants ran 22km from Bokakhat to Kohora, the central range of Kaziranga National Park.State minister for environment and forest Rockybul Hussain flagged off the marathon, organised by Aaranyak in collaboration with Bokakhat district Master Athletic Association, the forest department and the Bokakhat civil administration. A cash prize of Rs 10,000 was presented to Shomezuddin Ahmed of Kamrup, who came first in the Green Marathon. The first and second runners were Bijoy Deka of Jorhat and Robin Das of Barpeta, who won cash awards of Rs 7,000 and Rs 5,000 respectively.Several other organizations, including government bodies, also observed World Environment Day. The 135 Eco Task Force of the Territorial Army launched a plantation-cum-cleanliness drive in Kokrajhar. The programme started with tree plantation at Kendriya Vidyalaya, Kokrajhar where about 100 saplings were planted. A total of 200 saplings were distributed among the students for planting at their homes. Addressing the gathering, Lt Col KS Jaggi, commanding officer of 135 ETF, said that the force is always ready to provide saplings and any other help to the people if they want to plant saplings.World Enviroment Day was also observed at Raj Bhawan where governor J B Patnaik interacted with students and teachers on environmental issues. He also planted a neem sapling at Raj Bhawan.Saplings were distributed among students as well. The event was organised in collaboration with the Centre for Environment Education (CEE), northeast.Guwahati Refinery too celebrated the 40th World Environment Day by involving men, women and children in a programme on the banks of the Brahmaputra. The programme started with the planting of saplings. Executive director BP Das was present at the programme along with other officials of the refinery.Help Earth, a biodiversity conservation NGO, conducted an awareness workshop on snakebites at Keutpara Prathamik Vidyalaya in Azara area of Kamrup district. The workshop was organised for the students and the fisherman community of Deepor Beel, a Ramsar site wetland. The workshop was organised keeping in mind the death of a woman in this village last year due to snakebite. Jayaditya Purkayastha of Help Earth also taught participants to identify venomous snakes besides demonstrating first-aid techniques for snake bites.The Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC), in association with an NGO, BiofreshNext, organized a mass tree plantation drive in the city. GMDA chairman and east Guwahati MLA Captain Robin Bordoloi, Assamese actress Rimpy Das, participated in the programme among other dignitaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13828592", "title": "Girl child's life worth Rs 2,000 in Maharashtra's Beed district?", "text": "MUMBAI: Beed district in Maharashtra has grown infamous after the alleged abortion of five female fetuses came to light recently. In an indication of the sad state of affairs, TOI has found that the life of a girl child could be worth merely Rs 2,000. More shockingly, these practices could have been curbed at least two years ago with activists saying they had informed state health officials about the goings-on.A sting operation by an NGO in 2010 on Dr Sudam Munde-in the spotlight recently for conducting an abortion on a 28-year-old woman in the third trimester, who allegedly died during the surgery-revealed that he indulged in sex selection and female feticide, and admitted to \"taking care of the disposal\" of fetuses.Beed district residents say he disposed of the fetuses by feeding them to dogs. The activists believe that if action had been taken against the doctor two years ago, many girl children could have been saved since. Sources say the doctor evaded punishment as he is a close relative of a senior state Bharatiya Janata Party leader.On Monday, the police conducted an assessment of Munde's property and have submitted an application to the Ambejogai sessions court that they be allowed to attach it. According to the government's evaluation, Munde's assets total up to Rs 150 crore.Varsha Deshpande of Lek Ladki Abhiyan, the NGO working against the practice, said the doctor spoke in the sting about how an abortion could be conducted without evidence. \"A pregnant volunteer went to Dr Munde's clinic along with two witnesses to conduct the sting. About 90 women-from districts across Maharashtra and border areas of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh--were waiting for sex determination tests that day. A staffer told our volunteer that 25-40 abortions were done per day,\" said Deshpande.The doctor would tell the patient in a code form whether the foetus is male or female: '16' on the patient's form would mean it was a boy-the digit '6' standing for 'b'-and '19'-nine for 'g' if it was a girl, said Deshpande, adding that it cost a pregnant woman Rs 500 to determine the sex of a child and Rs 2,000 for foeticide. \"When patients voiced inability to get rid of dead foetuses, the doctor would feed them to his eight dogs, put them in wells, or strew them across his 147-acre farm,\" she said.Even though Munde has been arrested by the police twice after the sting, he has been let off on bail. He and his wife have been absconding since the death of the 28-year-old woman.\"Doctors have avoided punishment and become brazen due to strong political backing. We hope there will be justice now,\" said Dr A L Sharada, director of the NGO Population First's Laadli campaign. State health minister Suresh Shetty said Munde's bail will be cancelled. \"Our officers will approach court. The director-general of police has been informed and he should be nabbed soon. The CID is conducting an independent probe and only when its report it out will we be able to establish all accusations against the doctor.\"Times ViewLaw-enforcing agencies, which do not clamp down on sex-selective abortions despite strong evidence, are equal partners in this crime against humanity. It's also a sad commentary on our politicians if it's true that there was political pressure to go soft on alleged offenders. It's unfortunate that only media glare and clamour from activists can get government agencies to act in a way that they are required to by law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13859094", "title": "Indore all set to observe Venus transit, solar filters at 18 places", "text": "INDORE: Children Science Centre, Indore, has made special arrangements for watching of the rare astronomical phenomenon of Venus Transit on Wednesday. It has installed free solar filters at 18 places in the city. The event can also be watched live on a big screen between 5.40 am and 10.22 am at Press Information Bureau office. There will be an arrangement for telescope photography and video shooting at Space Organization, 305, Sai Kripa Colony near Bombay Hospital, said an official spokesman. Some of the other places where the event can be watched safely include CB Girls High School, Mhow, and Al Hira Public School, added the spokesman.The space observatory of physics department at IPS Academy, Indore, will also show the event live from 6.30 am till it gets over. They will show it through the largest telescope of the central India.M L Sharma, director, Institute of Science and Laboratory Education at IPS Academy, said the department of physics at the institute is arranging to display it on a large screen with the help of LCD projectors in the institute's campus at Rajendra Nagar.Breakthrough Science Society has also selected three places for organizing the live show of the event including Nehru Park, Nehru Stadium and Lalbagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13858103", "title": "2 held for killing student", "text": "GURGAON: Two men have been arrested for allegedly murdering a Delhi college student in Gurgaon who had a relationship with the sister of one of the accused. They had allegedly beat Vishal to death and dumped his body near a canal in Dhankot village a week ago.\"We have arrested Himanshu Sharma (21) and Vikram Kataria (20), residents of Gurgaon,\" police said. One of the accused is doing a hotel management course while the other runs a car service station.According to police, Himanshu's sister Shristi, studying in BA 2nd year, and Vishal, her junior in college, were good friends. Himanshu came to know about their friendship recently and didn't approve of it. Himanshu then planned with Vikram to warn Vishal to stay away from his sister.Cops said that on May 29, Himanshu had called Vishal on his mobile phone and , introducing himself as Rahul andasked the victim to meet him. When they met, Himanshu offered beer to Vishal to win his confidence and the three went on a bike towards Dhankot. On the way, they had beer and Himanshu warned Vishal. When Vishal stood his ground, Himanshu hit the victim on his head with a beer bottle and beat him to death. Himanshu and Vikram then dumped the body and fled on their bike.A day later the accused went to Hardwar.Rajeev, a relative of Vishal, has claimed Vishal was threatened by the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13858089", "title": "Cheated by lover, woman tries to end life", "text": "NAGPUR: Cheated by her lover, a middle-aged woman tried to commit suicide by taking overdose of drugs. The victim, Reshma Jadhav (name changed) walked into the crime branch, but did not inform the police about taking drugs until she fainted an hour later.Women cops rushed her to Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH).For last four years, Reshma, a saleswoman and mother of two daughters, was having an extramarital affair with an unmarried person Venkatesh Mudliar, who is in his 30s. Mudliar belongs to an affluent family at Sai Nagar. Since Reshma's husband was a drunkard and unemployed, she left him. In 2009, Reshma worked in the same apartment where Mudliar stays and fell in love with him.Assuring her of marriage, Mudliar also had physical relationship with her. Reshma said that in March, Mudliar refused to marry her and since then, he started abusing her and her daughter.Reshma said that she was shocked when she noticed that Mudliar had wrong intention for her 13-year old elder daughter. \"I insisted him for marriage, but he refused. Once, my daughter also found his intention wrong and avoided him. But he abused me and my daughter,\" she said.Mudliar also warned Reshma that he would kidnap and sell her daughter in the red light area, she said. Initially, Reshma ignored him. Later when Mudliar continued threatening and creating a scene at their house, she approached Ajni police.She said that in April, Ajni police assured her of taking action, but first insisted that she attends counselling session. She added that on Monday, Mudliar abused her publicly and so out of depression, she had decided to take the drastic step. However, Ajni police denied the charges and claimed that it was their personal dispute. Crime branch police and Ajni police have assured of taking action against Mudliar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13858916", "title": "6 arrested for clash in Old Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Six out of the seven persons allegedly involved in a clash in the Bhadrakali locality in the Old Nashik area of the city, were remanded in police custody for two days by a local court on Tuesday. Police said that seven persons were involved in the clash, but one of the accused is still at large. The Bhadrakali police said four accused were arrested on Monday night after the clash broke out, while one was arrested Tuesday morning.An argument over gambling money took an ugly turn in the Nanawali area of Bhadrakali near Amardham on Monday night, with two groups from two different communities clashing against each other and resorting to stone-pelting. However, the intervention by the city police brought things under control before the violence could take a communal form.According to reports, an argument broke out between four youths , Rupesh Sase, Adil, Munir and Vajir, in the Nanawali area while they were gambling. Within a matter of some time, the argument turned violent, and one of the youths was beaten up by the other three.As soon as news of the incident spread, the injured youth's two brothers and a group of their friends came to demand an explanation from the other three youths involved in the skirmish.Subsequently, a mob of nearly 100 youth from the Nanawali and Bhoiwada area gathered at Shivaji Chowk and started pelting stones at one another. According to police reports, the huge mob stayed in the Shivaji Chowk area for nearly half an hour and news of the clash spread across the Old Nashik area, with shopkeepers downing shutters and passersby running away from the scene.DCP Sahebrao Patil, ACP Ganesh Shinde and senior police inspector Bajirao Bhosale rushed to the spot with additional police reinforcement to bring the situation under control. Four accused, Munna alias Nasir Shaikh, Asif Khalif khan, Tanvir Akil Shaikh and Samir were arrested on the same night as the incident, while another accused named Bhiku was arrested early Tuesday morning. Another accused in the case was absconding till Tuesday.The accused were produced before a local court, which remanded them in police custody until June 7. Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13858495", "title": "Swimming pool death: Thane teenager laid to rest", "text": "THANE: The 16-year-old Thane teenager, who drowned in a swimming pool in Lonavla on Sunday, was a go-getter and a bright student. Shibani Sen loved swimming, music and painting and was training as a drummer as she wanted to perform in front of her parents and younger brother.\"She was the apple of our eyes. It was on her insistence that her father sent her to an international school in Lonavala as she was not happy with schools here. She was not only a gifted painter, but also an ace swimmer and a bright student,'' said her grandmother.Fate, however, choose otherwise for the talented teen who drowned in the swimming pool of Cathedral Vidya school in Lonavala as she was unable to free herself from the suction drain.The Sens completed Shibani's last rites.\"We have not yet informed Shibani's seven-year-old brother about her death. Her parents have gone to Lonavla to pick up her things,\" the grandmother told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13859813", "title": "Bypass projects to spark green massacre in Kolkata; experts sound alarm", "text": "KOLKATA: On World Environment Day, a greenery check in Kolkata revealed a grim picture. The city is set to lose 3,500 trees in the next three or four months to four transport projects that will connect the northern part of the city to the western and southern fringes along the EM Bypass. That is the official count. At least 5,000 more trees are set to be chopped to widen the Bypass for which no compensatory plantation has been planned. Green activists pointed out that this was the biggest tree-slaughter that Kolkata has seen in many years and fear that the city's bio-diversity might never recover from the loss.As many as 1,650 trees will have to be sacrificed along the Bypass median to make way for the New Garia-Airport Metro corridor. While half of them have already been chopped between Patuli and Science City, more than double the number has been earmarked for sacrifice along the flanks for widening of the road. Hundreds of them have already been axed.Even though the agencies involved claim to have set the ball rolling to initiate compensatory plantation, which makes it mandatory to plant at least five trees for every plant axed, the process remains in a limbo. While Rail Vikas Nigam \u2014 which is in charge of the New Garia-Airport Metro project \u2014 has handed over the funds for compensatory plantation to the forest department, the latter is yet to receive it. Neither the Nigam nor the forest department has any idea if trees sacrificed to widen the Bypass qualify for a compensatory plantation.\"We have not yet received any proposal from the Nigam. We will consider it if a scheme reaches us,\" said Mirza Asghar Sultan, principal chief conservator of forests.More than a thousand trees have been chopped towards the northern end of the Bypass between Beliaghata connector and Dattabad. These have been sacrificed to make way for both the East-West Metro project. Around 400 more have been felled between Chingrighata and Sector V for the Garia-Airport Metro project. More than a hundred have been axed for the VIP Road flyover.The Railway Vikas Nigam, on the other hand, said it was interacting with the forest department to carry out compensatory plantation. \"We are in talks with them and are compiling data. There are certain issues that need to be sorted out. We hope to be able to work out a definite plan by the end of this week,\" said Y S Yadav, chief project manager of the Nigam.A meeting was recently held to discuss compensatory plantation at the East Kolkata Wetland Authority (EKWA) office. It was attended by railway and forest department officials. While the Authority has suggested that trees could be planted at the wetlands as a compensatory measure, the railway is believed to have handed over funds required to off-set the loss to the forest department. But the officials failed to finalize the locations for compensatory plantation. \"The fund has been transferred and the forest department has been intimated,\" said an EKWA official.The state environment department, too, was in the dark about the Bypass chopping. It will soon embark on a tree plantation programme across the state on a massive scale, though, said environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar. \"We will start a state-wide tree plantation programme soon with the forest department's assistance. We are stressing on it to increase and protect greenery,\" said Ghosh Dastidar.The department organised a day-long programme to observe World Environment Day on Tuesday. Officials said that the EKWA has started on a tree plantation programme at the wetland area to boost greenery. The wetland authorities were also planting saplings in Salt Lake.At least four reputable private companies have joined the plantation campaign. \"While it's heartening to note that an effort is being made to plant trees, the agencies concerned should come clean on the Bypass compensatory programme. It's still not clear if it was going to be done by the railways or the forest department. We need to sort this out soon. Only then can we take up the compensation issue for trees being chopped along the flanks\", said Dipayan De, chairperson of the South Asian Forum for Environment (SAFE), a green NGO.Green activist Subhas Datta said it was shocking that trees chopped to widen the Bypass were not being compensated. \"No compensatory plantation programme has ever been carried out diligently in Kolkata. This one, too, is going to be eyewash. Or else, why are the authorities not considering the trees felled along the flanks for compensation,\" asked Datta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "taipei", "code": "13862380", "title": "Intel bets on ultrabooks to take on Apple's iPad", "text": "TAIPEI: The personal computer (PC) market is in a state of flux. As the iPad continues to set new sales records, it has started to eat into the laptop market. At Computex 2012, the world's largest computer exhibition, Intel asserted that PC continues to be relevant and unveiled the next- generation ultrabooks in a bid to stave off the stiff challenge from Apple's tablet.Ultrabooks, which are sleeker, lighter and have premium finish compared to normal laptops, were announced at the last year's Computex. Intel said that this year it is adding a number of new features like voice controls, instant boot, touchscreens and near field communication chip, which allows instant file transfer between devices, to ultrabooks to make them more appealing to users. Incidentally, all these features are hallmark of tablets.\"According to a survey last year, 66% students across the world say a PC is the most important device in their life. Especially when it comes to creating content, there is no substitute to PC software,\" Tom Kilroy, Intel's senior vice president, said as he unveiled a bevy of ultrabooks. \"At the same time, our life experiences are defined by our senses -- by what we see, hear and touch. Ultrabooks offer best of both worlds. We can give users no-compromise, must-have computing experience.\"The \"no compromise\" is a dig at tablets like iPad that excel at content consumption like watching films but are not too suitable for content creation tasks like video editing.In its quest, Intel, which has over 80% share in PC market, is helped by Windows 8, the next version of popular operating software that will be launched by Microsoft in a few months. Microsoft too is facing a crisis due to the popularity of iPad and with Windows 8 it is hoping to get a foothold in the tablet market.The new OS is a complete redesign of the Windows as people know it and has better support for devices with touchscreens. When paired with an Intel or AMD processor, it can run all the programs on which PC users currently rely.Intel said that in the coming months its hardware partners will launch over 110 ultrabooks. Of the particular note are convertibles or hybrid ultrabooks, which will allow users to transform the devices into a tablet or a laptop, depending on their need.\"Convertibles with Windows 8 are a real game-changer as they simplify consumers' computing life by combining two devices. But to be really successful, they need to be thin and light enough to serve as a good tablet,\" said Patrick Moorehead, a PC industry veteran and president at Moor Insights and Strategy, a consulting firm.However, Apple CEO Tim Cook recently brushed off the suggestion that hybrid ultrabooks could challenge iPad. \"You can converge a toaster and a refrigerator, but those aren't going to be pleasing to the user,\" he said. \"We are not going to that party, but others might from a defensive point of view.\"After being announced last year, ultrabooks have not really set the market on fire so far. Vishal Tripathi, a principal research analyst with Gartner, said high prices have proved to be a problem. \"In a country like India we are not seeing a mass adoption due to high prices,\" he said. \"Though hybrid devices look interesting and if they can come with features like support for 3G SIM, tablet buyers may consider them.\"Karen Regis, director of consumer client marketing at Intel, said the company is working to bring down the cost of ultrabooks. While originally ultrabooks were supposed to have an all-aluminium body, this year consumers will also see such devices built with specially-engineered plastic composites.\"Bringing down prices will definitely help Intel providing the company doesn't end up cutting corners and compromising too much. People buy ultrabooks for sleek design and premium finish. That should be maintained,\" said Tripathi.Regis added that Intel has also launched its biggest marketing program since the Centrino campaign in 2003 to promote ultrabooks. The program started in India a few weeks ago.(The writer is at the Computex at the invitation of Intel)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13858652", "title": "Poster war: Modi-Joshi feud spills onto streets", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In 2002, then prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee had triggered a debate within the BJP on the future of Narendra Modi .His advice to the Gujarat chief minister to maintain 'rajdharma' nearly cost Modi his job. But he survived, thanks to support from his mentor, L K Advani. The rest, as the cliche goes, is history.A decade later, Vajpayee's words have returned to haunt Modi. Posters with the line, \"Chhote man se koi bada nai hota, toote man se koi khada nahi hota (None can become big with a petty mindset; none can rise without conviction) sprung up at strategic locations in Delhi and Ahmedabad late on Monday evening.The posters, with pictures of Modi's bete noire Sanjay Joshi, only underscored the divide within the party. The catch-line: \"Kaho dil se, Sanjay Joshi phir se,\" sent BJP workers in the two cities scurrying to tear down these posters.Incidentally, these lines were spoken by party president Nitin Gadkari during the BJP's national executive in Indore in 2010 to highlight the infighting that led to the party's defeat in 2009.The poster appeared opposite the BJP headquarters in New Delhi and other locations two days after Modi met an ailing Vajpayee.Although the BJP leadership played down the incident, the fact that this was part of the ongoing skirmish between the supporters of the two leaders was not lost on anybody.The Joshi versus Modi fight is also being seen as an RSS versus BJP friction, where Joshi has RSS chief Mohan Rao Bhagwat's backing and Modi is an important BJP leader who cannot be ignored even by the party leadership.BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said, \"These were not authorized banners and posters of the party, so I do not have to say anything about them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-06"}
