{"city": "None", "code": "11472441", "title": "Rocking with Brian Lara in Kolkata", "text": "Revellers at Tantra, The Park, have never had it this good. Just as the music was pumped up and the dance floor started bursting at the seams around 1.30 am on Wednesday, in walked cricketer Brian Lara .While all eyes were fixed on him, Lara chose to oblige shutterbugs, autograph-seekers and cricket enthusiasts by shaking hands with them and posing for them for photographs.As DJs Vishal, Joy and Hussain unleashed some killer tunes from their turntable, Lara too got into the mood to shake a leg or two. We caught him in a merry mood as he chatted with model Srabani and even accompanied her to the dance floor. Elsewhere, we spotted girl gangs raising a toast to, who knows, Lara, maybe!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469570", "title": "Mehsana, shame of India!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mehsana town has notched the shameful distinction of having the lowest child sex ratio among urban centres in India. With only 760 girls per 1,000 boys in the 0-6 year age group, Mehsana has hit the lowest ebb on the gender index, according to just-released Census 2011 figures.The town, with a population of 1.9 lakh, has 7,753 girls against 10,203 boys in the 0-6 year age group. With a literacy rate of 90% and dominated by influential and affluent Patels, this is a reflection of a strong bias against the girl child in this north Gujarat town. The Census figures are available for towns with more than one lakh population.Mehsana is the only city from Gujarat that figures on the list having a child sex ratio less than 800. Mehsana is followed by twin cities Sonipat and Bahadurgarh of Haryana that have child sex ratio of 784. In fact, Haryana has three cities with less than 800 child sex ratio, the third one being Rohtak (793 girls). Agra, in UP, too reflects little love for the girl child - it has only 790 girls per 1,000 boys.Unfortunately, Mehsana's national infamy is a continuation of the alarming situation unearthed in 2001, when it was revealed that the district had a low child sex ratio of 801.While the district has improved its tally in 2011 to 845, the main town continues to languish. Gujarat's sex ratio has only marginally improved from 883 girls per thousand boys in 2001 to 886 in 2011.Social activist Prakash Modi of Young Citizen Group says getting a sex determination test on the sly is easy for most well-off families in north Gujarat where the gender bias is strong.Mehsana district collector Rajkumar Beniwal says there are 90 registered sonography machines in the town. Of these, seven machines were sealed in the past under Pre-Conception Pre Natal Diagnostics Test Act. Beniwal has been sending letters to each pregnant mother urging them not to discriminate between a boy and a girl and also informing them that sex determination is illegal.\"The Patel community introduced fee waivers for educating the girl child and promoting awareness against sex determination. But the damage done in the past continues to reflect even now. We have to make more efforts to bring a social change,\" says Anil Patel, former minister and president of Umiya Mataji Mandir Sansthan, the trust of the local deity revered by Patels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11469353", "title": "GSCW asks Panaji cops for rape report", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa State Commission for Women (GSCW) has asked the Panaji police for a report on the alleged rape of a 17-year-old student by her art teacher, well-known artist Kanhaiya Naik.GSCW chairperson Ezilda Sapeco said, \"We wrote to the police on Wednesday asking for a complete report on the rape case.\"The commission has also asked the Panaji PI to submit if there was any delay in the registration of the case and if so, why.\"We have sought the victim's medical report and the girl's statement as well,\" said Sapeco. To a question, she said the girl's family had not approached the commission.Naik, who is charged under IPC Sections 376 (rape), 341 (wrongful confinement), 354 (outraging modesty) and Section 8(2) of Goa Children's Act (sexual assault), is yet to be arrested. The 45-year-old's case comes up for arguments before the children's court on Friday.Naik, initially accused of molestation, was charged with rape after medical examination suggested \"vaginal penetration\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "malout/ lambi", "code": "11468351", "title": "CM's estranged cousin files papers from Lambi", "text": "MALOUT/ LAMBI: Congress candidate from Lambi Mahesh Inder Singh Badal filed his nomination in MIMIT at Malout on Thursday, while Congress leader Gurmeet Singh Khudia filed his papers as covering candidate for Mahesh Inder. Beaming his trademark soft smile, the estranged cousin of Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal entered the RO's office at12.15 pm along with Khudia and his nephew Sanjam Badal, Dheera Singh Khudia and others. Mahesh Inder's affidavit claims that he and his wife own total assets worth Rs 7 crore, which are almost equal to that of his elder cousin Parkash Singh, but far less than his younger cousin Gurdas Badal. \"It's a fight between right and wrong. I am fully confident about winning these elections. 'Parmatama aitki bhali karuga ji' (God will bless us this time),\" he told TOI. \"People's living condition is really bad in Lambi villages. I am getting encouraging response from people. We have worked hard here and its result will be shown on January 30. He also condemned the violence in Rampura Phull constituency. All the candidates should respect the EC's rules.\" Mahesh Inder alleged that SAD was misusing the government machinery for elections, \"we have also lodged some complaints to the EC about this misuse in Lambi constituency,\" he revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11469824", "title": "Seers to lead anti-alcohol campaign", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after pushing for a blanket ban on sale of liquor in the state at a conference, seers and religious leaders on Thursday settled for a resolution calling for creating awareness against alcoholism as had been suggested by chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda.The resolution was adopted on the second day of Karnataka State Temperance Board's (KSTB) round table conference of mutt heads and seers against alcoholism. Over 50 mutt heads and seers demanded total ban, while the CM had admitted at the inaugural that \"it is not easy to ban sale of liquor in the state\" .Gowda had suggested that a massive awareness campaign should be launched to reduce the number of alcoholics instead of banning the sale of liquor hurriedly . He had also warned that a total ban will only lead to increase in the production of illicit liquor and boost the number of anti-social elements in the state.At the valedictory ceremony, Sonda Swarnavalli Mutt, Sirsi seer Gangadharendra Saraswathi Mahaswami said: \"The government will have to ban the sale of alcohol, if the majority of the people are made aware of the consequences of alcoholism. All seers should join hands to create awareness and let us hope that a total ban on sale of alcohol will be in place at least in the next decade.\"Sri Suttur Mahasamsthana Mutt seer Deshikendra Mahaswami SAID: \"Eradicating the menace through transformation of people's mind is more effective than banning it through law.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11469787", "title": "Pooja Gandhi may join JD(S)", "text": "BANGALORE: Kannada actor Pooja Gandhi has shown interest to join the JD(S).Ahead of the 2013 assembly elections, the party plans to revive its youth wing under her leadership . JD(S) state women's president Jyothi Reddy told TOI she made the decision after being influenced by the party's ideology and HD Kumaraswamy's leadership. Pooja has been taking up the cause of sex workers and sexual minorities.\"She said she'd like to identify with the JD(S) and continue her social service. She'll meet Kumaraswamy after which she will be formally inducted into the party,'' Jyothi said. Last year, actor Ramya joined the Congress party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11469179", "title": "Chotta Rajan's close aide shot at in Jakarta", "text": "MUMBAI: Fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan's close aide Santosh Abu Sawant is believed to have been shot at by two persons in Jakarta , capital of Indonesia , on Thursday.A highly placed source said that Sawant, who is in his mid-40s, was rushed to a local hospital by his friends with at least three bullet injuries and was admitted to the critical care unit. Underworld sources said that Vijay Shetty, partner of former Rajan aide Santosh Shetty, could be behind the firing.Though it became the talking point among gang members in the city, the Mumbai police declined to confirm or deny the incident. There were also reports that Rajan had reached the hospital in Jakarta. Sawant had helped Rajan in 2001 when his rival Chhota Shakeel's henchmen had shot him in Bangkok in which Rajan's two men, including Rohit Verma, were killed. It was Sawant and Santosh Shetty who risked their lives and arranged Rajan's escape from the hospital.Sawant, who is also known as manager of the Rajan gang, was the only gang member loyal to the don after his many aides like late O P Singh, Hemant Pujari, Ezaj Lakdawala, Ravi Pujari, Balu Dokre, Bharat Nepali and others split away to form their own gangs. Sawant has around five criminal cases pending against him, including one under Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act ( MCOCA) in which Rajan's wife Sujata Nikhalje alias Nani was arrested for money laundering.Sawant, son of an estate agent, came in contact with Rajan in 2000 while settling a property dispute at Tilak Nagar. Till 2005, Sawant was in Mumbai and was controlling the gang by arranging finances, threatening builders, influencing officials and taking care of the gang's families. An officer tipped him off about plans to arrest him and Sawant fled to Dubai .It's a major jolt to Rajan as his key gang members in Mumbai are in jail for the murder of journalist J Dey and Dawood Ibrahim's brother Iqbal Kaskar's driver Arif Sayyed Bael. Rajan gang members D K Rao, Umaid Ur Rahman, Rohit Tangappa, Joseph Paulson and Vinod Asrani are in Arthur Road, Thane and Taloja jails.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473223", "title": "First look of Prakash Raj's Dhoni", "text": "Prakash Raj launched the first look of his Kollywood directorial debut, Dhoni , on a micro-blogging site.\"The movie is a critique in the education system prevalent in the country that puts undue stress on the hapless students without paying heed to their natural abilities,\" says Prakash Raj, who is also acting and producing the movie. Ace director Puri Jagannadh's son Akash is playing Prakash Raj's son in the flick, which is expected to hit screens next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "11469020", "title": "Celebrating Lohri for the girl child", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: Where everyone is busy celebrating Lohri with peanuts and bonfire, members of Ahsaas Charitable Foundation are marking the festival by spreading a social message to save the girl child.They presented a special play and dance performance for encouraging people to do the needful for the girl child during an event \"Dhiyan Di Lohri\" organized on Thursday. Residents of Kitchlu Nagar also participated in the event where they distributed sweets, stationery and other goods among 31 girls from slum areas. The children were more enthusiastic than the elders in spreading the message that Lohri for girls should also be organized, as they are equally important in the society. There are 45 members of Ahsaas foundation, who opened bank accounts for a few girls for their bright future. The star attraction in the show was the dance performance by the children. There was also a bonfire and dinner followed by a cultural dance programme.The 10-year-old founder of Ahsaas, Chahat Bhandhari said, \"When people can celebrate Lohri for boys, then why not girls? There is a need to bring a change in the mentality of people.\" Appreciating the efforts of the children, a homemaker and resident of area Suruchi Jain said, \"The children did it wonderfully and their efforts are worth appreciating. There is a lack of awareness in society about gender equality.\" She said in the next few years, society would definitely change but everybody should put efforts for the same.Another homemaker Komal Arora said they would celebrate Lohri with their families on Friday but this function would always remain memorable. She said they would love to organize such events again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "the great pre-school admission rush has begun . but it's the same story", "code": "11469899", "title": "Online admission waits in queue", "text": "The great pre-school admission rush has begun . But it's the same story: long queues, restless parents and a chaotic environment. 'Why not make the process online,' is what parents ask. But schools feel parents might find that inconvenient and have sought more time before deciding on the same.\"The areas where we are located and our target group do not allow us to go online. Most parents do not feel comfortable with the online procedure. But I feel the time allotted for distribution of application forms should be extended ,\" said Nigar Sultana, principal , Cambridge Public School. The school has admission form distribution process for over a month.The reasons are known: imbalance in supply and demand. For every seat, the number of application forms that flow in are 10 to 15. With schools distributing forms on personal attendance, parents are left with no choice than to wait patiently in queues. The situation goes out of hand when some schools open counters only for a few hours on a declared day.The principal of a reputed school faced a similar situation when she wanted to admit her child in the school of her choice. \"I waited in a queue overnight to get an application form. A relative reserved space for us till my husband relieved him at 3am,\" said the principal. She felt the only solution is that schools stretch either the number of hours or number of days for distribution of forms. \"The time allotted should be increased,\" she said.Some of the schools that keep their admission counters open for a few hours include St Joseph's Boys, St Francis Xavier and Sophia High School. Their application forms are not available online.\"We distributed forms on January 7 for admission to academic year 2012. Our form distribution counter was open from 8.30am to noon,\" said Celestine Sera, principal , St Joseph's Boys School. The school invited 300 applications for 150 LKG seats. \"We see no reason to extend the time allotted for form distribution. We have only 150 seats available. We do not want to give forms in thousands just to make money,\" said Celestine Sera.Break the notionsWith 90 seats available for LKG, Ebenzer International School accepts 300 applications and feels going online makes the process convenient. \"Online admission reduces chaos. Although keeping admission counters open only for a few hours is a major concern, the problem lies with parents' mindset. They have certain notions regarding certain schools, which need to broken,\" said Indrani Sudarshan, director for education, Ebenzer International School.Arduous processIt was a painful process trying to admit my nephew to Sophia High School last year; the admission form was available only for a few hours on a specific day. I was in no condition to wait in the queue for the entire night and ask my domestic help to stand instead. I relieved her in the morning and got the application form. My cousins stay abroad, so it proved to be more difficult for us. I strongly believe admission process should go online. Over 80% parents are working and comfortable with the technology. I don't see any reason why schools are dithering on this.Naema Attaz | A parent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468490", "title": "IPL mulls 10 teams in 2014", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the 10th team's slot in Indian Premier League (IPL) falling vacant after Kochi Tuskers were shown the door, the league officials are now looking at filling that slot in 2014. In the recently held meeting of the team owners with IPL chairman Rajeev Shukla, the proposal to include another team in the IPL, put forward by league officials, was discussed at length.This year and the next year's editions will consist of nine teams playing 76 matches in all. In 2014, if the 10th team comes into existence, BCCI may fall back on the old format of IPL 4. BCCI is looking at two groups comprising of five teams each with 74 matches being played, each team playing 14 league games.This year's IPL will return to its inaugural format, which saw teams playing each other on home and away basis. The only difference is that instead of 14 league matches, every team will get eight matches at home. This could result in substantial increase in their share of central revenue.Sources indicated that every team is at least guaranteed Rs 50 crore from the central revenue. \"This is good news for all the teams. But we are not sure how it will benefit us if 10th team becomes part of IPL in 2014,\" a team official said.CLT20 in India?Buoyed by the success of Champions League last year, the organizers are mulling staging the event again this year in India. \"With three IPL teams taking part in the tournament, the CLT20 league was a success in India. The organizers would surely want to host it again in India,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11470343", "title": "Celebration of art in scripts", "text": "MYSORE: Call it a celebration of scripts, the elementary form that denotes languages. A group of arts graduates are trying to look at literature from a different perspective by mapping the progression of languages and focusing on scripts. The art in scripts is what they are presenting at Bahuroopi, the national theatre festival at Rangayana starting Saturday. The Lipi is an effort to deconstruct art in the scripts with Rangayana taking up language as the focal theme for its annual winter festival.The idea came up when the alumni of the premier Chamarajendra Academy of Visual Arts ( CAVA ) were planning for the festival. \"We have a background in visual arts and wanted to look at literature from a different standpoint. That's when we hit upon the concept,\" explained H S Vinay. Primarily, it is the script that is the base for the language and the lifeblood for literature. But as we pick it up, we shift our focus and tend to lose importance of script. Our effort is to see the art in the scripts,\" he added.Every community possesses language and a writing system which generally changes more slowly than their spoken languages. Thus, they often preserve features and expressions which are no longer current in the spoken language. Experts say that the benefit of writing systems is their ability to maintain a persistent record of information expressed in a language, which can be retrieved independently of the initial act of formulation.The group of four-Vinay, C S Vijaykumar, B L Mahesh and M D Raviraj-worked on it after collecting the handiworks of noted personalities including litterateurs, Mysore Maharajas and dewans. The expo will have imprints of inscriptions and manuscripts of noted writers.It was late last year when they got the approval to work on their concept and exhibit it at the nine-day theatre festival. The team met with some writers and requested them to spare some of their manuscripts. They also visited the department of archives and the Archeological Survey of India and collected the needed materials. \"We are concentrating on Kannada script primarily and have around 30 writers' manuscripts,\" Vinay explained.\"We are attracted to latest technologies and forgetting the art of handwriting. Our main intention is to remind people of the tradition of handwriting,\" said Raviraj. Handwritings of poet laureate Kuvempu, playwright Girish Karnad , novelist U R Ananthnurthy, litterateurs De Jaware Gowda, Poornachandra Tejaswi and Aravind Malagatti will be there. They also have photocopies of letters of Maharaja Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar, celebrated Mysore dewans Mirza Ismail and Sir M Visvesvaraya to showcase their handwritings.The Chutuka Sahitya Parishat has organized limericks meet to celebrate Sankranti at the end of January. It has called the writers to send in their entries. January 21 is last date for submission.Doctor and writer H A Parshwanath has penned a book Premeya which will be released on Sunday. The city-based Vanasiri publications has published the book which will be released by writer Shivaramu Kadanakuppe and Preeti Shubachandra of the Kuvempu Institute of Kannada Studies, University of Mysore, will speak about the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11470345", "title": "Airport gears up for low visibility", "text": "With just three days to go for the Bhogi festival, Chennai airport is gearing up to prevent low visibility from disrupting flights.In the last two years, visibility dipped to 550 metres and 200 metres on Bhogi day. This year, Airports Authority of India (AAI) officials have instructed air traffic controllers and airlines to be ready to initiate low visibility landing procedures on Saturday.Foggy weather is rare in Chennai. The airport suffers from low visibility because of smog created by burning of waste during Bhogi and bursting of crackers during Diwali every year. \"We are not talking to the district administration or police this time to prevent burning of materials near the airport because such steps have not yielded results in the past. We are gearing up handle low visibility procedure for aircraft,\" said airport director E P Hareendranathan.Air traffic controllers will be monitoring weather reports about visibility and will inform pilots of approaching aircraft if visibility dips below 500 metres. Smog was less and flights were not affected last year compared to previous years.\"The instrument landing system at the airport is not like the ones at Delhi airport. So landing will be tricky if visibility dips on Saturday,\" said an Air India pilot.R Suresh, director, aerodrome meteorological office, said flights would not face visibility problem if waste materials were burned between 9am and 10am because the atmosphere is relatively unstable and pollutants would disperse. \"Burning of tyres, tubes, bitumen and other toxic materials should be stopped as these pollute the atmosphere and create petrochemical smog and ground level ozone. Waste should not be burned at all during early morning hours when atmosphere is stable and there is only very light wind,\" he said.Though smog is rare in Chennai, a study conducted by the Met department that analysed data from 1981 to 2009 shows that minimum visibility of 550 metres needed for aircraft operation was not available for 19 years on Bhogi day.\"In particular, the visibility was as low as 50 metres in 2000 and 100 metres in 2008 and for the other years it hovered between 200m and 500m on Bhogi day.Elaborate arrangements were made by TNPCB, self-help organizations and police in 2009 near the airport which made it possible to have a visibility of 800m,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469432", "title": "Sharma's plea premature, hasn't replied to notice yet: Govt to CAT", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has urged the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) to dismiss IPS officer Rahul Sharma's \"premature\" application challenging the chargesheet served on him for misplacing evidence in the form of CDs containing call details during the 2002 riots.The state home department stated that Sharma rushed to the tribunal without replying to the notice, while the government is yet to appoint an inquiry officer. The government also claimed that Sharma's contention is completely misplaced, as neither the chargesheet nor the show-cause notice issued to him have anything to do with his revelations before the Nanavati commission in 2004.The affidavit, submitted by senior counsel Bhaskar Tanna on behalf of the government, claimed that the departmental inquiry against Sharma was sought to be conducted \"wholly and exclusively on a very different ground\", and it has nothing to do with his deposition before the commission. Hence, Sharma's defence that he gets immunity under section 6 of the Commissions of Inquiry Act as information furnished before the probe panel cannot be used against him, does not stand.The affidavit made it clear that Sharma has been charged for professional misconduct and not for handing over the CDs to the commission. The senior cop is charged with not submitting the CDs as case property to the then supervisory officer of riots cases - ACP SS Chudasama or investigating officers G L Khunti, D A Rathod and K M Waghela of the city crime branch. He illegally carried the evidence with him, and while relinquishing charge as DCP (control room), did not give it to his successor or the IO of Naroda police station.The affidavit also claimed that the government found out about the leak of details from the CD only during proceedings of the Nanavati-Shah commission in 2004. \"Until then, the home department was blissfully unaware of any of such CDs and therefore had a preliminary inquiry conducted to investigate the whereabouts of the CDs,\" the affidavit read.Dealing with Sharma's contention of protection against prosecution, the government submitted that Sharma is not protected by section 6 of the Act, because he revealed the CD during cross-examination, and not when deposing before the commission or in response to any of the questions put across by the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468172", "title": "Maid nabbed for robbery", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 71-year-old woman was held at knife-point and her house robbed by her help in the Safdarjung area of south Delhi.The victim, Jaya Rakesh, is the wife of a retired bureaucrat, police said. The help, Anita, 24, has been nabbed by the police from Muzaffarnagar within hours of the incident, they said. The help had escaped with gold bangles among other jewellery items worth over Rs 4 lakh.The police said the help had locked the victim in the bathroom and fled after committing the robbery. Anita, who hails from Muzaffarnagar in Uttar Pradesh , was employed with the victim for sometime. The police said the victim was alone at the time the incident took place. She told the cops she was in dire need of money as she wanted to establish her own business, the cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11470131", "title": "Govt faces Supreme Court ire over pendency", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday said pendency of 3 crore cases could not be effectively dealt with unless the government created more courts and filled vacancies because annual disposal of cases by trial courts, high courts and the Supreme Court only matched the numbers filed every year, leaving the backlog untouched.If a bench of Justices A K Ganguly and T S Thakur questioned additional solicitor general Harin Raval on the Centre's policy decisions on judicial reforms including speeding up of justice delivery, another bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar was critical of the UPA government's decision to scrap fast-track courts.The bench of Justices Ganguly and Thakur accepted Raval's contention that it would be a mismatch if the government was asked to create more posts of judges when a large number of such posts was lying vacant.But it wanted to know from the ASG whether any of the policy decisions intended to create more courts in view of a finding that the country would require 75,000 more trial judges in the next three decades.It asked the Centre to refer to the Law Commission, which is doing a comprehensive study in this regard, to include in its terms of reference the need for increasing the number of courts and ways and means to deal with the vacancy problem.On the other hand, amicus curiae and senior advocate P S Narasimha drew the attention of a bench of Justices Patnaik and Kumar to the scrapping of fast-track courts from March 31, 2011.The bench said during the All India Conference of Chief Justices and Chief Ministers, there was unanimity that FTCs had played a constructive role in reducing arrears and should be continued.It looked into the law ministry's file relating to discontinuation of these courts and found that a decision had been taken to run morning and evening courts in place of fast-track courts. Narasimha said whenever there was an attempt to hinder speedy justice, constitutional courts had inherent power to take necessary corrective measures to ensure financial grants to sustain existing justice delivery system. The bench reserved verdict on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468085", "title": "Lennon's wife set to enthral city with art", "text": "NEW DELHI: Beatles fans may never be able to think of Yoko Ono any other way than as the woman who split up the Fab Four, but in the art world, John Lennon's wife has made quite a name for herself as a conceptual artist. And it is this side of her that the 79-year-old is showing to India in her first-ever exhibition.Yoko has visited India before but never exhibited here. The last time she came to India was in the seventies with husband John Lennon . The couple is said to have stayed ensconced in a suite at Mumbai's Taj Mahal hotel for five days, not allowing even the cleaning staff entry. They then proceeded to an ashram in the hills. But this time, only art is on the agenda.The artist, who has explored gender issues in many of her earlier pieces, has created a special installation for India titled 'Our Beautiful Daughters' which will the highlight of her solo show at the Vadehra Gallery in Okhla. In a country where the sex ratio is dangerously skewed, she hopes the issue will resonate with the audience. \"India is becoming an economic power, but women power is equally, if not more, important.\"Peace is another recurring motif in her art. On their honeymoon, she and Lennon staged a famous bed-in to protest against the Vietnam War. A project called Wish Trees - to be installed in 20 public venues across the capital, including Shri Ram School, Medana The Medicity and JNU - is an extension of that theme. Yoko first made it in 1996 inspired by her childhood experience of visiting a temple in Japan where she would write a wish on a piece of paper and attach it to a branch. She has travelled the globe asking individuals to write their own hopes and prayers on paper tags. Now, Indians will get a chance to pen their own and these will be sent to the Imagine Peace Tower, a memorial for Lennon in Iceland .Yoko, who still wears her trademark black garb, sunglasses and beret, asks that the audience participate in her art. She has often shocked the public with acts such as inviting members of an audience to cut pieces from her clothing or take their pants off. While Delhi won't get such radical pieces, art lovers are encouraged to scream from the rooftop gallery and mend broken pottery. After 9/11, Yoko devised the Mend Piece, in which fragments of a broken pot are handed out to members of the audience. These distributed shards offer the idealistic possibility that one day these could re-assemble. \"The theme of the piece is to mend,\" says Yoko. \"It is an attempt to create a symbiotic mending between what you are mending - maybe a broken cup - and what you wish to mend. Like the world.\"Another key work is 'My Mommy Was Beautiful', an invitation for participants to record memories of their mother on empty canvasses and walls.('Our Beautiful Daughters' is on at Vadehra Art Gallery in Okhla from January 13 to March 10. Yoko Ono will perform 'To India With Love' on January 15 at India Habitat Centre)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11469633", "title": "Indra Bishnoi still elusive, CBI launches hunt", "text": "JODHPUR: After obtaining the status of proclaimed absconder for Indra Bishnoi and two others, the CBI has launched a feverish hunt for her. Indra's house and a couple of other places considered as her prospective hideouts in the suburbs and the surrounding villages were raided by the agency for the second consecutive day on Thursday but she has remained untraceable so far.Indra, the sister of Congress MLA Malkhan Singh Bishnoi from Luni is an important link of the Bhanwari Devi case and the CBI needs her for verification and corroboration of whatever evidences and statements, which have been culled so far. Indra is believed to have played a crucial role in the conspiracy for the abduction and elimination of Bhanwari Devi.The agency, stung by the backing off by Omprakash Bishnoi, member of the gang Bishnaram Bishnoi, who was allegedly involved in receiving Bhanwari and disposing of her body at Jaloda, from recording his statements before a magistrate, may push for similar steps from other accused. Now, the CBI may look into the possiblities of taking statements of Bishnaram and Kailash Jakhar.According to legal experts, the CBI needs statements of any member of Bishnaram's gang in order to corroborate the series of incidents that have taken place right from obtaining Bhanwari from Sohanlal and Shahabuddin to disposing her of at Jaloda.CBI had recovered some crucial evidences belonging to Bhanwari Devi, including a wrist watch, an earring, a half-burnt baseball bat and some burnt bones and teeth. The CBI has got the wrist watch and the earring identified by her son and husband but as far as the bones and teeth are concerned, they are too old in order to establish any link with Bhanwari and will have to be sent to the Centre of Molecular Biology in Hyderabad, sources said.Similarly, a legal procedure is to be followed for identification of any object, which has not been done so by the CBI while getting the wrist watch and earring identified by her son Sahil, who was summoned by the CBI at its camp office the next day after recovering these objects. In absence of this procedure, the claim of CBI linking these objects to Bhanwari may weaken, the sources said.According to criminal lawyer, Hastimal Saraswat, such identification is to be undertaken before a magistrate, for which the investigating agency has to move an application in the court to this effect, who then will summon the identifier and ask him to identify the object by picking it from many others of similar design.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11469006", "title": "Communist parties to contest 7 seats", "text": "PANAJI: The Communist parties will contest seven seats in the forthcoming 2012 assembly elections in the state.The Goa council of the Communist party of India (CPI) has announced that it will be contesting five seats while the Communist party of India (Marxist) (CPM) will contest the remaining two seats.Announcing this, CPI general secretary Christopher Fonseca said, \"These elections are very important for the people of Goa who are facing a lot of problems.\"\"When an opportunity comes for people to choose their representatives, it is the duty of a party committed to socialism and democracy to come out and fight the elections,\" he added.For the CPI, Fonseca will contest from Panaji where he will likely take on BJP's Manohar Parrikar. Peter Pires will contest from St Cruz, Gajanan Naik from Saligao and Shyam Gaude from Priol.For the CPM, Naresh Shigaokar will contest from Sanvordem. The CPI candidate for Sanquelim and the CPM candidate for Mayem have not been finalised. Fonseca said \"We are concerned about the kind of corruption in public life,\" while lambasting nepotism in promoting family members being pursued by some parties.Though they have not forged any pre-poll alliance in other constituencies, Fonseca said, \"We may support village group candidates, independents and regional party candidates who are credible and have a clean record.\"Fonseca said that contesting only seven seats \"was not tokenism\" as even one elected MLA can make a difference. He has attributed the limited number of seats being contested by the party to \"certain intrinsic problems such as the kind of money power involved in elections.\"Stating that Goan voters are \"easily manipulated,\" Fonseca said \"polarisation on communal and divisive lines was the hallmark of Goa's elections.\"On their post poll strategy if successful at elections, Fonseca said \"We will not align with any political party. If we sit in the government, then it will be based on a common minimum programme.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11468305", "title": "Pakistan crisis: Gilani backs off, Zardari takes off", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A day after the spat between Pakistan's prime minister and the country's military brass degenerated into public sparring, Yousaf Raza Gilani on Thursday sought to calm coup fears and denied he would follow his sacking of the defence secretary by dismissing the army and ISI chiefs.Army chief Ashfaq Parvez Kayani had a morning huddle with his top commanders in Rawalpindi and although a military spokesman refused to dwell on the deliberations, analysts said it was to take stock of the standoff with the shaky civilian government.As the corps commanders met, President Asif Ali Zardari , facing a slew of corruption charges and a Supreme Court directive for reopening investigation, flew to Dubai , triggering rumours that he was fleeing a takeover. But a government spokesman said he was away only for a day to attend a wedding.The opposition clamoured for Gilani's resignation, but said they wouldn't support a military takeover. Imran Khan said his party Tehreek-e-Insaf was against a coup. Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz) chief Nawaz Sharif also said his party would never back any unconstitutional step. \"We want the rule of law. The country cannot afford adventurism,\" Sharif said.Gilani treads path of reconciliationA day after the army warned him of serious ramifications, with potentially \"grievous consequences\" for the country if he pursued his campaign against the army chief, Pakistan's PM Yousaf Raza Gilani on Thursday made no reference to the clash with the military during his speech in the National Assembly. He kept his speech confined to the death of a religious leader.The PM said army chief Ashfaq Parvez Kayani had spoken to him before issuing the statement regarding his interview to a Chinese daily. \"General Kayani made a telephone call and told me that he wanted to issue a clarification of my statement and I allowed him to go ahead with it,\" Gilani told reporters. He denied plans to sack Kayani and ISI chief Ahmed Shuja Pasha .Before the brief assembly session, Gilani held a meeting with his coalition partners in parliament and the allies agreed to let him bring a resolution to express confidence in Zardari and his own leadership. \"We do not want any confrontation between state institutions. We believe in the policy of reconciliation,\" he said.Tensions between the government and the military have grown since the surfacing of an anonymous memo purportedly written by the former ambassador to US Husain Haqqani asking for US help to curb the military's powers and avoid a possible coup. The memo was reportedly dispatched shortly after an American raid in killed Osama bin Laden in May 2011.The government and military now confront one another in the angry and determined supreme court which has already taken on the government on several legal fronts. Kayani's meeting with top commanders on Thursday sparked speculation about the army's next move. However, in a country where the top general has a history of seizing power, Kayani's strategy to engage in a media war - the first by an army chief - was a good sign, analysts said.Pakistan's unbridled media has been cited as one reason the military would be reluctant to stage a coup right now. But rumours still make the rounds in Islamabad that the military chief or the PM could possibly act against one another any time soon.Those with a soft corner for the military were predicting without any proof that the PM had given the post of defence secretary to Nargis Sethi who replaced a Kayani ally, retired Lt Gen Khalid Naeem Lodhi, to sign the notification to remove Kayani.Retracting from his earlier strongly-worded statement about the powerful but disturbed Pakistani military, Gilani's soft comments may calm the political situation in the country for a day or two but the coming Monday could be decisive as the SC has given the government a last chance to explain its position before the larger bench regarding implementation of its order to reopen graft cases against Zardari and others.The apex court, which quashed the National Reconciliation Ordinance granting immunity to corrupt politicians, had asked the government to explain why the probe against Zardari shouldn't be re-opened.The government links the ongoing crisis with the upcoming Senate (upper house) elections, which if held in the current scenario, will give the PPP a majority in the Senate for the first time in the history of Pakistan. \"Senate elections would be held on time and balance should be maintained between institutions,\" Gilani said.Asked if he was sure that Senate elections would be held as scheduled given the political stalemate, Gilani said a game was being played and was specifically aimed at stopping the polls. \"But elections will be held on time and democracy will flourish. Democracy is the destiny of the country,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473799", "title": "A delicious Lohri at 32nd Milestone", "text": "2012 is here! What better way to kick-start the season than celebrating the cultural festival of Lohri with family and friends over a meal of authentic flavours from the kitchens of Punjab.Punjab offers one of the richest cuisines in the world. Enjoy culinary delights at 32nd Milestone and treat your taste-buds to delicious dishes, spicy street food and yummy desserts.Highlights : Make your choice from a variety of options including Amritsari Macchi, Patiala Shahi Meat, Peshawari Chhola, Mogawala Kukarah, Makke Di Roti and Sarson da Saag, Ganna ke Kheer and more. Live cooking (village style) will offer you a scrumptious menu comprising the traditional aromatic sarson saag with make ki roti, golgappe and chaats among others. You can also go in for a personalised menu with the special a-la-carte menu served at Lawn.Other celebrations : There will also be a special village set up, bhangra and gidda performance by folk artists that will add a cultural flavour to your food journey. Punjabi gaana, dhol beats, fireworks, stalls for juttis, bangles and trinkets will give you the opportunity to get into the spirit of the festival in its true sense.Venue : India House, 32nd Milestone, Sec 31, NH-8, GurgaonWhen : 13 - 15 January 2012Time : Lunch: 12:30 - 3:30 pm &amp; Dinner 7:00 - 11:00 pmTariff : Lunch buffet- Rs. 600 per person and Dinner buffet- Rs. 650 per person", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11472291", "title": "How Kareena matches Imran's age?", "text": "She is 31 to his 28 years. But when on screen, they had to look like a well-matched couple. And that was where the 'ideation' started. Director Shakun Batra for Dharma Productions' Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu, wanted his leading lady Kareena Kapoor to look fresh and young with her hero Imran Khan .And that is when he instructed Bebo's makeup artist Ritesh Naik and hairstylist Purushottam Hans to bridge the age gap.Ritesh Naik who has been Bebo's personal makeup artist for more than 13 years, admitted that a lot of experiments were done before the final look was 'locked'. \"Shakun told me to keep her look young. He said he wanted very minimal make up. We did a lot of tests. After a couple of days, her look was finalised,\" revealed Naik.When asked if it was a challenge to bridge the age gap, he said, \"My main concern was that she shouldn't look old. She was teaming up with Imran for the first time. They had to look good together. Once the look got finalised, we did not have problems. I know Imran is younger than her, so I had no other choice but to make her look younger.\"Kareena too helped Naik understand the look. \"She knows her characters well and is always clear about what she wants. If a continuity shot is filmed in a Mumbai studio, even after a month after the sequence is shot in Vegas, she remembers the kind of make up she had done,\" added Naik.And it wasn't just Naik, but also hairstylist Purshottam Hans (better known as Pompy) who played a major role in making Kareena look younger.\"Kareena fully understands the requirements of her look. Director demanded that Kareena should look modern. The 'out of the bed' look was looking very fresh and nice on her,\" informed Hans.And we think Naik and Hans have been rather successful in their job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11469280", "title": "Saffron-RPI clinches \u2018maha-alliance\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI announced its grand alliance-maha-yuti-for the upcoming BMC elections on Thursday after the Sena-BJP's last-minute attempts to pacify the RPI's Ramdas Athavle who wanted 30 municipal wards for his party. The RPI has been offered 29 wards in the final seat-sharing pact.The RPI is said to be piqued with the wards offered to it. \"We have lost quite a few Dalit wards in Vikhroli, Chembur and the BDD chawls, Worli, to the Sena-BJP,'' said a senior RPI activist.The Sena-BJP leaders pulled out all stops to soothe the RPI's ruffled feathers. They called on Athavle at his Bandra apartment after which he agreed to address a press conference at Sena Bhavan where he, Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray and state BJP chief Sudhir Mungantiwar locked hands to announce the alliance.To add to the RPI's ire, the BJP has declined to give up its claim on two Dalit-populated wards which the RPI had coveted. Dalit Panthers chief Namdeo Dhasal, who wants five seats from the RPI in Mumbai, alleged that Athavle was trapped in a \"caucus'' which decided the share of seats to the RPI's constituent allies such as the Dalit Panthers.\"I am satisfied with the share of seats given to the RPI. I tried to get one seat more. However, during my talks with the Sena-BJP leaders, I realized that local political combinations and permutations will not let me earn one seat more,'' Athavle said at the conference.Stating that ending the Congress-NCP \"misrule\" in Maharashtra is his aim, Athavle said he would not allow a lone seat to wreck the maha-yuti. \"We three pehelwans will trounce the Congress-NCP in the BMC, and in the next legislative assembly and the Lok Sabha elections as well. We have fixed our gaze on 2014,'' he said.In the 227-strong BMC, the Sena will contest 135 seats, while BJP has been given 63 seats. The RPI's share will be 29 seats. Athavle said his party would keep trying for the magic figure of 30 seats. \"Aage aage dekho, hota hai kya (see what happens next),'' Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray remarked, indicating that the RPI could get its prized solitary seat in the coming days.Uddhav described the alliance as \"historic'', adding, \"The Sena-BJP-RPI will overthrow the corrupt and inept Congress-NCP rule from the soil of Maharashtra. Seat-sharing talks for other civic bodies and zilla parishads will continue,\" he said in reply to a question.Mungantiwar paid compliments to the RPI for displaying accommodative spirit during seat-sharing talks. He parried a question on whether Gujarat CM Narendra Modi will campaign for the Sena-BJP-RPI for the BMC elections.Uddhav said Sena chief Bal Thackeray will address one public meeting in Mumbai and one in Thane as he has been doing in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469539", "title": "Now, a food walk in walled city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For over six centuries, 'Jaman time' has been a time to indulge for Amdavadis. The myriad pol lanes in the walled city hold a rich heritage of the city's food. Many recipes may have been lost today, but one Boston based NRG and nutrition expert, Krina Patel is on a mission to stir some memories in Amdavadis who have long forgotten the tantalizing tastes and smells of old. Patel, who holds a doctorate from Harvard University is all set to organize a 'food walk' in the walled city on January 13, the eve of Uttarayan.The project will exclusively focus on stirring up memories of foods that Amdavadis grew up with and renewing the emotional connect that was for long subliminal in the Amdavadi consciousness.The walk will include places like the famous Chimanlal Joshi's Chandravilas Hotel, where the world's first Gujarati Thali was served in 1900 for Re 1. This was a favourite eating spot for Mahatma Gandhi and Sardar Patel. The spots chosen will include Navtal ni pol from where Navtal samosa originate, and many others including Bhatiayar gali which still serves six-centuries-old sultanate dishes like Jobanmati Khichdi. But more than the walk it is Patel's workshop's 'Stir a Memory' and 'Swad ki yaad' that will be of interest to many.\"Thinking about food, cooking it, relishing it, and sharing it with others, is a way of recreating memories. When we recreate memories, we ground ourselves to our roots. Instead of feeling alone in the world, we feel connected. This is an opportunity for Amdavadis who have migrated outside the old city to mend their umbilical relationship with the walled city. It will be an exciting and spontaneous art project for everyone who participates with a lot talking about food, and with it about the times gone by that we miss,\" says Patel.Patel, an Amdavadi, migrated to the US in the early 1990s and pursued her passion in the field of education and what she calls 'embodied thinking' and food. She earned her masters degree in education from Havard University and proceeded to do her doctorate a few years later at the same varsity. She was part of Havard's Project Zero - an educational research group. This project and her work with the Cambridge bakers during her doctoral programme led her to initiate this project in a small community in Boston, which since then has found many takers.Recently her 'Stir a memory' and 'Swad ki yaad' was held at Peabody Essex Museum as part of the 'Sensational India' program.Street food was initially shunnedAhmedabad: Amdavadis did not enjoy street food and it was taboo for centuries till the culture of eating out caught on, around the time of independence. A food scholar Bhogila Sandesara mapped the history of Amdavadi and Gujarati cuisine 500 years ago which are available as the manuscripts 'Varnak Samuchhay,' 'Jimanvar paridhan vidhi', 'Bhojan vichhatti', 'Virbhojan varnak' and 'Bhojan bhakti'.The typical modern wheat bread or rotlis, according to Sandesara were known as mada. Pulao, the rice-and-vegetable dish, was called palav. As many as 36 varieties of laddoos were popular.Back then people were more adventurous with dal or lentils. Unlike now when the staple tuver dal is eaten in Gujarati homes almost daily, the initial citizens experimented with six different varieties through the week. And yes, Gujarati kadhi with the aroma of hing was a favourite in most homes. Even then, Amdavadis relished snacks like dalwada.YUMMY TIMES OF THE PASTSweet tooth:Our great grandfathers feasted upon khajali (sweet khaja), sahakhand (shrikhand), Dahivara (dahiwada), Vedhami (pura poli). They specially feasted on sweets like Gundvada , gundpak, kuliri, mahisuk (maisur), naliyerpak. All-time favourites were sakarpara, sakaria chana, dudhpak, kauchapak, jalebi, harda, dudhsakri, usai sev, lapsi, phini (suterpheni), magad (magaj), siru (sheero), sakarparani madi and tilsankali.Laddoos:As many as 36 varieties of laddoos were popular including Adadna, Usadana, karkati, karhandana, kansaria, kesaria, gundana and many more. Some others like churim, jadi sev na, toprana, tilna, dal, dalia, dudhana, motina, sevaiya were also eaten.Rotli:Rotli was known as mada. It had different variations, but was mainly made with wheat flour. And like today sometimes had fenugreek for flavour and with jaggery and dal turned into the puran poli.Rice:Rice was savoured not just as dal-bhat. Over a dozen preparations of rice and pulaos were made.Dal:The early citizens were more adventurous when it came to dal. Unlike the staple tuver ni dal which is eaten in Gujarati homes almost daily, they experimented with lentils and ate at least six types of dal through the week. Gujarati kadhi with aroma of hing was a favouriteVadas:Over a dozen varieties of fried vadas sprinkled with pepper, sesame seeds, sugar and the most popular - dal vadas - were made.Fragrant water for lunch!Many ingredients like kapoor, ambali, aelachi, katho, kevado, khand, draksh and chandan were used to make water fragrant.EAT THATAmdavadis used to eat idli 800 years ago which was then known as idriThough bhajiyas are a daily treat now, history books refer to bhajiya as Amdavadi farsaanOur very own delicious Dalvada was known as DaliyavadaPeople ate mango and banana with sugar and coconut with jaggeryRotli was known as Mada or PoliLapsi was called Lapan shreeSev was an all-time favourite among Amdavadis.Dhokla, Khandvi, Idri (idli) made from Adad and Mag found takersPulav was known as Palav in 17th century. It was eaten with Dahi then too!The word 'Jalebi' was derived from the Arabian word 'Jhallabia' 500 years agoKhaja was also a favourite dish. Kandoi from Agra and Patan were famous for Khaja recipes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11469231", "title": "A Green run at marathon", "text": "MUMBAI: While thousands of runners take up initiatives to raise funds and awareness during the marathon, this year, the organizers themselves have chosen a cause. The Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon (SCMM) will go green and an organization has been roped in to help adopt environment-friendly techniques.\"We will do a thorough report on carbon footprints to see how much carbon will be emitted on the day of the marathon. Last year in Bangalore we had planted 300 plants along the route to compensate for carbon emission,\" said Suchit Gupta, a member of NextGen, which is undertaking the green initiative. NextGen operates from Indian Institute of Management-Bangalore and has been working with the organizers on marathons across India for two years.A special team of organizers and 220 volunteers has been put together for the waste management programme at the marathon. \"Our volunteers will collect plastic bottles, papers and fruit peels, and we will segregate the waste and send it across for recycling,\" said Gupta. The team will give away all the plastic bottles collected after the marathon to a polyester-making company from Nashik.\"The firm makes polyester yarn from plastic bottles. All orange and banana peels will be sent for composting. The paper that is collected will be sent to a Delhi NGO for recycling,\" he added.The organization has been helping Procam International turn green most marathons it organizes across India.So, don't be surprised if you bump into one of the 220 'go green' volunteers picking up waste after the marathon this Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11468256", "title": "Team Seechewal meets CEO", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A delegation of the Vatavaran Aty Samaj Bachaao Morcha, Punjab, along with its allies of over 50 environment-centric organizations, headed by noted environmentalist and social activist, Sant Balbir Singh Seechewal called on chief electoral officer, Kusumjit Sidhu, on Thursday. Appreciating the decision of ECI not to allow door-to-door distribution of voter slips and not allowing political parties to set up camps outside polling booths, Seechewal said the step would help check poll-related violence and conflicts, largely on the day of polling. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11469937", "title": "Beetle, Scorpion keychains seized", "text": "BANGALORE: Over 300 keychains that had banned exotic beetle varieties and scorpions embedded in plastic moulds for fobs were seized by a forest mobile squad from a reputed toy shop on Residency Road here late on Thursday evening.Acting on a tip-off , the squad laid its hands on 314 key fobs which were plastic moulds containing exotic beetles and scorpions.A case under the Wildlife (Protection) Act 1972 has been taken up against the managing director of the shop.\"The seized keychains had the dead beetles encased in plastic moulds. Both the buyer and the seller of such products are liable for punishment under the Act. In these kind of cases, the burden of proof is on the accused . We have taken up a case. There are no arrests yet as the samples will have to be sent to a few for testing,\" deputy conservator of forests (forest mobile squad) KB Manjunath told TOI.The seized keychains were imported from the People's Republic of China (PRC) and were marked with the company's purported name, BACH. \"The products may be imported, but trading in them still constitutes a major offence ,\" said the officer. Samples of the seized keychains will be sent to the Gandhi Krishi Vigyan Kendra and Indian Wood Science Technology here and Indian Forest Research Centre in Dehra Dun for testing whether the beetles encased in the plastic mould were authentic or not, said another officer.\"A complaint under No 120/11-12 has been filed before the second additional chief metropolitan magistrate. No first information report (FIR) is filed in cases taken up under the Wildlife (Protection) Act,\" Manjunath clarified.Why it is an offenceBeetles are listed under Schedule II of the Wildlife (Protection) Act 1972. Trading in beetle varieties is tantamount for wildlife poaching.Any offence committed in relation to any animal specified under Schedule I or Part II of Schedule II of the Wildlife Protection Act, or meat of any such animal, animal article, trophy, or uncurled trophy derived from such animal is an offence and is punishable with imprisonment for a term which shall not be less than one year but may extend up to six years and also draw a fine not less than Rs5,000.In the case of a second or subsequent offence of the same nature, the term or imprisonment may extend up to six years but shall not be less than two years and the amount of fine shall not be less than Rs 10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469620", "title": "Would you still fly kites after this?", "text": "NAGPUR: Not all birds are as lucky as the one Vrushali Shrirang found last week. Shrirang, a Green Vigil volunteer, found this tiny sparrow entangled in a web of Chinese manja on a roadside in Mahal. She immediately started efforts to free the bird without causing it any injury, gave it some water from her bottle and saw to it that it flew back to safety.But is flying a safe thing to do for birds during Sankranti? While drama ensues around the Chinese manja, with it being banned one day and the ban being stayed on the other, the only losing party is that of the birds, many of whom fall prey to the deadly manja.\"All this business around the ban and its stay is a gimmick in order to let the traders sell the stock of Chinese manja which they have already bought,\" said Kaustav Chatterjee of Green Vigil, a local environment NGO.As Sankranti inches closer, reports of birds being injured or even being killed are reaching from various quarters. NGOs have urged people to report the sighting of any bird which is injured.Pramod Kanetkar, secretary, Indian Society for Animal-Human Welfare (iSAW) said, \"What we are urging people is to at least report the incident of any bird being injured if they can't stop flying the kites and using those deadly manjas.\"He went on to say that these manjas were dangerous to humans also. \"When we humans don't care about the life of our own kind, it's not a surprise that people don't care for the sufferings of the birds,\" he remarked. iSAW, which has been undertaking rescue operations of birds for the last seven years will also be operating a mobile animal van from Friday.Amrita Kalsi, a teacher, spotted an owl entwined in some manja on a tree near her house. Having read about emergency numbers in newspapers, she immediately called on one. But sadly, by the time the rescue team arrived, the bird had died.Kalsi expressed her support to the ban on Chinese manja saying, \"More the poor bird tried to release itself, the more it got tangled in the manja. It was a painful sight.\"While some birds die immediately, many birds die after sustaining deep cuts or being trapped in manjas, unable to move, get food or sometimes even breathe.In another incident, Haseeb Badar, a Mahdi Bagh Colony resident, related an incident about the rescue of a Shikhra bird. \"Luckily, that bird didn't have many injuries. But I have many a time seen limbs of birds entangled in manjas hanging from trees, while their rotton, decomposed bodies lie on the ground,\" Badar said.He further said that the new Chinese manjas proved to be more lethal as they were very strong. \"In a bid to save themselves, the birds get more trapped and their injuries deepen as they cannot come free out of the deadly trap of the manjas,\" he said.He said that people should feel from within the pain of these birds. \"It is only after this that they will take efforts to save them,\" he quipped. He also said that using regular thread to fly kites might help the issue.\"These birds have no voice to express their pain. Do our festivities have to necessarily mean pain to these gentle, wordless creatures?\" asked Chatterjee.BOXIf you spot an injured bird, call on these numbers:iSAW: 9422102824, 8237894982, 2710765Kavita Rattan: 7709486580, 9850302670Karishma Galani: 9921546863Amol Khante: 9370772227Sanjay Rathi: 9326551474Meanwhile, as the rescue team comes, citizen can take the following first aid measures* Release the bird from the manja* Give water, if possible glucose water, to the bird* Apply turmeric paste on wounds", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11469285", "title": "Veteran air traffic controller Krishnan dead", "text": "CHENNAI: Veteran air traffic controller V Krishnan (76) died at his residence in Chennai on Wednesday night. Krishnan, one of the founders of Air Traffic Controllers Guild of India, was a member of National Civil Aviation Safety Advisory Council. He retired from service in 1994 as a general manager-ATC.Krishnan was reputed to be one of the best radar controllers during his time and an authority in regulations. In one of his lectures, he suggested that the aviation ministry give an independent status to ATCs. \"It is a major loss to all of us,\" said a statement from Chennai air traffic controllers. Krishnan leaves behind his wife and two daughters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11469814", "title": "Crowded: Our galaxy has 1.6bn planets", "text": "WASHINGTON: Alien planets are incredibly common in our own galaxy Milky Way and it may be having as many as 160 billion planets, a six-year-long study has suggested.According to the study, published in the journal Nature, there are over 100 billion stars in our galaxy and each of them hosts at least 1.6 planets on average, bringing the number of likely alien worlds to more than 160 billion.And large numbers of these exoplanets are likely to be small and rocky, roughly like Earth, since low-mass planets appear to be much more abundant than large ones, it claimed.\"This statistical study tells us that planets around stars are the rule, rather than the exception,\" said study author Arnaud Cassan of the Paris Institute of Astrophysics.\"From now on, we should see our galaxy populated not only with billions of bright stars, but imagine them surrounded by as many hidden extrasolar worlds,\" Cassan told SPACE.com. Till date, astronomers have discovered over 700 planets beyond our own solar system, with 2,300 \"candidates\" found by Nasa's Kepler space telescope awaiting confirmation.The team analyzed 40 of events and found that three betrayed the presence of an alien planet around a star. One is a bit more massive than Jupiter, one is comparable to Neptune and the third is a socalled \"super-Earth\" with a mass about five times that of our home planet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11470428", "title": "Rajasthan\u2019s Ranji rule a fluke? Think again", "text": "JAIPUR: Lightning does strike twice. The Rajasthan cricket team proved just that on Thursday, when they beat Haryana in Lahli to storm into the final of Ranji Trophy for the second year running.Likely to face Tamil Nadu in the final in Chennai from January 19, the defending champions are quite capable of adding some thunder to the lighting. It's once again Halla Bol time. Another title would lift this team to the status of legends in domestic cricket. Coach Amit Asawa is beaming with joy, so is skipper Hrishikesh Kanitkar. They can now tell the skeptics: \"Last year was no fluke.\"The architect of Thursday's victory was the youngest member of the side. Twenty-one-year-old Rituraj Singh stepped into Rajasthan's scheme of things after Deepak Chahar failed to replicate the performance of last season. Rituraj has a very effective outswinger and helped by conditions in Lahli, he grabbed 12 wickets to keep Rajasthan's fairytale, which started from the Plate Division in 2010, very much alive and kicking. Rajasthan cricket has seen quite a bit of upheaval during the last year, right from the time when a revolt against Sanjay Dixit saw a new management coming in.The KK Sharmas and the Mahendra Sharmas opened a new front under the guidance of CP Joshi and for a brief moment, it seemed Rajasthan cricket would be the biggest loser in this power tussle. The two factions had also named separate selection committees, raising fear that two teams would land up for the Irani Trophy against Rest of India, leading to Rajasthan being scrapped for the season.However, Dixit stepped away just in time and the focus was back on cricket, albeit under a new management at the Rajasthan Cricket Association. Credit goes to both factions that they kept cricket out of their war. That wasn't the end of the story as Rajasthan's challenge in the Irani Cup was a disaster. Even in the league stages of Ranji Trophy, they started off rather slowly, collecting just five points from as many matches. The turnaround happened at a time when they were being considered as candidates for relegation. Fortunes changed here at home, which witnessed most of their gaint-killing performances last season.RCA treasurer Mahendra Sharma informed TOI that a reception is being planned here for the squad once they arrive. They will practice at Sawai Mansingh Stadium for a couple of days. \"If we do play the final in Chennai, we would want to reach there well in advance,\" Asawa said. From cold Lahli to warm Chennai, the team would need time to acclimatize. And then Tamil Nadu would have revenge in mind. Having come out second best last time around, Dinesh Karthik's men would be keen to pay back. But then Rajasthan are no pushovers. And then, miracles do happen again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11470201", "title": "Mandatory bacteria test for milk for sale from February", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come February, milk sold in India will have to be tested for harmful bacteria like E Coli.According to the new food safety rules that come into effect six months from August, 2011, the Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) has made it mandatory for milk manufacturers to test it for organisms such as E Coli , staphaureus and listeria monocytogenes before bringing it into the market.FSSAI CEO V N Gaur said, \"We have introduced for the first time microbiological standards for milk. It was decided on August 5. The regulation will come into force in February since we gave the manufacturers and the industry six months' timeframe to put in place processes to test for deadly micro-organisms like E Coli.\"Gaur said, FSSAI officials would also see whether manufacturers have complied with the microbiological standards.\"They will have to conform to prescribed coliform and plate counts. The milk has to be certified E Coli, staphaureus and listeria monocytogenes free,\" he added.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad told TOI on Thursday that states will have to increase their surveillance of food items. \"States must take the menace of food adulteration seriously. At present, the fight is being hampered due to lack of trained human resources. Inspections must be increased to look for adulteration and use of harmful chemicals, especially in milk, vegetables and fruits commonly consumed by Indians,\" Azad said.TOI recently reported how the national milk survey of the FSSAI had found that nearly 70% of the 1, 791 samples picked up from 33 states failed to conform to FSSAI's standards.Around 89% of the samples tested from Gujarat, Jammu &amp; Kashmir (83%), Punjab (81%), Rajasthan (76%), Delhi and Haryana ((70%) and Maharashtra (65%) had failed to pass the muster.FSSAI said the milk of Mother Dairy and Amul did not conform to the national standards.Gaur said, \"FSSAI has published the results of a nation-wide surveillance survey of milk sold in the market both in packed and loose form, marketed by organized as well as unorganized sector. At the national level, 68.4% of the samples were not found to be conforming to the FSS regulations.\"Standards have been specified for 10 types of milk that include buffalo, cow, goat or sheep, mixed, standardized, re-combined, toned, double-toned, skimmed and full cream milk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468234", "title": "APPSC may go the UPSC way", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh Public Service Commission (APPSC) is set to go the UPSC way. Instead of conducting recruitments for various job positions in the state every three years, the commission, henceforth, would conduct tests every year just like the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC).A high-level committee set up by the state government to look into the recruitment process of APPSC is most likely to come up with a final decision on the matter within the next couple of months. Officials of the commission had recommended a regular time-bound conduct of examinations for speeding up the recruitment process.Secretary, APPSC, Poonam Malakondaiah said that that the commission has put forward the recommendations to reduce controversies regarding appointments. \"Under the present circumstances, it is taking almost four years to complete the recruitment process. For instance, the interviews for Group-I posts, which were notified in 2008, are being conducted this year ,\" said Malakondaiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468434", "title": "Unhappy court visits rape spot", "text": "NEW DELHI: Not satisfied with the police probe in a case where an epileptic girl was allegedly gang-raped, a trial court on Thursday took the investigation in to its own hands. For the first time, a trial court judge visited the place of the incident to find the missing links in the story of the prosecution so that the victim is given justice.When the investigating officer failed to prepare a site plan of where the girl was purportedly held captive for three days, it led to a lot of disagreement between the defence and the prosecution. To put the \"controversy\" at rest, Additional Sessions judge Kamini Lau visited the crime spot.\"During the course of arguments a major controversy and disagreement has emerged on the issues with regard to the house of the maternal uncle of the victim where she had come on a visit, the place from where the victim was allegedly kidnapped and the place where the victim was held captive for three days and allegedly gang-raped. Also, the place where the victim was allegedly spotted and recovered is not clear. No site plan (rough or scaled) has been placed on record either by the prosecution or by the defence on the basis of which the said controversy can be determined and decided,\" the court observed in its order.The judge said linking the missing dots was \"material\" to the case. \"In the interest of justice in order to appreciate the evidence on the aforesaid aspects in the present trial it has become necessary for the Court to visit and inspect the following spots,\" it said while intimating the Delhi high court about its decision.The court's decision found acceptance with the defence as well as the prosecution. After the visit, the court filed its report, which will be taken into consideration while deciding the case. The case will be heard again on January 13.The court's decision found acceptance with both defence and prosecution. It has filed the report that will be taken into consideration while deciding the case", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11469540", "title": "Second line therapy facility for HIV+ to be opened at SMS soon", "text": "JAIPUR: For people living with HIV/AIDS , who have become resistant to first line antiretroviral therapy (ART), the medical, health and family welfare department will soon open second line antiretroviral therapy centre in Jaipur and Jodhpur.In entire Rajasthan, there is not a single life-saving second line antiretroviral therapy centre, which is why AIDS patients in serious condition here are referred to Delhi or Ahmedabad.The department is working in cooperation with the National Aids Control Organisation (NACO) to open a facility for the people deprived of second line treatment here.AIDS director PK Sharda said, \"Second line treatment is very expensive. So, with the help of NACO we will set up centres for it in Jaipur and Jodhpur, the process for which has already started.\"The doctors claimed due to poor adherence to the treatment regimen, resistance to first line treatment happens. It is very necessary to put such people on second line immediately to save their life.An NGO working in the state, Rajasthan Network for People Living with HIV/AIDS' president Brijesh Dubey said, \"At present such people have to travel to Ahmedabad or Delhi, which is very tiring as they are already weak. So, there is a desperate requirement for second line ART.\"So far 39 AIDS patients from SMS hospital's ART centre have been referred to Delhi's second line ART centre. At present, 10 out of them are still on second line ART drugs. Assistant to nodal officer ART, SMS hospital, Dr Harsh Vardhan, said, \"The survival rate at second line ART is more than 65%. It is very necessary to put a person resistant to first line drugs on second line to save his life. The medicines used are very expensive, they, too, will be provided free of cost at the centre.\"Sources said the groundwork for opening the second line centre at SMS hospital has been completed as doctors have been trained and some medicines have also arrived. A meeting of the department officials will be held soon to announce the date of opening of the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468740", "title": "Cop accused of taking bribe applies for bail", "text": "MUMBAI: An absconding sub inspector from the Saki Naka police station filed an anticipatory bail application before a special ACB court.According to the police, Dharmu Rathod had allegedly accepted a bribe of Rs 4,000 of the total Rs 10,000 bribe he had demanded from a builder. However, he managed to flee from the spot before being caught accepting the bribe. In his bail application, Rathod said that he was wrongly implicated in the case. The application will be heard on January 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11468307", "title": "EC seeks report from 3 officers on showering of currency notes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The ECI has sought report from three ROs of Ferozepur, Sangrur and Jalandhar where supporters of candidates threw currency notes in the air after filing nomination papers. The static surveillance teams have seized unaccounted money worth Rs 18,84,82,010. Besides that, gold worth Rs 40 lakh has been recovered from a PRTC bus going to Delhi at Khanna.The ECI on Thursday issued notice to eight newspapers for publishing advertisments of various political parties without mentioning \"advertisement\" at the bottom or name of the party that has got those advertisements published.A notice has been issued to Mohinder Singh KP for holding a public meeting without permission in Jalandhar west. Besides that, the CEO has sought a report regarding the political gathering by SAD candidate Ajit Singh Kohar in Dana Mandi at Shahkot. A report has also been sought by the RO Jalandhar in the case of Sucheta Kalia, manager, Punjab School Education Board, relative of Manoranjan Kalia for promoting the interests of BJP and SAD through schools.Usha Sharma, special chief electoral officer said, it had already been conveyed to all media organizations to follow the ECI guidelines strictly, especially during election time and any violation of those guidelines would be dealt with strictly . Meanwhile she said observers, both expenditure and general, have started arriving in various constituencies and all returning officers have been issued instructions to provide total support to them in the discharge of their duties.Focusing on check of illicit liquor, all DCs and SSPs have been issued instructions to raid such dens and destroy the liquor seized during the raid. They were asked to focus on those areas known for illicit distillation and keep a watch in these areas so that they do not again come into business after raids.The DC Bathinda has sent a report of the incident between two rival candidates at Rampura Phul and Bhagta Bhai ka.The ECI has also sought report from DGP and SSP Bathinda. The DCs have been asked to submit fresh vulnerability map of their districts, according to the fresh guidelines of the ECI by January 14.The commission has received 1,275 complaints regarding violation of model code of conduct from across the state, out of which 605 have been disposed off.Man throws notes on former MLA RakhraFormer MLA and Shiromani Akali Dal candidate Surjit Singh Rakhra filed his nomination papers from Samana on Wednesday. A man was seen showering currency notes on Rakhra when he went for filing his papers, but cameras of Samana SDM's office failed to record this violation of model code of conduct.\"The cameraman appointed by our expense team could not record the \"shower\". We have been trying to procure that footage to take action,\" said G S Thind, returning officer from Samana.Confirming the incident's occurrence, Rakhra said, \" (The man) was not a party worker. He suddenly appeared when I entered the tehsil complex. We stopped him within seconds. I suspect Congress had sent him to embarrass us.\"Patiala DEO Vikas Garg said, he had not received any complaint", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473121", "title": "Hansika plays second fiddle", "text": "For the actress, a good role is all that matters, irrespective of the tag that is comes withEven as her line up of new projects in Tamil is still in process of confirmation, Tollywood is abuzz with news that Hansika has been roped in for a Telugu project which has the lead pair of Magadheera - Kajal Aggarwal and Ram Charan Teja - where she plays the second lead.Talking to CT, Hansika says, \"I have been reading about this news all over the Internet, but I've not confirmed it yet. But if the question is if I would do a film where I am not the 'lead' heroine, I wouldn't mind doing it if I have a welletched role. I call myself a script baby - a good script is all it takes to convince me.\" The actress maintains that is the reason she has chosen to be part of the many multi-starrers, which include Velayudham (which also starred Genelia) and Vettai Mannan (which has Deeksha Seth).Hansika, who's also rumoured to be part of Chumbudevan's Mareesan, another two heroine-project, opposite Dhanush, says, \"Honestly, I don't know if I will do it, because I have seven scripts in hand. I would choose only two. Right now, I am concentrating on the final work for Oru Kal Oru Kannadi, which is gearing up for release, and the Telugu films in my kitty that are currently underway.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468074", "title": "City district court lawyers observe day-long strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Work in all the six district courts came to a virtual standstill as the lawyers on Thursday went on a day-long strike to protest against the delay in transferring power to trial courts to hear all civil cases irrespective of the money involved in it.The strike also affected the ongoing trial in the 2G spectrum allocation scam case. Though the trial in the 2G case began as scheduled, it had to be adjourned after striking lawyers repeatedly entered the courtroom and requested that the proceedings be stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11471459", "title": "Nanban tickets \u2013 sold out like hot cakes", "text": "As expected, Nanban tickets sold out like hot cakes as soon as the advance booking counters in various theatres. The situation was no different for internet booking also because there were no tickets within minutes the bookings started.Nanban is one of the most expected films of 2012 for several reasons. For one, it has Vijay as the hero and further, the film has been directed by Shankar. The Vijay-Shankar combination is something that all movie buffs are looking forward.To add to this, Nanban is a remake of the Hindi film 3 Idiots which broke all the box office records.Source: Cinefundas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468467", "title": "Debris &amp; nurseries eat into Yamuna", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government might have moved slums from the Yamuna riverbed but it has not been able to stop encroachments or large-scale dumping of construction material, rather demolition material, along the Yamuna Pushta in east Delhi. A small water body has almost completely disappeared under mounds of waste and debris and stray dogs roam the area foraging for food.Farmers living there say hundreds of trucks carrying debris (malba) having been arriving there at night and dumping tonnes of waste along the road. Plant nursery-owners, too, have staked claim to the land. A stretch of about 80-100m from the Pushta road has been filled in and raised by a good 6-10 feet.Yamuna Jiye Abhiyan (YJA) has been raising the matter with the lieutenant-governor's office since November 2011 but no action has yet been taken against the offenders. TOI was unable to reach the LG for a comment.Alisha, whose parents farm a small patch in the river bed, says trucks have been coming regularly at night.\"We have no idea who these people are but they come regularly. I have never seen them during the day,\" she says.The area which now houses a couple of nurseries was till a year back being used to grow rice. \"During the annual flooding, the entire area would be under water. It used to be occupied by huts that were removed some years back. Then onwards, we were growing rice there. Since last year, the nursery-owners came down and started filling in the land. Now the area they occupy is a good 10 feet higher than our farms. They have also been slowly inching inwards and we had to fight them off from taking over our land, too,\" said Radhu, a farmer.Manoj Mishra, convener of YJA, wrote to the LG saying that the Delhi Development Authority, Municipal Corporation of Delhi and the public works department be asked to get this \"illegality stopped and get this site cleared of the dumped solid waste and restore the natural lake and the river bed\" and report whether similar dumping was also taking place at other sites in the riverbed.\"Dumping at this site has been taking place for several months. We happened to chance upon it towards the end of last year. None of the government agencies are bothered. If this continues, we will lose precious land to encroachment. The government has clea rly failed to protect the riverbed though it is a notified area and the LG has issued a moratorium on it,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473289", "title": "My art is eco-friendly: Madhu Jain", "text": "Over fifteen hundred eco-friendly colours, rolls of imported natural handmade paper and a very unique style of painting called Nihonga - that is what Madhu Jain's exhibition 'Nihonga - A Japanese Style' is about.The artist, using special rock powders derived from natural minerals, shells, corals, semi-precious stones, gold and silver leaves has created Nihongas that have an unmistakable Indian touch. The exhibition, a part of the event to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the diplomatic relations between India and Japan, will be on till early next week.The Counsul General of Japan Tamon Mochida, who was present on the first day of the exhibition appreciated the work and said, \"These paintings are not Indian; they are a collaboration of Japanese techniques and pigments but the theme is very Indian. And it showcases the Indo-Japanese association.\"After 35 years of water and oil paintings, Madhu, impressed with the Nihongas she saw at an exhibition in Japan, decided to learn the unique and traditional art form. She studied the language for seven years, so that she could learn the techniques from the masters who could not impart the knowledge in any other language.\"My art has been appreciated worldwide and I've had many international and national exhibitions. This technique of using rock pigments originated in India but it has long gone from our country and is no longer known or used by anyone here. I am perhaps the only artist who does this work,\" said Madhu.The paintings are done on Washi paper rolls that are a type of handmade paper from fibers of plants. Shell powder or Gofun is derived from weathered natural oyster shells, which are crushed, ground with a stone mill, refined with water and dried naturally. Madhu explains, \"There are different gradations of the powders and each gives a different effect. I use resin or Nikawa - available in the form of crystals or long sticks - to make the glue in a double boiler. This resin and a few drops of water is added to the pigment and then the painting is done using Japanese brushes. The water evaporates and then the glue helps the pigments to stick to the handmade paper.\"This technique, claims Madhu, is by far the most eco-friendly forms of art work because everything used is natural and organic. She imports everything from Japan for her work as the locally available handmade paper might not be able to endure and absorb the pigments well enough.\"There are many layers in each work and it is a challenge to make these pieces of art, but I love it,\" signs off Madhu with a smile.(The exhibition is on at the Nehru Centre Art Gallery, Dr Annie Besant Road, Worli Mumbai till 16 January 2012 )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468504", "title": "10 of 13 IIMs list out", "text": "MUMBAI: After the CAT results were declared on Wednesday, ten out of 13 IIMs have announced individual shortlisted candidates on their respective websites after the CAT results were declared on Wednesday. Based on their admission policies, 10 out of 13 IIMs across the country have declared the list of shortlisted candidates, based on their individual admission policies.The remaining three IIMs are expected to declare their lists shortlists in a couple of days. While there are some lucky candidates who have got their names on more than one IIMs' lists, experts opine that there are always extra names given in these lists as some students do not land up for the second round of admission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11468702", "title": "Jaypee pulls out of Ganga e-way", "text": "NOIDA: In a major setback to the Maya government and commuters, the Jaypee group has reportedly pulled out of the 1,047km-long Ganga Expressway project after withdrawing the Rs 1,000 crore bank guarantee. Sources in the developer group said that the government had failed to provide environmental clearance for the project and it was in no position to invest a huge amount in it.The fate of the Rs 40,000-crore project, which was to connect Greater Noida to Ballia through an eight-lane access-controlled expressway, went under a cloud since May 2009, when the Allahabad High Court restrained the state government from proceeding with the project and directed it to obtain prior environmental clearance from the Centre. Later, farmers' unrest and violent protests against land acquisition regarding compensation issues added to the project landing in limbo.According to sources, the decision comes in wake of the fact that delay in getting the environmental clearance was beyond the control of either the state government or the concessionaire and, hence, the money was being withdrawn.Sources in Jaypee group said that they could foresee no profits from the amount submitted as the fate of the project remained undecided. \"With the court adding to the issue, and non-utilization of the investment, the group decided to withdraw the bank guarantee so that this huge amount could be invested in other projects,\" said a senior official in Jaypee group on the condition of anonymity.The bank guarantee has been returned to the concessionaire with a clause that if and when the project gets the environmental clearance, the amount can be deposited by Jaypee again so that the project can commence.Sources also add that Jaypee has been keeping a close tab on developments in the state. The latest move has reportedly been prompted by the prospect of the forthcoming UP assembly elections. \"Uncertainty about the possibility of the Mayawati government making it back after the polls has probably led to this decision,\" sources said.All opposition parties in UP, including the Samajwadi Party , Bharatiya Janata Party and the Rashtriya Lok Dal, had been vocal in resisting the project. Earlier, farmers' groups and environmentalists, too, had demanded the scrapping of the Ganga Expressway project saying that it was a conspiracy to render farmers unemployed and landless and that it would also expose large parts of the state to environmental hazards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11470464", "title": "BJP deploys votemonger Kushwaha", "text": "LUCKNOW: The BJP may have put under suspension the membership of expelled BSP leader Babu Singh Kushwaha, but the saffron party has no hesitation in using him for its poll campaign.In his first poll appearance, Kushwaha on Thursday addressed a rally in Farrukhabad under the banner of 'Pichhra Varg Aarakshan Bachao Sammelan' (Save OBC reservation meet).As the name of the rally suggests, he spoke against the minority sub-quota under OBC quota announced by the UPA government. He also urged people to vote for BJP and pleaded non-guilty, describing the BSP as a fascist party which humiliated him and threw out without caring for his lifelong services.Kushwaha said he had taken up the mission to save reservation for backward classes which the Congress party has divided by chopping out 4.5% quota for minorities. \"If Congress is so concerned about the minorities, it should give them a separate quota,\" he said.Kushwaha was expelled from the BSP after surfacing of the National Rural Health Mission scam following the murder of two chief medical officers. He is prime suspect in the scam which is being probed by the CBI. The CBI raided his establishments on January 4, a day after he joined BJP.Though the public rally was supposedly orgainzed by Kushwaha, local BJP sources said the party had organized it. The BJP candidate from the Amritpur constituency, Shushil Shakya, was busy since morning gathering crowd and also remained at the rally site during the entire function. But he avoided talking to the media and even maintained a good distance from the stage.Nearly 40% voters of the four constituencies of the Farrukhabad district belong to the backward community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11468929", "title": "Number of Plus II examinees goes down", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Around 2.27 lakh students will appear in the annual higher secondary (Plus II) examination in 2012, which is 29,000 less than last year's figure, sources said. Last year. 2.56 lakh candidates registered for the examination, conducted by the Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE), Odisha.The examinees who have filled up forms online for the examination comprise 1.16 lakh boys and 1.10 lakh girls, the student academic management system (SAMS) revealed.The figure includes 59,000 students in science stream, 21,000 in commerce and 1.46 lakh in arts, sources added. The CHSE was expecting around 2.5 lakh students to fill up forms for the examination this year.Thursday was the last date for transfer of examination fees by the colleges to the CHSE. The colleges are required to submit other relevant details by January 18.The examination will begin on March 2 and will end in by April 2. Theory papers will be over by March 27, and practical examinations will be held after that. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468090", "title": "Slipper threat against Rushdie irks intellectuals", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of Muslim intellectuals has condemned Raza Academy's \"provocative\" announcement against controversial writer Salman Rushdie .On Thursday, the organization that has a following among Sunni Muslims, promised a reward of Rs 1 lakh to anyone who hurled footwear at the author of controversial book 'The Satanic Verses' during the latter's visit to Jaipur, where he will participate in a literary event later this month. \"Raza Academy announces an award of Rs one lakh to anyone who hurls a slipper on Salman Rushdie's face on his visit to Jaipur,\" read the Academy's statement. The group also promised legal aid to the would-be assailantperson who committed this deed.Outraged Muslim scholars reacted sharply. \"This is incitement to violence, crime and is condemnable. Muslims should just ignore Rushdie,\" said eminent surgeon Dr A R Undre. Undre who also runs an educational society in his ancestral village in Konkan added that any step which leads to incitement and violence is unacceptable in a civilized society.Urdu journalists, who have misgivings about Rushdie's \"blasphemous\" book The Satanic Verses, are perturbed by the group's \"absurd\" manner of protest. \"This is absurd and only shows Raza Academy in poor light. This will only harm Muslims as someone might get tempted and break the law,\" said Urdu columnist Hasan Kamaal. Many Urdu editors, though criticizing Rushdie's blasphemous book 'The Satanic Verses', felt disturbed at the Raza Academy's \"utterly absurd\" way of protest. \"This is absurd and only shows the Raza Academy in poor light. This will only harm the Muslims as someone might get tempted and break the law,\" said Urdu columnist Hasan Kamaal.Moreover, even some religious leaders don't approve of the threat. Senior cleric Maulana Shoeb Koti, who was part of the panelists at a press conference held by Forum Against Blasphemy on Thursday against Rushdie's visit, while who asked the government to stop Rushdie's entry to India, condemned Raza Academy's announcement of a reward for anyone who hurls a slipper on him. \"Tomorrow, a group may announce a reward for his head. The government should deal firmly with anyone who incites people to break laws,\" Koti added.TIMES VIEWOne may or may not agree with Salman Rushdie's world view. But having a difference of opinion-however sharp that difference may be-does not give anyone the freedom to incite violence against Rushdie. Hurling slippers is a crude way of informing Rushdie that there is an opposite viewpoint. The announcement of a reward is also irresponsible; is there any way the organization can ensure that the slipper-thrower will stop at it and not go on to more serious acts of violence? Differences of opinion should be exhibited in a more dignified manner. Those opposing Rushdie should also pause to think whether their action will actually let him claim the moral high ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11468658", "title": "2nd term of MTU may get delayed", "text": "NOIDA: Even as the results of the first term exams of Mahamaya Technical University (MTU) have been delayed due to the admission fiasco, university officials fear that this might end up in delaying the second semester. Many students were admitted in affiliated colleges of the university in spite of them not meeting the minimum requirements.The university was forced to postpone the exams due to the faulty admissions, thus delaying the entire schedule. As the correction of exam papers has been delayed, which was supposed to end before the beginning of the New Year, results will be announced by the end of January.At the start of the academic year, 65,000 students were registered into the university out of which around 1,000 students were found ineligible during verification of documents for examinations.Sources said the admission fiasco has disrupted the year's academic schedule and the university was hard pressed to rectify the situation. \"The university is new and we are trying very hard to modernize the education system. But a problem such as this surely sets us back,\" explained an official.The university's vice chancellor, SK Kak, said, \"The postponing of exams has resulted in a delay in checking, but marks will be announced throughout the month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11467351", "title": "Eco-friendly habits a passe in city", "text": "PATNA: Patnaites are unwilling to use green products like disposable bags and adopt eco-friendly methods of living. This was revealed during a survey conducted by Class X students of DPS-Patna at different localities in the city recently.\"People are using poly bags instead of disposable bags,\" said Anushri Maskara, one of the six students of the group which has taken an initiative to promote eco-friendly habits with a motto, \"Think globally, act locally\".The group of six, called \"Eco Comrades\", include Saumya Anand, Deeksha Devendra, Neha Singh, Zoya Fatima and Arpita Goya besides Anushri. Their four-day survey from January 6 covered a number of residents in Anisabad, S P Verma Road, Bhattacharya Road and Nageshwar Colony localities. The surveyors said the common refrain among the residents was \"We do not want to spend an extra penny just to buy eco-friendly products. It is quite unusual for us\".According to the survey report, awareness towards green building codes is extremely low among the people. \"We have asked the people to plant trees on the southern side of their buildings. This will keep the buildings cool in summer and warm during winter,\" one of the Eco Comrades said.Most of the persons surveyed did not have any idea about certified standards of furniture. \"We have suggested to them to use wood which is certified for furniture under the standards established by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC). FSC certification involves third-party evaluation and monitoring of sustainable forestry practices,\" the Eco Comrade added.To explore the issue further, the Eco Comrades are trying to cover more and more people in the survey. \"We want to motivate youngsters towards using eco-friendly products. We'll organize several informal awareness programmes to spread the message,\" the Eco Comrade said and added one such awareness programme was organized near Patna Junction on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11469394", "title": "Girl drowns in Guirim well", "text": "A five-year-old girl, Savita Meghawat, drowned after falling into a well at Guirim-Bardez. Mapusa police said that the deceased slipped and fell into the well. Locals, who gathered at the site, managed to bring her out and with the help of the police shifted her to the district hospital at Peddem-Mapusa. However, the girl wasdeclared 'brought dead' and her body was sent for an autopsy.CBI to take over Balli probe: Senior CBI officials visited the South Goa district police headquarters in connection with the nine cases registered over the May 25, 2011, agitation at Balli by the United Tribals Alliance Association (UTAA). The CBI officers also visited the site of offence, sources said. The nine cases are in the process of being transferred to the CBI from the crime branch.Operator falls from factory terrace, dies: Ramdas Popat Naik Gaonkar, 46, an operator at a paints factory at Kundaim industrial estate, Ponda, accidentally fell from the second floor and died while he was being shifted for medical treatment on Thursday. Police sources said that Gaonkar was trying to check the water level in the tank located on the second floor terrace of the factory premises. Due to slippery conditions outside the tank he fell sustaining severe injuries. He was immediately rushed to Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, for treatment, but he succumbed to his injuries before he could reach the hospital. Ponda police have registered the case as an 'unnatural death' under Section 174 of the Criminal Procedure Code.Vasco girl dies after fall from balcony: A 10-year-old girl, the daughter of a fire fighter attached to the Vasco fire station, succumbed to her injuries while undergoing treatment on Thursday, after she fell from the balcony of her flat at the fire department quarters. Vasco fire station in-charge Francisco Mendes said that on Saturday evening, the girl, Ayushi Ghoghale, fell from the balcony on the second floor of their quarters near the Kadamba bus stand. The girl tried to balance herself near the edge of balcony while other children were playing downstairs. The neighbours asked her to go inside time and again, but eventually Ayushi fell, injuring her head. Ayushi, a student of Deepvihar high school, was immediately taken to a private hospital at Chicalim, where hospital authorities declined to attend to her due to absence of a neuro surgeon. She was shifted to the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, where she could not be admitted in the intensive care unit due to lack of space. She was admitted to a private hospital in Campal-Panaji where she breathed her last. Doctors said that Ayushi suffered multiple head injuries and her condition was critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "director", "code": "11468266", "title": "Ghost: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Puja Jatinder Bedi Cast: Shiny Ahuja, Sayali BhagatGhost is the kind of film you should never watch alone. Not because it will spook you but for the only reason that mazaa toh sab ke saath aata hain ! Fun is always multiplied when shared with friends and Ghost belongs to that genre of unintentionally funny films that enjoy cult status with connoisseurs of, what one may call as, accidental entertainment.This one is a slasher flick with (in-your-)face horror of the variety that could put Ramsays to shame. The film's about a ghost with an inadvertent romantic streak as it literally steals its victim's hearts out of their bodies. It dances atop a tree (as if giving tribute to Betaal) and bleats like a goat (as if making bakra of the unsuspecting viewer). The fainthearted need not complain for even they can enjoy this horror flick which promises more fun than fear. The zombie is honest and upfront and appears without any pretensions, ensuring you feel safe (rather than scared) in its prolonged presence.If you still interested in the story (or the lack of it) here you go. Dr Suhani (Sayali Bhagat) fulfils the prerequisite of the traditional horror-film heroines who are shit-scared yet always step into uncharted territory to discover something supernatural. Vijay Singh (Shiny Ahuja) qualifies as the protagonist prototype who ignore paranormal activity to start with but are interlinked with it soon after. A series of 'heart-breaking' murders happen in the hospital and Vijay is the investigating detective.Further he is conveniently diagnosed of selective memory loss and evidently his past has come back to haunt the hospital. The heroine reads out random incomprehensible verses from Bible and those are interpreted into real life. If that was not enough there's an entity carrying two owls on his shoulder who plays the rechristened avatar of Yamraaj. A female version of the passion of Christ is forced in the climax in a desperate attempt to strike an analogy with Jesus.On a serious note, Ghost neither scores in storytelling nor in shock treatments. The plot dates back to an obsolete revenge drama while the horror treatment is lame and ludicrous. Unlike most mediocre horror flicks that at least try to cover up the lack of an original story with shock tactics and sound effects, Ghost doesn't even attempt that. The horror is too barefaced with a shabby-masked zombie appearing at regular intervals to eat your heart out. One is too acclimatized with the ghost to be surprised with its entry. Even the body-butchering scenes do not affect much.Amidst all this is a half-baked romance track between Shiny Ahuja and Sayali Bhagat who actually seem absolutely uninterested in each other. The investigation plot never registers nor do you care for it. The background score often misleads. A garish item song is more horrifying than the ghost per se. Puja Jatinder Bedi triples up as the writer, editor and director of this horror flick and scores a perfect hat-trick at disaster.The performances are as lifeless as the film. Shiny Ahuja remains deadpan and fails to display anything beyond his pink lips. He seems atrociously uncomfortable in a dance number where he desperately seeks for cues. Sayali Bhagat lacks spirit. Julia Bliss is awful.Coming back to its original fan-club, Ghost is killer stuff in the unintentionally funny zone. Just ensure you have likeminded company and be prepared to laugh like hell!Verdict: Poor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11468943", "title": "Fiesta for foodies at hotels, restaurants", "text": "LUDHIANA: This Lohri, the notorious Punjabi sweet tooth of city people will be well catered to by restaurants and hotels of the city, some of which have already started food festivals while some have added new dishes to their menu and the rest are giving complimentary dishes to their customers. From rewadi, gachak to Amritsari fish curry, \"dahi k kabab,\" \"kanak ki kheer\" and \"phirni,\" everything is there to add to the foodies' delight.Gigabite restaurant in MBD mall has started a three-day food festival from Thursday during which it is offering Punjabi dishes like \"sarson ka saag,\" \"bhatti da murg,\" \"Amritsari fish curry,\" \"Rajmah rassila,\" \"Patiala murg,\" \"kadhai pakora\" and \"til de laddu\" to people. Mall's general manager Rakesh Rawat said Lohri is a traditional festival, so it was decided to serve Punjabi cuisine to people. They have decorated the restaurant with kites and an illusion of Lohri bonfire has been created to give a feel of Lohri.Geoffrey restaurant at Aansal Plaza mall is offering free mocktails to the arrivals. F&B; manager Naveen Uniyal said after coming to the restaurant, people generally ask for drinks, so it's better that they get complimentary mocktails. The Yellow Chilli restaurant in Sarabha Nagar market has planned to serve \"phirni\" to all the guests. \"This has been done to compliment the festive fervor,\" says Harjinder Singh, the restaurant owner. He said \"phirni\" will be given on a complimentary basis so that people can relish it on Lohri.Hotel Keys on Pakhowal road had started Curry food festival during which various vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes will be served to people. F&B; manager Randip Grewal said what they are offering to the visitors is free combos with every curry that includes rice and breads. They have given Punjabi tadka to every curry so that residents can relate it with the festival. Spice Cube restaurant at Ferozepur road is offering \"dahi k kabab\" in the main course and honey chilli lotus steam for Lohri. Executive chef R S Aaggarwal said Lohri is purely a Punjabi festival, so they are offering two new dishes besides \"kanak ki kheer\" and that too on a complimentary basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469351", "title": "Amravati con man tries to defraud NMC of Rs24 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: The keen observation of NMC's finance and account officer Madan Ghadge prevented a fraud of Rs24 lakh on Thursday.While checking the accounts, Ghadge noticed three fake cheques in the name of three people at separate banks amounting to Rs24 lakh submitted by an unknown person. The first cheque was of Rs7 lakh in the name of Harihant Electrical Works submitted at Gondia's UCO bank.The other two cheques were for Rs13 lakhs in the name of Ashok Patil at Wardha Bank and Rs4 lakhs in the name of Prakash Rathod at Amravati's State Bank of India .Sadar police found that the people in whose names the cheques were made out did have accounts with NMC. The fraudster had details of these persons and their links with NMC, and then drawn the forged cheques.Cops are suspecting that an NMC insider was involved in the fraud. Investigations so far have revealed that the fraudster is a native of Amravati. Sadar police are investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11467282", "title": "\u2018Violence will not bring positive change\u2019", "text": "PUNE: Tibetan spiritual guru Dalai Lama said spiritual leaders need to play a proactive role in helping India attain the status of a world leader.\"Indians have immense capabilities but, my experiences with the political and bureacratic sections make me realise that people do not think beyond the interest of their state or community,\" he said during the session on 'Yes, India Can' at the second Indian student parliament at the MIT School of Government here on Thursday. \"I believe a lot can change in India if there is a change in people's approach,\" he added.He said, \"Unlike the time of our generation, when violence took a precedence over non-violence, the young generation of the 21st century has shown that complex issues can be resolved through dialogue and discussion. Violence can never bring about a positive change but only complicates the problem.\"The Dalai Lama said, \"The ultimate source of happiness lies in calm mind and self-confidence, which materialistic things like money can't provide to an individual. Self-confidence comes from non-violence, which includes motivation and compassion.\"\"The essence of non-violence through education is necessary and India can make a significant contribution in this context. We need a vision to reach global level along with modern education, healthy body and spiritual mind,\" said the Dalai Lama.\"The real change in rural India will happen with the development of education, health facility and modern farming methods,\" the Dalai Lama said, adding that the winds of change and progress that swept across India post-Independence are yet to transform the rural areas in the true sense.He cited the example of Japan, which has attained sufficient foodgrain production through application of modern technology despite having limited land and other resources.The Dalai Lama described India as his second home as the country has nurtured Buddhism and Buddhist traditions through centuries.Earlier, addressing a session on 'Leading India', Bharatiya Janata Yuwa Morcha chief and MP Anurag Singh Thakur said, \"The youth have an important role in bringing change in the country through a inclusive approach and vision.\"The three-day event, which served as a platform for young representatives of universities from across the country to express their views on critical issues faced by the country, concluded with a valedictory function, which was attended, among others, by noted film director-actor Mahesh Manjrekar.Vanrai president and former Union minister Mohan Dharia, noted computer expert Vijay Bhatkar, MIT group of institutions' founder head Vishwanath Karad and MITSoG dean Rahul Karad, who is also convener of the event, were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11470306", "title": "HC to recruit 185 magistrates directly, no role for TNPSC", "text": "CHENNAI:Tamil Nadu's subordinate judiciary, which is battling more than 20%vacancies in its ranks and nearly 13 lakh pending cases, has at last found a reason to smile. After a gap of more than two years, the Madras high court will soon recruit 185 judicial magistrates/district munsifs, and the entire exercise will be completed without involving the tainted Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission (TNPSC) as a \"one-time measure\".Passing orders on a batch of public interest writ petitions, the first bench, comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, on Thursday said the state government had agreed to the court's proposal to complete the recruitment without the TNPSC's assistance.As on date, at least 48 of 184 districtcadre posts are vacant in Tamil Nadu, besides 35 sub-judge vacancies and about 120 judicial magistrate/district munsif vacancies. These vacancies, coupled with the pendency of about 12.4 lakh cases, had left the whole subordinate judiciary wobbling due to overburden.'Selection to judiciary must be done carefully'Since 2009, when about 170 judicial magistrate/district munsifs were recruited, the higher judiciary and the state government had been exchanging only letters without being able to commence the recruitment process.During the two years, many more retired, requiring the judiciary to urgently recruit at least 185 civil judges, who occupy the lowest ladder in the judicial hierarchy. Besides disposal, the vacancy position had started adversely affecting the career progress of subordinate judicial officers due for promotion.Indirectly referring to the vigilance raids and cases against the TNPSC chairman and members, the bench cited a letter of Tamil Nadu Advocates Association which wanted the recruitment to be done without the involvement of the TNPSC. During the recent raids, the state vigilance sleuths recovered hard disks, hall tickets, ministers' recommendation letters, unpublished selection lists, cash, etc. from the TNPSC premises and that of its top brass, indicating large-scale corrupt practices. PILs against Group II service recruitment done by the TNPSC are already pending in the court.\"When selection for judicial service of the state is made, it is necessary to exercise utmost care to see that competent and eligible persons possessing high degree of rectitude and integrity are selected. Because, if we do not have good, competent and honest judges, the democratic policy of the state itself will be in serious peril,\" observed the judges.Tracing the history of vacancies and the need to amend the recruitment rules to ensure speedy completion of the exercise, the judges also said that advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan informed the bench on Wednesday that the home department had given its consent for recruitment of 185 civil judges by the HC without the assistance of the TNPSC 'as a one-time measure'.The prospect of recruitment of 185 civil judges has arisen just a day after the Supreme Court expressed anxiety over a large number of unfilled judicial vacancies. Quite candidly, the apex court admitted that it too was to be blamed for the delay in such appointments, despite the pendency of over 2.77 crore cases at various levels of the judiciary.The vacancy status in the higher judiciary is no better, as more than 31 per cent of judge posts in high courts and the Supreme Court remained vacant for long. As per the Union law minister's statement, of the 895 sanctioned posts of judges in the apex court and 21 high courts of the country, 284 were vacant as on August 1, 2011.The largest number of vacancies is in Allahabad high court where 98 of 160 posts have not been filled. Himachal Pradesh high court is the only one which has no vacancies. Sikkim high court is functioning with just one judge against its sanctioned strength of three. The 21 high courts have a cumulative pendency of 42,17,903 cases as on September 30, 2010. The highest number of pending cases is in Allahabad, where 9,73,599 cases are yet to be disposed of. Sikkim has the least pendency of 52 cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11468857", "title": "Vijay Pai Khot plays 'wait-and-watch' game", "text": "PANAJI: Bharatiya Janata Party Canacona MLA Vijay Pai Khot has said that he will announce his decision on joining Congress at the right time. Khot has also kicked off his election campaign.Speaking to TOI Khot said, \"I have adopted a wait-and-watch stand (on joining Congress), I have taken a decision which will be announced at right time.\"TOI had reported that Khot is likely to join the Congress party. He will be the third BJP MLA to jump to Congress.Sources close to Khot said, \"Khot has decided to contest the assembly election at any cost. He has started meeting people in Canacona constituency\" he addedCongress sources said that there is still time for Khot to join the party. Congress screening committee meeting is likely to discuss this issue. Khot has already met AICC president Sonia Gandhi , political secretary Ahmad Patel and discussed his joining.Pai Khot was trying to join Congress for quite some time, but due to opposition from education minister Atanasio (Babush) Monserrate it has been delayed a couple of times. Monserrate wants ex-Poinguinim MLA Isidore Fernandes to be nominated in Canacona.Recently Babush said that he will first try to get himself and his wife ( Jennifer Monserrate) a ticket and only then will he lobby for others.Khot contested his first election in 1999 and was defeated. Khot won in 2002 and 2007 assembly elections from Canacona on a BJP ticket. After delimitation of constituencies, Poinguinim constituency has disappeared but the BJP is likely to nominate Poinguinim MLA Ramesh Tawadkar for Canacona which is the main reason why Khot is contemplating joining Congress.In 2007, the BJP strength in the 40-member state legislative assembly was 14 seats which was reduce to 12 after Patnekar and Sopte resigned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468377", "title": "HC cancels Sai\u2019s CBI custody", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP High Court on Thursday suspended the seven-day CBI custody of V Vijay Sai Reddy, accused number two in the Jagan assets case. A vacation bench comprising Justices L Narasimha Reddy and KG Shankar gave the order after hearing a plea filed by the defendant.The bench noted that the extension of custody was given by an in-charge court on a day when the regular judge of the CBI court was on leave. The court, however, allowed the CBI to move the petition seeking custody before the regular CBI court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11469008", "title": "Young Indians plant saplings to mark National Youth Day", "text": "LUDHIANA: Members of Young India, Ludhiana, took an innovative initiative to serve two noble causes at once. They marked the National Youth Day by planting saplings in Bal Bhawan and spending time with the children at the orphanage on Thursday. The members made the kids aware of the need to plant saplings in order to save the environment.More than 50 saplings were planted at Bal Bhawan premises. The members then interacted with the kids. Vice-chairperson of Young India, Ludhiana, Sifti Riat said, \"We decided to spread awareness about the need to have greenery among Bal Bhawan kids as this orphanage had no plants at its premises. Other children learn about the green cause at schools and through other resources, but these kids don't.''Riat said Young Indians work towards promoting leadership qualities among the youth as this would help in development of the nation in the long run. Young India members include youth from all sections of society like school and college students, professionals and entrepreneurs, Riat added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11469184", "title": "\u2018Nakkeeran\u2019 sorry for Jaya article", "text": "CHENNAI: In a bid to end the controversy relating to publication of a \"defamatory\" article on chief minister J Jayalaltihaa, the Tamil bi-weekly \" Nakkeeran\" on Thursday told the Madras high court that it has realized its mistake and was prepared to publish a regret message.\"Counsel for the respondents (editor R R Gopal and associate editor A Kamaraj) very fairly submitted that they have realized their mistake and that they are publishing a regret message on the cover page of the next issue and that they will also withdraw the allegations made (against Jayalalithaa),\" said the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam on Thursday.Recording the statements made on behalf of the duo, the judges directed their counsel to file an affidavit in that regard.They were passing orders on a contempt of court petition filed by chief minister Jayalalithaa stating that the duo had published a grossly defamatory article against her in violation of the April 6, 2006 order of the high court, which had said the magazine should not publish any personal details of Jayalalithaa without incorporating her version. The bench then adjourned the matter to January 18 for further hearing.In a separate but related development, a single judge of the court granted conditional anticipatory bail to Gopal and Kamaraj, stating that they should not publish anything disparaging against Jayalalithaa.Justice M M Sundresh, granting anticipatory bail to the duo, said they should \"not publish any such derogatory and disparaging material touching upon the personal life of chief minister of Tamil Nadu.He asked them to sign before the Zam Bazaar police in the city daily at 10.30am for a period of four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11469906", "title": "Call centre staffer hangs herself", "text": "BANGALORE: A call centre employee hanged herself from the roof of her friend's house in Adugodi on Thursday.Neelam Chi, 23, was employed at a call centre on Hosur Road. She was living with her parents and working with an IT major in Pune. She came to Bangalore three days ago after she got a job here. She was staying with her friend, Priyanka, at Nanjunde Garden in Adugodi.Priyanka found Neelam hanging in the bedroom around 8am. She had left behind a suicide note, saying no one was responsible for her death. However, Priyanka told police that Neelam's mother had died a few months ago and her father, Nandakumar, had married again.Neelam was not happy with the marriage, and this might have driven her to commit suicide, police said.However, police said there was no substantial evidence to support this as motive.The body was shifted to KIMS Hospital. A postmortem will be conducted after her father arrives, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11470493", "title": "Redraw states to end dam row: DMK", "text": "CHENNAI: With the Kerala government insisting that a new dam was the only solution to the Mullaperiyar row, DMK chief M Karunanidhi on Thursday revived a five-decade-old demand that Peermedu and Devikulam taluks in Kerala, where the reservoir is located, be made a part of Tamil Nadu.Urging the Centre to take steps to restore them to the state, Karunanidhi, in a statement, said, \"Now the Centre should rectify the wrong committed in 1886 by the British governor of then Madras presidency and the injustice committed to Tamil Nadu during the division of states on linguistic basis.\" He added: \"The state's stand is compelling us to press for retrieval of Devikulam and Peermedu which historically and geographically belonged to Tamils and Tamil Nadu.\"Expressing the hope that the state would take \"serious efforts\" to retrieve the two taluks attached to Idukki district in Kerala, Karuannidhi said it was the neglect of the demand to annex them to Tamil Nadu that had flared up into a major row between the two states.Karunanidhi said while the SC-appointed empowered committee, headed by Justice A S Anand, was going into the issue, Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy was insisting on building a new dam and settling the issue through talks.He said the demand for retrieving Peermedu, where the dam is constructed, and Devikulam, under which the it's catchment area falls, was raised by DMK founder C N Annadurai way back in January 1956.Kerala and Tamil Nadu have been at loggerheads over the dam, built under an 1886 accord. While Tamil Nadu has been insisting on the dam's storage capacity being increased from 136ft now to 142ft as per a SC order, Kerala has insisted on a new dam on a site close to the present one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11470394", "title": "Civic workers demand pay", "text": "MYSORE: Scores of pourakarmikas on Thursday staged protest near Mysore City Corporation demanding pay hike here on Thursday. The protesters also demanded that salary be released in the first week of every month. Maara, a Pourakarmika claimed that 12 days have passed and still they haven't received present month's salary and urged to give salary before Sankranti festival.The pourakarmikas also demanded regularization of jobs of contract employees. The employees submitted a memorandum MCC Commissioner K S Raykar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11470516", "title": "CWG case: Arguments on charges from Feb 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arguments on framing of charges against sacked Commonwealth Games Organizing Committee chief Suresh Kalmadi and others in a CWG-related corruption case will start from February 1, a special CBI court said on Thursday while directing the defence to finish scrutiny of documents by the end of this month.Special CBI judge Talwant Singh decided on day-to-day proceedings in the case from Friday and directed the accused to be brought to court everyday at 10 am so that they could discuss with their lawyers during scrutiny of documents. \"It is directed that scrutiny work be over by January 31. Arguments on charge will start from February 1 ,\" the court said.It directed the defence counsel to complete the scrutiny of documents, filed by CBI along with the chargesheet, by the end of this month . \"Whatever documents are there on judicial record, you (counsel) can take their photocopies. I am taking up the case on a day-to-day basis. I try to accommodate everyone here but then this allegation comes that there is delay in trial by the court,\" the judge said.The court's remarks came while dealing with the applications of various accused that documents provided by CBI, along with the chargesheet, were incomplete or illegible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469287", "title": "Thieves try to break open ATM, fail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A gang of thieves tried to break into an ATM on Drive-In road to steal the cash inside but couldn't breach the two-inch thick storage area of the machine and abandoned the attempt. The incident was reported on Thursday morning by bank officials to Vastrapur police.According to investigators, Shankaran Chidambaram, manager of Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), Thaltej, informed police control room about an attempted theft on Thursday morning. As per his complaint, the ATM of the bank at Yogi Complex on Drive-In road was broken open by the thieves between 4 am on Wednesday and 9 am on Thursday.\"The machine's top was forced open and the thieves tried to break open the safe containing the currency notes. However, they could not manage to break the steel plate. We found a lot of scratch and burn marks on the interior and exterior of the machine. The kiosk's CCTV footage shows a group entered the ATM around 4 am on Wednesday after which a member of the group, whose face was covered, broke the CCTV camera,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Investigators said the ATM contained Rs 7 lakh cash. \"The breach was detected by a staff member when he went there to physically inspect the machine which was showing as faulty. He was shocked to find the ATM broken. He immediately informed his seniors and the police. Forensic experts have found three or four fingerprints from the crime scene and we suspect them to the thieves',\" said the official.Officials were also surprised to see the trash in a nearby litter bin was burnt. Investigators believe the thieves either started a fire to break the machine or to get some respite from the chilly cold inside the ATM centre. \"Surprisingly, nobody reported the incident on Wednesday itself. We have also questioned some security guards deployed nearby,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473475", "title": "Jane Fonda's intimacy lessons", "text": "Jane Fonda only learnt how to be \"intimate\" when she reached the age of 60.The 74-year-old actress - who has been married three times - admitted it wasn't until she split from third husband, media mogul, Ted Turner , that she felt \"whole\".She said: \"Everything came late to me - my voice, my becoming whole, my learning intimacy. All those things happened after I turned 60.\"And I think it's a very hopeful lesson. It is never too late.\"The Oscar-winning actress explained although her split from Ted - who was 11 years her senior - was \"very, very, very painful\", she finally became herself once their 10-year union came to an end.Jane added in TV show 'Oprah Presents Master Class': \"I remember when I was 62 and I had done something that was very, very, very painful and difficult. I had left Ted Turner, my third husband, who I loved very, very much.\"He had 23 huge properties and a private plane that slept eight, but I knew that I would die married and rich, but not whole.\"I moved into the guest room in my daughter's home. It was a small room with no closet, me and my golden retriever , and it was perfect. I was so raw and so sad, and at the same time I could feel myself moving back into myself.\"I knew that hard and painful as this was, that I wasn't scared of being alone. I wasn't scared for the first time in my life to not be with a man, and that whatever lay in front of me, I would be able to do it as a whole person. It was a seminal moment for me.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11468766", "title": "India and Bharat are not enemies: Lord Desai", "text": "GUWAHATI: The political science department of Gauhati University organized an interactive session with the reputed economist and member of the Labour Party , UK, Lord Meghnad Desai on Thursday. The theme for the event was Globalisation, Nationalism and Democracy.Desai tried to correlate the three issues of globalisation, nationalism and democracy and put forward his basic argument supporting globalisation. He said \"India and Bharat are not enemies but friends and should remain so in order to achieve wide scale development in the country.\"He said, \"Let's take an example of our national television network. Before the opening of the economy and the existence of private television or news channels, the channels reported only about limited incidents. They never highlighted the major issues, but after the entrance of the private players, the image of media quickly changed. Globalisation brought in new avenues producing more opportunities. With new avenues the problem of identity will be reduced ushering in development,\" said Desai.\"The subject of poverty and other major issues were all omnipresent prior to globalisation. Globalisation brought to the surface the matter of poverty, and with globalisation the yardsticks to measure poverty has changed. With proper implementation of globalization, people can come out of their primordial strata and nationalism could be faded, paving the way for negotiating new economic policies,\" added Desai.The economist , who also contested for the post of the speaker in the British Parliament, stated that liberalisation and opening up of the national economy has helped the poor to take advantage of schemes like MGNREGA, food security bill etc. On the issue of nationalism and democracy he opined that cultural identity should be in tune and in cohesion with one another. \"Identity should open up and it is only through this that full economic development can take place. People should allow competition so that they can excel. As a result of democracy, economic sovereignty will be negotiated and will not be isolated. It has to change with the constant,\" said Desai.\"The session was very active and students and professors participated whole heartedly in the session,\" said Nani Gopal Mahanta, associate professor, political science, and coordinator, peace and conflict studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469671", "title": "Times Ascent Job Fair starts on Friday", "text": "NAGPUR: With a purpose to reach out to the city youth, a job fair has been organized by Times Ascent in association with Persistence International Institute of Management (PIIM) on January 13 and 14. To be held at Naivedhyam Celebration Centre, opposite NIT Swimming Pool, North Ambazari Road, the fair aims to provide an avenue where jobseekers can meet, interact, and interview with several top employers under one roof.The fair will be inaugurated by Nagpur University's vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal and the organizers are confident that job aspirants will benefit from the variety of sectors and companies being represented.The timings of the job fair will be from 10.30am to 6.30pm. Times Ascent is a supplement of The Times of India which is published every Wednesday and features advertisements of jobs at all levels in India and abroad. The supplement also has articles that give an insight into human resources and corporate life.The job fair will feature several top companies like aXYKno, DP Jain and Company Infrastructure, Gupta Group, ITM edutech, IT Mystix, Krishna Belts Pvt Ltd, Murli Industries, NIIT, NIT Graduate School of Management, Orange City Water, PIE, Raisoni Group, Satvik Group, Sikkim Manipal University, SMS, Vishwaraj Infrastructure, Virtual Galaxy and Vive Institute of IT &amp; Management Studies looking for skilled workers in several fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468684", "title": "35% auto, taxi drivers have poor vision", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 35% auto and taxi drivers, who went for an eye check-up in a camp organized by the RTO in Vikhroli on Wednesday, were found to have poor vision. They drive autos for as long as 12 hours a day.Of the 278 auto and taxi drivers, 106 had vision-related problems, while seven others had been advised to undergo a minor surgery, said an official. The free eye camp was held as part of Road Safety Fortnight. \"It is very important for our auto/taxi drivers to have a good and clear vision while driving. Any error can lead to a serious mishap and prove dangerous to passengers,\" said a deputy regional transport official.As part of the Road Safety Fortnight, the RTO is also looking at innovative ways to reduce the number of refusal cases. In the next couple of days, RTO officials will take to \"Gandhigiri\" to discipline errant auto and taxi drivers \"by requesting them with folded hands, not to refuse passengers outside stations and at crowded localities\". The officials will also request truck/trailer drivers not to overload vehicles, which poses hazard to road safety and other motorists. \"We will use sweet words to convince them that every truck should have proper tail lights, indicators and reflectors. We will neither use force nor enforce the rules for a day or two. Let us see if the Gandhigiri charm works,\" an official said.According to officials, though imposing fines on the drivers during the drive in December proved to be a deterrent to some, it was not the ultimate solution. \"Some automen still refuse and overcharge passengers. There is a need to have a one-on-one talk with the drivers,\" said an official.Another measure that the officials are thinking of is arranging for lectures in colleges . Said a deputy RTO, who visited a Mulund college on Tuesday, \"Our officials are delivering lectures to students on how to get a licence, how to drive safely, the traffic rules and how to ensure safety of pedestrians and other motorists.\" The RTO, in association with a private fleet cab, held a camp for driving instructors on Tuesday and Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11469375", "title": "Sun shines, fog clears, but chill remains", "text": "LUCKNOW: Minimum temperature dropped to 6.8 degrees Celsius in the wee hours of Friday as dry icy winds kept the chill alive even during the day. Despite bright sunshine, the maximum temperature was 20 degrees Celsius, two degrees below normal. Weatherman said that there will be no significant change in the conditions on Friday. However, minimum temperature may rise after January 14.The morning fog got cleared by forenoon. However, haze prevailed throughout the day. Icy winds coming from the snow-fed areas of Himalayans kept the climate cold. People felt the chill even during the afternoon. Though the minimum temperature was two degrees more in comparison to Wednesday, there was no relief for the people on the streets and slum-dwellers who had to battle with the biting cold all night with self-arranged bonfires. The state Met department predicted that the sky will remain clear on Friday and the minimum temperature would be around 6.0 degrees Celsius.Similar reports of cold wave conditions were reported from the other parts of the state. Najibabad was the coldest with 3.2 degrees Celsius, followed by Agra and Banda with 3.2 degrees Celsius each. While Etawah and Muzaffarnagar recorded 4.0 degrees Celsius each, Kanpur shivered at 5.6 degrees Celsius. Shahjahanpur touched a low of 5.2 degrees Celsius, 4.8 degrees Celsius in Aligarh. Mercury dipped to 6.0 degrees Celsius in Rae Bareli, while it touched 6.1 degrees Celsius and 6.8 degrees Celsius in Sultanpur and Gorakhpur respectively. The minimum temperature recorded in Varanasi and Allahabad was 7.6 degrees Celsius and 7.4 degrees Celsius respectively. Maximum temperatures in most parts of the state were between 16-20 degrees Celsius. Both the maximum and minimum temperatures were below normal. Fog was observed in morning hours in some parts. The districts where visibility reduced to 200 metres and below included Kanpur, Rae Bareli, Bahraich, Sultanpur and Gorakhpur. State Met director JP Gupta said that weather would remain dry in most parts of the state on Friday. Fog would occur at few places. Ground frost may occur at some places in west UP. A fresh western disturbance would affect western Himalayan region and adjoining plains from January 14 onwards. The western disturbance is expected to cut off the icy winds lashing the plains, which would increase temperature.Meanwhile, intense cold and fog related accidents claimed 18 more lives in the state during past 24 hours. According to police, while eight persons fell prey to the harsh weather in Barabanki.Five persons died in Jaunpur, four in Maharajganj and one in Lalitpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11464968", "title": "Sharmila Nicollet in Q-School final stage", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sharmila Nicollet of India played some fine golf under pressure to qualify for the final stage of the Ladies European Tour Q-School with a superb even par 73 at the La Manga South Course on Wednesday evening, according to information reaching here.Sharmila finished with a four-round score of eight-over 296 in the tournament played over two courses. Sharmila finished in a tie for 19th place, up from tied 27th overnight.Sharmila had rounds of 74, 80, 69 and 73 and was the only Indian to make the final stage of the LET's Qualifying School.\"It is a fantastic feeling, but I have one more step to go. It has been a great experience playing in these kind of conditions and in such a field,\" said Sharmila, who will now play in the 90-hole Final Stage that begins on Sunday. Sharmila had a great two-under 69 on third day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11467892", "title": "It's jalebis galore &amp; film on X-men for Anurag", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From getting free jalebis and buying a Toyota Fortuner to getting his bike modified, is all that Anurag Shandilya, an animation student wants to do before the apocalypse.First on his wishlist is a 'raid' on the Louis Philippe showroom. \"I love wearing different clothes and Louis Philippe is my favourite brand.'' He wants to wear Louis but wishes to become a brand ambassador for Calvin Klein.Next he wants to gift his dad a Toyota Fortuner, and then give a vintage look to his bike. \"My bike means a lot to me so I will get it modified in a way that gives a vintage look and it should make heads turn,\" said Anurag.After this, he wants to tour India with his girlfriend on his bike. \"I want to visit and see every Indian state, especially the hill stations along with my girlfriend, and no matter how the weather may be, we will travel on my modified bike.\" He also wants to sue the traffic police officer who challaned his bike for the very first time.An important wish on his list, Anurag said he wants to meet Hugh Jackman. \"He is not just my favourite hero but my idol. It would be my life's most memorable day when he will be right in front of me,\" he said. Not just this, he wants to make an animated film of \"X-men origins wolverine\" in which he would motion-capture (animation tool) Hugh Jackman. Being a colossal fan of sweets, especially jalebis, Anurag does not want to let his day end without having these delicacies.He wishes that, \"Something magical should happen to Sindhi sweets so that they start delivering around 5 to 6kg jalebis in my room everyday, without my ordering it.\" On the doomsday, he would go to the temple and spend all his time with his family.\"It feels as if from a long time, I have not had a good time with my family. My last day will be completely dedicated to my family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11469245", "title": "It's a longer wait for Mum-Ahd double-decker AC train ride", "text": "MUMBAI: The wait for the superfast double-decker air-conditioned train between Mumbai and Ahmedabad is going to get longer as the railways will not be able to introduce this service in this financial year as promised in the railway budget for the financial year 2011-2012.The first double-decker AC train between Howrah and Dhanbad was flagged off from Howrah station on October 1, 2011. An announcement was made in the 2011-12 railway budget that this service will be introduced on the Pune-Ahmedabad and Jaipur-Delhi routes.A senior railway official said, \"The design of the coaches is undergoing modification. When the train was introduced on the Howrah-Dhanbad route, the maximum moving dimension of the train infringed with the platforms at many stations. So the platforms had to be modified and trains are now running five times a week on the Howrah-Dhanbad route. It has 9 coaches, including 7 AC double-decker chair cars and two generator cars.According to the plan, the Mumbai-Ahmedabad train was originally scheduled to run before February 2012. The official said, \"The width of the original coach was as per the permissible limit. But after the experience on Howrah-Dhanbad route, it has been decided to reduce changes in the design of the coach so that a similar problem does not occur on other routes.\"The train has been designed by Research Development and Standards Organisation (RDSO). It was manufactured at the Rail Coach Factory, Kapurthala. The width of the double-decker coach on the Howrah-Dhanbad route is 3,123 MM. The railways has decided to reduce the width on coaches to be used on other routes to 3,050 MM.The carrying capacity of the double-decker coach is 128 passengers-almost 70% higher than that of the Shatabdi chair car coach, which can accommodate 78 passengers.The official said, \"Once the coaches are redesigned, trial runs of the rake will be carried out. Thereafter, an approval of the chief commissioner of railway safety will have to be obtained. This process is time-consuming and hence, there is no chances of this service running in this financial year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11468673", "title": "Farmers to intensify protest from today", "text": "INDORE: Accusing the state government of hatching a conspiracy of rendering them jobless, farmers of 50 villages of Indore district launched their protest against the government. The agitating farmers will gather at Kali Billod here on Friday under one umbrella the 'Kishan Shoshan Virodhi Manch' to intensify their protest where Team Anna member Medha Patkar will join them in the protest against land acquisition.The farmers are resisting the move by the government and various agencies including Indore Development Authority (IDA) and its housing board and Audhyogik Kendriya Vikas Nigam (AKVN) and the land acquisition policy of the government under various schemes.The agitating farmers have formed a common forum 'Kishan Shoshan Virodhi Manch' to fight together against the government's move and for saving their fertile agriculture land.Dilip Singh, convener of the Manch said, \"The IDA has acquired farmers' land for three schemes including 151 (super corridor), 169-B super corridor and housing schemes on both sides of the super corridor. Now, when there is no further requirement of development, housing board has again come up with a new scheme at Palakhedi near Indore.\"The farmers alleged that AKVN was already in process to acquire 2,000 hectare of land in areas including Pithampur-Betma auto cluster, Kali-Billod, Ranmal Billod, Ambapura and Salampura, which are also fertile farm land.By acquiring land at Palakhedi, more than 20,000 farmers would become unemployed. According to farmers, IDA housing board and AKVN have already acquired farmers land for their various projects in Tigaria Badshaah, Bhorasala, Khada Bangarda, Bardari, Nanod, Bankh, Lasudia Mori, Rau, Bijalpur, Pipaliyarao, Pipaliyahana, Niranjanpur, Kabeetkhedi, Bicholi Mardana, Tigaria Roa, Kanadia, Jhalaria and Khajrana.Mohmmad Ijaz, a farmer from Pithampur village said, \"Government bodies like IDA acquire farmers' land at low prices and sell the land to the customers at much higher price. Doing this, they have ruined the families of several farmers.\"Meanwhile, the farmers have sighted a sigh of relief after chief minister on Wednesday assured the agitating farmers of Pithampur-Betma auto cluster that injustice would not happen with them. He announced that a fresh land survey would be conducted and if it was found to be necessary, then only land would be acquired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468882", "title": "More obstacles in road to smooth commute", "text": "MUMBAI: Reconstruction work of major and minor roads undertaken by the BMC is now seeing too many obstacles. The recently passed Rs 350 crore minor roads' project is yet to begin as the work order needs to be ratified by the state election commission (SEC). Sources say the roads department have already started the process of taking permission from the SEC.\"We cannot give the work order unless we get the permission from the SEC. The project has been delayed for various reasons. Even after we give the work order for minor roads, preliminary work will take a good amount of time,\" said a roads department official.To add to the woes, the Geneva-based firm, SGS Consultancy, which the civic body had selected for auditing the major and minor roads' project has been dragged to court by NCP group leader and standing committee member Niyaz Vanu. The senior NCP leader is against SGS being awarded the contract for auditing the project without the civic body following the \"right tendering procedure\". \"The civic body cannot give a contract of this magnitude without following the tendering process,\" said Vanu.Sources in the roads department said no orders have been received for preventing SGS from carrying out the auditing work. \"We have to wait till the time the court hears the case on Friday. A lot depends on the court judgment,\" said a roads department official.Till date, the traffic police has granted permission for construction on around 73 roads. The BMC has 161 major roads and over 600 minor roads to complete before the next monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11467520", "title": "\u2018Transporters\u2019 flee with goods worth Rs 4.87L", "text": "PUNE: They came. They packed. They moved. This was the predicament of Prasad Patankar, who was duped by unidentified persons, who came to his brother's house, introduced themselves as employees of a goods transport company and made away with furniture and other household items which were supposed to be transported in Kerala.The suspects also made away with Patankar's brother's car on the pretext of transporting it to Kerala in another vehicle. The incident took place on December 24, 2011, at Karan Park society in Vadgaonsheri. Prasad Patankar has lodged the complaint with the Yerawada police against the unidentified suspects.The Yerawada police said that Patankar's brother Amit Patankar got transferred to Kerala. Amit Patankar's flat was at Vimannagar and he had asked Patankar to help him transporting household items to Kerala. \"Prasad contacted a telephone helpline company and got the number of a movers and packers service provider from Pimpri,\" sub-inspector A R Nandekar said.On December 15, two employees of the company came to Prasad's house and promised him to shift the household items to Kerala in just three days. \"The suspects then went to Vimannagar and saw the items and quoted Rs 37,282, including their charge and insurance,\" Nandekar said.On December 24, the suspects went to Vimannagar and packed 65 household items from Amit Patankar's house, including furniture, refrigerator, washing machine, TV, computer and so on. The suspects also took Amit Patankar's car on the pretext of transporting it from another vehicle. The value of the luggage, including car was Rs 4.87 lakh. \"When the suspects did not reach Kerala within three days, Prasad got suspected. He waited for some more days. He then went to the address of the transport company in Pimpri and found that the company did not exist. He then filed a complaint with the police,\" Nandekar said.Nandekar said the suspects have booked under section 407 (criminal breach of trust by carrier) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11470327", "title": "Team Mangalore will take part in Dubai kite festival", "text": "MANGALORE: The city's intrepid hobby group of kite flyers - Team Mangalore -- has been officially invited to the two-day Dubai International Kite Festival that will be held at Dubai Outlet Mall, Dubai from Friday. The kite festival, being held for the first time in UAE , will showcase some of the best kites from across the world.Team Mangalore, a regular participant at International kite flying festivals, will be represented by its leader Sarvesh Rao and has Arun Amin and Harish Kodialbail on board. Kites of all shapes and sizes including some massive character and theme based kites will be on display. It would be an annual gathering of all kite lovers in the Middle-East. The festival will have workshops on kites, kite making and related subjects.The team had participated in kite festivals held in Canada, United Kingdom, France, Thailand, and Korea, said Rao. It recently participated in the International Kite Festival held at Sri Lanka and its new creation Pushpaka Vimana - the mythological flying vehicle of Ravana - had earned them the appreciation of the people of the island. In 2011, at the Udaipur International Kite Festival, the team had won the first place in the unique design kite category. The team has also participated in the kite festival held in connection with World Kannada Sammelan at Nanawadi, Belgaum recently.Team Mangalore is also gearing up to organize the ONGC-MRPL International Kite Festival 2012 at Panambur Beach on January 21 and 22 for the 4th consecutive year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468770", "title": "High rents upset old building residents", "text": "MUMBAI: The occupants of the 25 dangerous buildings in Bhayander, who have been given the deadline to move out of their flats by the weekend, were disappointed with the skyrocketing rents that landlords are demanding to let out their places.The Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation on January 7 issued eviction notice to residents of the buildings in Bhayandar (E) that are over 30 years old and are dangerous for dwelling. The civic body is already in talks with the police to evict them.Residents said they were staying in dangerous buildings as they could not afford rental homes. \"The rent for a single room in Bhayander is around Rs 3,000 which is not even my monthly income,\" said a resident on B P Road. Security deposits for rental homes are between Rs 30,000 and Rs 50,000. \"We will stay back in the dilapidated building and fight till the last,\" said a resident on Talav Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468445", "title": "Kites to fly at airport tomorrow", "text": "HYDERABAD: Kites of all sizes and shapes will take wing at the Shamshabad airport premises during the Hyderabad Kite Festival 2012 to be held on January 14 and 15 between 11.30 am and 10 pm. The 17-acre expanse of land right opposite the airport building will come alive with festive celebrations as a range of activities like rangoli competitions, bullock cart races, games and of course, kite flying, are scheduled to be held on the occasion of Sankranti.Kalpesh Shah, director, Hyderabad Kite Festival 2012, said, \"People in the city don't have open spaces to truly enjoy kite flying which forms a major part of Sankranti. In the last few years, there have been quite a few cases where children have met with accidents because they were flying kites near busy roads and on terraces. This festival will give everyone an opportunity to enjoy Sankranti in a safe way.\"He further added that the idea was to showcase tradition and culture interspersed with modern entertainment. Participants will have access to over 5,000 kites and other kite flying material like manjha and charkha, which will be distributed free of cost, around 35 handicraft stalls, food and beverage stalls, all with a live DJ playing throughout the festival. Night-time kite flying using lanterns is also part of the programme.The organisers have already received confirmation from around 5,000 people who will be attending the event, of which around 500 are from outside the state and six are professional kite flyers from Jodhpur. Of the six pros, the one name that stands out is that of Asghar Belim, president of the Jodhpur-based Sun City Kite Cub and an award winning kite flyer who has participated in many international kite festivals. An organizer revealed, \"One of the main attractions of the festival is the flying of the Hanuman kite, a huge 20 feet by 20 feet kite, by Asghar. This is the first time Hyderabad will witness something like this.\" Apart from the Hanuman kite, Belim and his team will also showcase around 500 different varieties of kites in various shapes, sizes and colours.Vijay Kumar, marketing in-charge of the event said, \"I think it is great that our city finally has a kite festival of this kind. We want people to fully enjoy Sankranti, which is why we have not kept any entry fee.\" He then added that this festival will be an annual event from now on and they are planning to organise similar events for other traditional festivals like Holi, Ugadi and Diwali too at the same venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469646", "title": "CBSE 12th board exam dates changed due to UP polls", "text": "NAGPUR: The CBSE has decided to make an amendment in the Std XII board exam datesheet due to the Uttar Pradesh assembly elections. The board's controller of examinations MC Sharma sent a circular to stakeholders mentioning the changes, which will be applicable to candidates both in India and abroad.The subjects Political Science (Code 028) and Lending Operations (Code 620) were scheduled to be held on March 3, but will now be held on April 16. While political science is an elective subject, Lending Operations comes under the vocational subject category. Both subjects are independent of each other.The circular said that since the Election Commission of India had postponed the polls in UP from February 4 to March 3, the exam for that day was being postponed as well. There is no exam for Std X scheduled that day.The change means that students who opted for those subjects will have to delay their vacation plans since earlier the last day of the board exam was to be on April 13. Board exams for Std X will be held between March 1 and 26, while the revised Std XII exams will be between March 1 and 16.Meanwhile, Maharashtra's civic bodies too will go to polls on February 16, raising questions about the state board practical exam dates clashing with it. Highly placed sources in the state education confirmed that a meeting in this regard is likely to be held next week.An official the education department told TOI over the phone from Mumbai that it \"seems unlikely that practical exams will be hindered'. On condition of anonymity the official said, \"Senior officers of the state board and education department are currently in Lucknow undergoing a management seminar. They are due to return next week and probably a meeting will be held to discuss the dates. The plan is to start the practical exams from February 2 and complete it well before the civic poll dates.\"Schools are waiting for the schedule to finalize their internal exam dates. Jaspal Singh, principal of Guru Nanak school, said, \"The schedule that we get is basically a window of dates within which we have to complete the practical exams. The letter mentions the name of the external examiner and then we decide when to conduct the exam. So, now that we know the civic poll dates we will make sure that the practical exams are finished well before time.\"speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11468478", "title": "Mehdi Hassan unwell: Rajasthan government offers to bear medical expenses", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan government today offered to bear all medical expenses of ailing legendary Ghazal singer Mehdi Hassan in India.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot enquired about the health of 84-year-old Hassan, who is hospitalised in Pakistan , and offered help in his treatment in India, officials said.Gehlot spoke to Hassan's son Asif Mehdi over telephone and said the state government will bear the expense of the singer's treatment, they said.He also apprised union MOS for external affairs E Ahamed of the discussion and directed Rajasthan chief secretary to remain in touch with the officials of the ministry.Hassan, who was born in Luna village in the state's Jhunjhunu district, had been admitted to the ICU of a private hospital in Karachi on Tuesday after he had trouble breathing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11469673", "title": "Student's murder causes tension at Vandiyur", "text": "MADURAI: The murder of a college student on Wednesday night created tension in Vandiyur, with election motive suspected behind the killing. The victim's relatives, who collected the dead body from Government Rajaji Hospital on Thursday afternoon, took out a road roko demanding the immediate arrest of the killers.P Parthiban (22), son of Pandi from Perumalpatti, Vandiyur, was studying in a private polytechnic college. When he was travelling on his motorbike near his house, a group allegedly intercepted him and hacked him to death. Parthiban died on the spot and the people who saw the murder alerted the Karupayurani police. The police team rushed to the spot and recovered the dead body and sent it to GRH for post mortem.When the relatives collected the dead body from GRH on Thursday afternoon, they picketed the road all of a sudden, demanding that the police arrest the culprits immediately. The relatives and Parthiban's classmates protested saying the police have wrongly cited enmity as the motive for murder to help the real killers go scot-free.Oomachikulam DSP Pandi and other police officials rushed to the spot and negotiated with the relatives. Pandi denied that the police had cited enmity as the main reason for murder and said that election motive had been clearly mentioned as the reason in the FIR. Special teams were pursuing the killers who will be arrested very soon, he promised.After the negotiations, the relatives and students took out a procession with the dead body to Vandiyur. The sudden picketing affected traffic in Panagal road for half-an-hour.Police sources said three special teams were formed to nab the killers. Theysuspect one Murugan from the locality and three of his accomplices. Parthiban's uncle Mohan was a DMK functionary and had asked for a ticket to contest as counsellor for ward 29 of Madurai Corporation. However, he was denied ticket and another DMK functionary, Duraipandi, was chosen. Irked by this, Mohan contested the elections as an independent and won. Parthiban worked hard, supporting his uncle, and carried out all election works diligently. This is said to have irked his opponents which is why Parthiban was murdered, the police said.In a later development, Murugan and his accomplices surrendered in the court on Thursday. Prime accused Murugan (28), Gopi (24), Velu alias Velmurugan (25) from Nethaji Nagar, Vandiyur, and Sonai (24) from Yagappa Nagar surrendered before the Judicial Magistrate court - 6.They were remanded in 15 days' judicial custody. The department will ask for their custody after Pongal holidays for further investigation, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468455", "title": "52 marathons in 52 weeks for this man", "text": "MUMBAI: For most, running is a cumbersome activity. For some, running marathons is a passion. For Madhur Kotharay (44), running a marathon a week was as crazy as it sounds. He completed his phenomenal feat in 2011 and then headed to New Zealand for a much-needed vacation.The faculty member with IIT-Mumbai made an \"out of the blue\" decision to run 52 marathons in 52 weeks in 2011 and achieved it. \"I almost felt that it would be a goal that would be respected even 50 years from now when I die,\" says Madhur.Madhur is not a blindingly fast runner; he takes six hours at times. After a few marathons, he realized that the goal was enormous. \"I completely misjudged the magnitude of the whole thing.\"The most important quality for Madhur was to have the right philosophies for the task. \"I had to set the goal in concrete, a strategy in sand and the perseverance to chase it.\"A quote from Tata Memorial Hospital summarized his 52/52 effort: \"You don't know how strong you are till being strong is the only option you are left with.\"Madhur, who won the best faculty award in 2011, was an IITian doing his BTech in electrical engineering. He did his MSc from Princeton University , US, where he was introduced to the culture of marathon-running. He ran 8-10 marathons in the US before heading back home. In India he ran marathons in Pune and Pondicherry, where the participants were mostly professionals.He is credited with introducing the concept of I-race, which seems to provide a 'golf handicap' for runners by equalizing various factors such as age, weight and temperature for a run and thus gives a level-playing field.Not all his 52/52 was fun. In fact, he was missing deadlines and running a marathon after every sixth day, then every fifth day; it even came down to one in three days.After the 40th marathon, the physical pain was unbearable. \"I realized there was a stress fracture in the ankle but I had a goal and would wrap up my ankle in crepe bandage and run.\"Most of his marathons came in the dull environs of a gym, where running for half an hour is painfully boring. \"The treadmill can be used only for 45 minutes but owners Leena Mogre and Nikhil were kind enough to allow me to use it for six hours.\"His biggest problem was boredom at the treadmill. \"Staring at a blank wall for six hours is the worst punishment. If you think it is boring to watch the proverbial paint get dry, try watching the dry paint,\" he says. He ran through India's innings, as they chased 275 to win the cricket World Cup , watching the action on the gym mirror. \"I saw a right-handed Gautam Gambhir and a left-handed M S Dhoni take India to victory.\" He ran till 3am as India went wild with celebrations.His most enjoyable marathon came in July, when he ran in Lonavla, past revelers at Bushy dam up to the gates of Aamby Valley and back.He even emulated the Tarahumara runners, immortalized by Christopher McDougall's book 'Born To Run'. Tarahumara running is based on endurance not speed and the tribe from North Mexico runs barefoot. When knee pain struck him, he ran small distances barefoot before gym rules forced him to wear shoes with minimal cushioning.Madhur is still excited after running 52 marathons. \"I have run in Mumbai every year, except in 2005, when I was out of India. So I cannot be a patron runner,\" says Madhur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11469571", "title": "Youngsters donate blood on National Youth Day", "text": "JAIPUR: Youngsters on Thursday celebrated the National Youth Day on this year's theme 'Young Donors are Saviours of Lives' in a jam-packed open-air Jawahar Kala Kendra (JKK) auditorium and donated blood.During the programme organized by the Rajasthan State Aids Control Society (RSACS), it announced that the Red Ribbon Express, which was flagged off from Delhi would arrive in the state on January 15. The train would halt at Churu, Sriganganagar, Jodhpur, Jaisalmer and Jaipur before proceeding to Madhya Pradesh.\"The objective of the Red Ribbon Express is to disseminate information regarding primary prevention and providing services, developing an understanding about the infection to reduce stigma and discrimination against people living with HIV/AIDS, strengthening people's knowledge about the measures to be taken to prevent HIV/AIDS and adopting preventive health habits and lifestyle,\" RSACS director P K Sharda said.The target group of the Red Ribbon Express campaign would be the youth (both in rural and semi-urban areas) in the age group of 15 to 49 years, adolescents and students from schools and colleges, members of zila parishads, block samitis and village panchayats.The express train project is introduced by the Union ministry of health and family welfare with the objective of increasing awareness and improving access to services for HIV/AIDS and communicable diseases including TB, malaria and to increase access to reproductive and child health, primarily in rural areas of the country.A department official said looking at the grand success of the Red Ribbon Express campaign, it would soon be launching the third phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468387", "title": "1L more LPG connections to benefit BPL families", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nearly 7,000 below poverty line (BPL) families in Medak stand to receive liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) connections under the Deepam scheme after the state sanctioned one lakh additional (LPG) connections with the district emerging as the biggest beneficiary of the move.While 21 districts in the state have been allotted 3,000 connections each, West Godavari is the second-biggest beneficiary with a quota of 5,000 connections. The allotments are based on a list finalised by district collectors and cleared by the respective minister in charge of a district.The list was drawn up based on assessments at the mandal, municipal corporation, municipality and gram panchayat levels. Civil supplies commissioner Harpreet Singh said on Thursday that of these additional one lakh connections, 25,000 are to be held in 'reserve'.With this, the total number of LPG connections during the 2011-12 financial year to BPL families under the Deepam scheme touches four lakh. Three lakh connections had been sanctioned in August of last year. Official sources said that although the state government had requested the Centre to allot 24 lakh LPG connections to BPL families in the state over a period of three years, oil marketing companies have agreed to arrange for the release of only one lakh extra LPG connections during 2011-12 under the Deepam scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468449", "title": "Scam: MD subjects for a premium", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigations into the MD entrance exam scam unearthed on Sunday made rapid progress on Thursday, with a police team leaving for Indore to verify main accused Mohit Chaudhry's various claims and cops having a clear idea of the gang's modus operandi.The crime branch has found that most of the six doctors who paid the gang for cheating in the entrance exam are from Maharastra and Madhya Pradesh, sources said.\"We have found that the accused used to charge different rates for admissions under different specializations. For example, seats in paediatrics and radiology (in maximum demand for flexible working hours) would attract Rs 20 lakh as the base price while for ortho and medicine (in demand for popularity) seats, the base price would be Rs 18 lakh. Medicine, gyaenocology, surgery, which involve erratic working hours, would cost around Rs 15 lakh. The less popular dental seats and some other specializations attracted a base price of Rs 10 lakh,\" said a senior investigating officer.The gang used to claim its expertise in \"leaking\" any paper and accepted money from students - mostly belonging to Indore - appearing in a number of competitive exams other than the MD entrance. \"The truth is that he failed to provide them any substantive help. We are trying to ascertain if the Indore police had received any specific complaint against him,\" claimed a source.DCP (crime) Ashok Chand said police teams had gone to Madhya Pradesh, UP and Haryana to nab other gang members. \"We have found that none of the doctors appearing from Delhi and Noida under the gang's tutelage stayed in the national capital. We have contacted AIIMS for more details,\" he said.Police sources said both Mohit and another accused, Ravi, a first-year student of PGIMC, Rohtak, who is absconding, had been to several places in Uttar Pradesh , Delhi and Maharastra and built up a huge client base. They first went to most of these states as students. Mohit, for example, bagged his seat Mahatma Gandhi Medical College in Indore after attending coaching classes in Kanpur.The sources also confirmed that Mohit had been lying to the investigators regarding his college. Cops have now established that he is a student of Mahatma Gandhi Medical College in Indore. He came to know Ravi when he chose Noida as his base to appear for competitive examinations. The cops said it was Ravi who used to finalize the deals with the doctors. \"We have got details of the accused from AIIMS. We will verify their role,\" said the officer.The cops said they were also verifying Mohit's bank accounts. \"We are hoping to find the cash transactions made from his accounts. As the doctors were not caught red-handed, we will use this as our main piece of evidence,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11469986", "title": "Cops: open schools before 8.30am to beat city traffic", "text": "BANGALORE: Get ready to wake up early to send your child to school. Traffic police have once again come up with a proposal to unlock Bangalore . They have written to the education department suggesting that schools begin classes before 8.30am.Many schools open between 8.30am and 9.30am, and government ones at 9.30am.In a note to the commissioner of public instruction, police commissioner B G Jyothi Prakash Mirji has said the move will help decongest roads during peak hours.In 2005, the education department had directed 16 schools situated in the Central Business District to commence classes from 8.30am. The schools complied and changed their timings to 8.30am. \"Now there is a need to expand this to all schools in Bangalore city,'' the note said.Additional commissioner of police (traffic) MA Saleem told TOI: \"The implementation of new timings will definitely help in reducing traffic , specially during peak hours. It is better for parents and children to go to school during non-peak hours.''However, education minister Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri told TOI that no decision had been taken at the government level.Early school is good, but there are issuesAre early timings for schools a good idea to decongest the city? Though schools agree that the rationale of the move is sound, they fear difficulties in implementing it.The traffic police have written to the commissioner of public instruction suggesting that schools start earlier than 8.30am. There are around 1,700 schools in the city.\"Last time, government schools were exempted. Government school teachers stay on the outskirts of the city like Kengeri satellite town, Yelehanka and Vijayanagar where the staff quarters are situated. The teachers will have to start early to reach the schools early,\" said K S Krishna Iyer, secretary, Associated Managements of Primary and Secondary Schools in Karnataka.\"What will happen to the midday meal scheme? Now meals are given by 11.30 am. They have to be advanced to 10.30 am, which is an odd hour for having lunch,\" he added.\"There are many practical issues involved. The public transport may not be as frequent as it is in the main hour. Parents and children will need to start their day early. The department must consult the stakeholders before making it a law,\" said G S Srinivas Sharma, president, Karnataka Unaided Schools Management Association (KUSMA).Working mothers will have another reason to worry. \"If my kids come home by afternoon, there will be no one to take care of them till I return in the evening. I will have to appoint a maid, which means I need to tweak the budget again,\" said Shiela M, who works in a private insurance company. Her child goes to a school in Basaveshwaranagar.But there are some who welcome the idea. Like Praveen Sood, additional director general of police (State computer wing) who spearheaded the initiative in 2005. \"The traffic during peak hours is chaotic. What we are trying to do is to decongest the city. During the peak hours __ 9am to 10am __ everybody is commuting. If the schoolgoers are removed from that time slot, there will be a drastic decrease in the traffic. When we initiated it, the programme was a huge success ,\" Sood told TOI.Many schools in the city start their days early and have found it to be fruitful. \"Getting up early will become a habit. With this, children will have more time for themselves in the afternoon. They can pursue a hobby, relax and spend more time on studies. They get to avoid traffic as well,'' said Sajini R, a mother, whose child attends a 8am to 2pm school.Safe route to schoolIn another move to decongest roads during the peak hour, after a meeting with school principals in November , the traffic police decided to extend the Safe-Route-to-School initiative to all schools. According to this initiative, parents are discouraged from bringing their private vehicles to the school to drop off their wards. \"At present, 16 schools are following this. Parents are encouraged to send their children by public transport buses or school buses so that cars do not clog the roads in the morning. We want all schools in the city to follow this,'' additional commissioner of police (Traffic) Saleem said.Times ViewThe proposal to start schools earlier than 8.30 am may help in easing traffic congestion after 9 am, but it is bound to cause disruption of schedules for students, parents and teachers. The question is how early? Many schools start at 8.30am and anything earlier than that would inconvenience a vast section of parents. In the past there have been concerns about depriving children of sleep. It would be prudent to seek the opinion of school staff and parents before taking the step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468736", "title": "Chennai-Tirupati 4-lane road to be ready by next year", "text": "HYDERABAD: The long-pending works on the Chennai-Tirupati road will be completed next year as decks have been cleared for converting the two-lane road into four lanes.Once the expansion works are completed, commuters travelling on the 124-km will have a smooth passage without having to face traffic snarls. Many VIP pilgrims from Chennai use this route to reach Triupati. In fact, there has been a demand to make this stretch as a national highway.Road transport officials said over 20,000 vehicles ply on this stretch every day. The four-laning project is set to cost around Rs 1,000 crore. \"We spent Rs 400 crore for acquiring land for laying the road. We are hoping to complete the works early next year,\" Ramesh Babu, national highways expansion project director, said.Works for widening the road were launched in 2002 but very little was done till last year. Only 20% of works have been completed on Tirupati bypass. The 124-km stretch passes through Kaluru cross in Chandragiri mandal, Putturu, Nagari and Thiruttani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11469297", "title": "Crash course for panchayat heads on their powers, governance rules", "text": "CHENNAI: R Jeevanandam became a panchayat president even before he knew the powers of the post. When this Vettaikaraniruppu village panchayat president recently felt the need to revise the list of BPL (below the poverty line) families in his village in Nagapattinam district to receive their dues, he did not know what yardstick to follow.Jeevanandam felt the need of a new list as the older list had people who were above the poverty line. When he sought help, bureaucrats and politicians ridiculed him as he was unaware if he had powers to identify BPL families.A workshop was organised here for many like Jeevanandam on 'Legal Awareness and Legal Strategies' by the Confederation of Federations of Elected Presidents of Panchayat Government and Tamil Nadu Federation of Women Presidents of Panchayat Government. For many it was an opportunity to learn about panchayati raj system and about the powers of the heads of local bodies. It was a revelation for many at the workshop when advocate M S Nathan, one of the panelists, said, \"Panchayat presidents alone have powers to identify BPL families in villages. Sections 110 &amp; 111 of the Tamil Nadu Panchayats Act, 1994 explain the duties and functions of village panchayats.\"There are 12,620 village panchayats in TN, spread across the 31 districts and 385 panchayat unions.\"Many new panchayat presidents got elected in the October 2011 local body elections. Over these years, panchayat presidents (especially women, dalits and tribals) have faced problems like the district collectors vetoing the decisions taken by the panchayat council,\" says K Krishnaveni, one of the organisers.Overruling an objection raised by M P Veerasami, president of Manamai panchayat in Kancheepuram district, the district collector allotted 70 acres of forest land to the Indian armed forces recently. The panelists noted that it was high time the power of the collector to rule against the decision of the panchayat president was set aside. Veerasami had objected to the proposal because three common wells in the village are situated on the allotted land. The panelists advised Veerasami to pass a resolution in the panchayat meeting and send it to the state government to reclaim the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473178", "title": "What's a New Year resolution vacation?", "text": "If you're planning to stub out or de-stress as your New Year mantra, you can now do so on your holidayUsually vacations are synonymous with fun - sunset beaches or rolling hills, historical avenues as well as smart cities. Well, they can be all that and more, if the destination you're going to fits into your resolution plan. Here are top 5 spots that will help keep those New Year's strategy on track...1.Resolution: No stressDestination: Bora Bora, TahitiEndless white sands and azure waters make for the scenery here for this group of islands in the French Polynesia, South Pacific. If you're wanting a peaceful break and to get away from the hustle-bustle of daily life, Bora Bora (which boasts of the nickname, the 'Romantic Island'), is that place. Just about 18 mile long, this getaway is located in a lagoon surrounded by long, sandy shores.2.Resolution: Making more family timeDestination: DubaiThe desert destination presents myriad opportunities. From dhow cruises to malls and desert safaris, there's a lot to fill a vacationer's itinerary, of any age. While kids might want to bundle up at the ski section, adults can enjoy the underwater hotels and culinary spots in this busy metropolis.3.Resolution: Get into shapeDestination: ItalyWant to get some exercise into your schedule? Plan a 'walking' holiday. And Italy with its piazzas (squares) are a great bet. The place offers several walking tours - those that go along the pathways and coastal villages of the Cinque Terra, through historical Umbria , the stone pathways above the picturesque Lake Como or through the rolling hills of Tuscany. All the food indulgence here also makes for another reason to take up walking.4. Resolution: Eat healthierDestination: Tokyo , JapanJapanese food - with its low cal preparation and portion control serving - is extremely healthy and fits right into this slot. If you want to go on a holiday and take care of the diet, check into this destination. From tofu, to mixed vegetables simmered in seasoned broth and other lightly steamed fare, everything spells 'health'. And the food is served in separate small plates and bowls instead of on one big plate, as diners sample a taste of everything.5. Resolution: Stop smokingDestination: Alicante, SpainIt's not easy to take this up, but if you've already decided to come here, the battle is half won. Alicante has resorts that offer programmes for quitting smoking. One can take up wellness programmes as well as therapeutic sessions with nutritionists and counsellors and more. Restaurants here too, are said to be non-smoking by law.(With inputs from Reuters)ismat.tahseen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11472256", "title": "Sudhir Mishra to direct an action film", "text": "Bollywood never ceases to surprise. While gloss baron Karan Johar is reportedly, taking active interest and also producing a few 'offbeat' (read parallel) films, Sudhir Mishra known for his 'realistic' ventures is ready to dabble with the commercial action thriller genre. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the Mishra has decided to direct an out and out action film for Anubhav Sinha.Sinha, who recently launched his production banner, after directing Shah Rukh Khan's opus, has brought Mishra on board for his maiden venture. When contacted, Mishra confirmed the news and added, \"Right now I am at the scripting stage of the film.\"For Sinha, the decision to ask a serious art house filmmaker to make a Bollywood masala flick was rather spontaneous. \"I just said 'Let us make a rocking action thriller' and he said he would love to. That's it. I have known him for twenty years. It will be a fun combination of him and me. A gun-blazing, ammonium nitrate loaded explosive action thriller with a cerebral twist,\" said Sinha.Sudhir Mishra's last film Yeh Saali Zindagi had guns in it. And so did his film Sikandar. But we are sure looking forward to this RA.One meets Chameli venture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11471570", "title": "'Controversy' takes up Businessman promotion", "text": "It is well known that Ram Gopal Varma loves to be called synonym for controversy.His recent comments about Mahesh Babu Businessman seems to be the other way.Is RGV promoting Businessman or making fun of it like he always does?Puri Jagannath is the director of Mahesh Babu Businessman.RGV and Puri share a special bond of Guru-Sishya and now the guru is working hard for his sishya. All of Ramu's 'Krushi' is to promote Puri and his BUSINESSMAN. Cine observers are saying that there is a negative talk from the camp of BUSINESSMAN and Ramu is trying to wipe it off. Ramu is saying, 'a tsunami is going to hit Andhra very soon and it is named BUSINESSMAN'.While many people took the angle that he is promoting the movie, his fans are sounding reverse. Tsunami means disaster and it is really unknown whether Ramu is indirectly saying the same about BUSINESSMAN or he is just promoting it.Source: Gulti.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469507", "title": "Vishwa Gujarati Samaj honours NRIs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vishwa Gujarati Samaj conferred Sardar Vallbhbhai Patel Vishwa Prathibha Award on Lord Bhikhu Parekh, renowned academician, author and political analyst at Gujarati Sahitya Parishad Hall on Thursday. Former director of IIM-A Bakul Dholakia presented the award to Parekh.Four other dignitaries including author and Gujarati language scholar from UK Dr Jagdish Dave; engineer who has developed $ 200 million business empire in New Jersey , Piyush Patel; diamond businessman and member of Belgium Jewelry Council Paresh Sanghvi; and hotelier and founder of Association of Indian Americans in North America Sunil Nayak were also conferred upon Distinguished NRI Award.Former Supreme Court judge C K Thakkar was the chief guest at the event. Other dignitaries who presented the awards to NRIs include president of Vishwa Gujarati Samaj Krishnakant Vakharia; author Kumar Pal Desai, and Suruchi Trust head Shambhubhai Patel.At the event, Krishnakant Vakharia spoke about the Samaj's intensive workings spreading out worldwide to encompass the maximum numbers of NRGs.\"NRGs are representatives of our state to the world. We are honored to have Lord Bhikhu Parekh here and this award is a token of affection from state to these internationally acclaimed dignitaries who have brought Gujarat a global recognition,\" he said.Lord Bhikhu Parekh, recipient of Pravasi Bhartiya Samman Award in 2005 and Padma Bhushan in 2007, is included by the UK Political Studies Association amongst the best political analysts of the 20th century.Parekh has been conferred honorary doctorate degrees by 15 British universities. Banaras Hindu University has also conferred Parekh with a doctorate in literature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "samana/patiala", "code": "11468237", "title": "Three generations watch Raninder file nomination", "text": "Samana/PATIALA: It was first time on Thursday when Samana residents saw three generations of Patiala royals together when its yuvraj Raninder filed nomination papers as Congress candidate from the constituency. PPCC chief Capt Amarinder Singh along with his wife and union minister for state of external affairs, Preneet Kaur, led their family to returning officer's (RO) office as other royal members, including Raninder, his wife yuvrani Reshma Kaur, sister Jayendera Kaur and elder daughter Seherinder Kaur followed their elders. Though the family members reached RO office at 12.25pm, but the day started early for all members.Before going to Samana, they first went to Quila Mubarak, where an \"akhand path\" was organized by the family. After paying obeisance to Shri Guru Granth Sahib, Raninder along with other members went to the temple inside the Quila, where Preneet Kaur applied a tilak on the forehead of her son.\"Since this time Raninder is going to fight a war of ballots, Maharani applied a tilak on his forehead and prayed for his victory,\" said a source. The family did not go to Samana directly after paying obeisance at Quila Mubarak and came back to their new Moti Bagh palace from where they went to Samana.Though Raninder left the supporters at their office in Grain Market, still there was a huge rush, as majority of the locals wanted to see all the three generations together.\"It's first time I have seen all three generations together,\" said Surinder Singh, standing near canteen of office. Yuvrani Reshma could not enter the office along with other members, as she was stuck with the locals. Raninder waited for her inside the office and started the process to file nominations only when she reached. Reshma has filed papers as covering candidate for her husband.\"We would release our poll manifesto in next few days. Malvinder's resignation will not impact Congress votes in Samana,\" said Amarinder Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "dhullipalla (guntur)", "code": "11468681", "title": "Farmer dies of shock due to crop loss", "text": "DHULLIPALLA (GUNTUR): Shocked over the loss of crop due to unseasonal rains, a farmer reportedly died of heart attack at Dhullipalla village in Sattenapalle mandal in Guntur district on Thursday. Chimata Sambaiah, 59, a marginal farmer of Dhullipalla, was distraught after seeing his harvest washed away in flood water on Wednesday.A deeply saddened Sambaiah returned home on Wednesday and breathed his last in the small hours of Thursday. He incurred a loss of Rs 2 lakh due to the crop loss. He had taken more than Rs 1.5 lakh loan from locals to cultivate paddy in two acres and chilli in three acres. While he had a land holding of two acres, he took three acres on lease to cultivate chilli. \"He was shattered after his chilli crop was damaged,\" his son Venkateswarlu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11467245", "title": "State performs well in polio eradication", "text": "PATNA: Bihar is on the verge of being declared polio-free state with not a single case being detected in the last 16 months. Even the three cases that were reported in August-September, 2010, in East Champaran were the result of cross-border transmission from Nepal. In fact, no indigenous polio virus has been reported in the state since January 2010.However, to be declared a polio-free state, Bihar needs one more year to maintain the record as going by the set Unicef norms, a region needs to remain polio free for three years before being actually declared polio free.According to state health officials, greater emphasis needs to be now placed on routine immunization and emergency preparedness as the risk of resurgence of residual polio transmission or risk of import from other countries, particularly Nepal , remains as the state shares around 726-km-long border with Nepal. As state health secretary Sanjay Kumar , says: \"We need to be more vigilant now than before as any complacency will wash away the entire effort in achieving this milestone. The efforts required include increase in routine immunization, emergency preparedness and increase in vaccination coverage areas.\"Kumar said the state's percentage of coverage area now stood at around 69%. \"The target is to increase it to above 80% in the next six months,\" he added.There are still 0.5% children in the state who remain uncovered. To remain focused on eliminating polio from Bihar, the state health department is set to launch the next anti-polio campaign on January 15 in 13 high-risk districts of north Bihar where the prevalence of the virus had been steady in the past.Kumar said if a polio case is detected anywhere in the state, an emergency response team would act swiftly. The emergency preparedness includes sanitizing the entire area with vaccination drive to be undertaken on warfooting, he added.The success in polio eradication has been attributed to use of bivalent Oral Polio Vaccine (bOPV) and more emphasis on polio-sensitive blocks. Bivalent OPV is a vaccine which protects children from both P1 and P3 polio virus.Even, the World Health Organization, Bihar office, polio manager John Okoro had lauded the work of people involved in polio immunization in the state with awards being conferred on ASHA workers in 2011 for their outstanding efforts in eliminating the disease from the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11469152", "title": "Woman run over while drawing kolam", "text": "CHENNAI: A 20-year-old woman was run over by a truck on Thursday morning in Manali New Town while she was drawing a kolam in front of a temple. The mishap occurred around 5.45am.T Saranya, a third-year engineering student in a private college near Avadi, was drawing a kolam in front of Gangaiamman Temple. The driver had parked his truck near a tea shop on the Ponneri-Tiruvottiyur High Road. After having refreshments, he got into vehicle and reversed but did not notice her, police said. She was crushed to death under the wheels.Passerbys raised an alarm and the driver fled. Madhavaram traffic police have registered a case and launched a manhunt for the lorry driver.Saranya is survived by her sister Priya and mother Megala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468372", "title": "Mumbai recalls ideals of Swami Vivekananda's ideals recalled 150th birth anniversary", "text": "MUMBAI: A chorus of calls asking the youth of the nation to maintain their integrity and honour went out as the city commemorated a true son of the nation on Thursday. Several institutions joined the nationwide celebrations held to mark the 150th year of the birth of Swami Vivekananda, who passed away at an the youth icon who raised India's image to new heights before passing away at the early age of 39. The day is celebrated as National Youth Day.Narendranath Dutta, the thinker-philosopher whose lofty ideals turned him into Swami Vivekananda, was born on January 12, 1863. He is best known for his famous speech at the World Parliament of Religions in Chicago, where he riveted the audience with his very opening address, \"Sisters and brothers of America.\"As founder of the Ramakrishna Math and the Ramakrishna Mission, he has left behind a legacy that propagates his ideals to this day. The Ramakrishna Mission organized a day-long programme at Bhavan's Cultural Centre. The Atomic Energy Commission chairman, Dr Srikumar Banerjee, among other dignitaries, brought home the relevance of Swamiji's message to an assembly of young students. \"Swamiji Vivekanandadid not deny the importance of material prosperity. In fact, He said it was a precondition to achieving one's spiritual goals. Yet, material comfort cannot be an individual goal. India is a rich country whose granaries are full to bursting and milk production is at a record high. Still, several citizens are deprived and malnourished, and this is where Swamiji would have wanted us to direct our sights, \" Dr Banerjee said. As the evening wore on, theatre artiste Shekhar Sen staged his two-hour mono act play named 'Vivekananda'. \"People know that he wore ochre robes and made a path-breaking speech in Chicago but few people know about the ideas he propagated and the values he held dear. Each successive performance shows me that the audience is keen to unravel this enigma.\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473150", "title": "I\u2019ll obey court order: A M R Ramesh", "text": "Filmmaker A M R Ramesh challenges Veerappan's wife to produce proof.A day after forest brigand Veerappan's wife Muthulakshmi had said that she's obtained a court order to stall the shooting of Vanayuddham, the Veerappan biopic, in a press conference, filmmaker A M R Ramesh hits back at her.\"What Muthulakshmi has done is contempt of court. She has already spoken about a court order, which is yet to be received. The hearing for film, based on which the court will take a decision, is only on February 24. I will obey the court order, but let Muthulakshmi show it to me first,\" says Ramesh.Muthulakshmi, at a press meet, accused Ramesh of being a Kannada filmmaker trying to make a film on Veerappan and objected to that. \"I have made two critically-acclaimed Tamil films - Kuppi and Kadhalar Kudiyiruppu. In fact, Kuppi spoke about Rajiv Gandhi's assasins and I still had an unbiased approach to my storytelling. I will produce all the necessary documents to the court. I have made my film based on facts,\" says Ramesh.Ramesh is currently seeking his lawyers' help to answer Muthulakshmi's allegations in the court. Vanayuddham stars Kishore as Veerappan with a supporting cast that includes Arjun, Vijayalakshmi, Shikha and many others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469185", "title": "HC relief to accused in cheque bounce case", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Bench of Bombay high court suspended the imprisonment orders issued by the sessions court against Madhukar Wankhede. HC also suspended the fine of Rs 5000 imposed on the Wankhede. He was granted bail on the surety of Rs 25,000Counsel for the petitioner Kishor Ghugguskar informed that his client had taken a housing loan from Gruh Finance on May 9, 2000 by way of term-loan of 15 years at 13.5% interest. He was to repay it in equal monthly installments. However, the cheque given by him bounced due to insufficient funds in his account. The finance company then filed a case against him in the JMFC court under Section 138 of the Negotiable Instruments Act. After finding him guilty, the sessions court had sentenced him to three months' jail.HC declines pre-arrest bail in stone-pelting caseThe Nagpur Bench of Bombay High Court refused to grant pre-arrest bail to nine out of 10 persons. The court, however, granted bail only to 61-year-old Mamtaji Nand Jadhav. These persons had moved to the judiciary when their anticipatory bail pleas were rejected by Chandrapur session's court on December 12, last year. Sonu Mangaram had lodged an FIR with the Jivati police claiming that the accused along with 40 persons had surrounded his vehicle and pelted stones during elections of Sarpanch and deputy sarpanch on November 19, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11470260", "title": "Students dedicate a day for Lingaraj", "text": "HUBLI: KLE Society's PC Jabin Science College, Hubli, celebrated 151st birth anniversary of Shirasangi Lingaraj on Tuesday, who was known as benevolence.Sharanbasavadevaru of Hirehonnalli said, \"Shirasangi Lingaraj was a generous person who gave away his fortune to educate Lingayats.\" He advised everyone to read Lingaraj's biography. He advised, \"Students should serve the society and follow Lingaraj's footprints in order to pay respect to him.\"V B Hiremath, principal, asked students to learn the skills along with their studies. On this occasion, KLE Society's Sri Kadasiddheshwar Arts College and HS Kotabri Science College, organized an inter-college vachana singing competition. Keshav Rao of Adarsh PU College Hubli bagged the first prize and Gudleppa Hallikeri won the Memorial memento, Ramya Gawnkar of CSI College, Dharwad, bagged the second prize, Varada Kulkarni of JG Commerce College bagged third prize and Chetana Gadad of Kadasiddheswar Arts College bagged consolation prize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11468829", "title": "Kandhamal shivers at near zero", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The winter's tale at present is not a very enjoyable one in Kandhamal with the mercury dipping to 2 degree Celsius in several parts of the district on Thursday. Phulabani, the district headquarters town, recorded a minimum of 7 degree Celsius, while interior pockets of the district, like Daringibadi, Kotagarh and Raikia recorded much less than that on Thursday.Untimely rain in several parts of the district in the last two days has caused the fall in temperature, experts said.In the second and third week of December, Daringibadi, a hill resort town, recorded a minimum temperature of less than one degree Celsius, while temperature in Phulabani hovered between 3.5 and 6.5 degrees.The temperature in the district subsequently increased in the last week of December and the first week of this month. Untimely rain that lashed the entire district in the last two days has again caused the mercury to dip.The intense cold wave has affected life the district. \"We can not wake up early in the morning and also prefer to stay indoors after sunset due to the shivering cold,\" said B K Mishra, a government officer in Daringibadi. Shops and business establishments in the district are also opening late in the day and closing early, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lehra", "code": "11468216", "title": "Capt's uncle Jaijee backs SAD candidate in Lehra", "text": "LEHRA: Former Punjab chief minister Amarinder Singh's maternal uncle Inderjit Singh Jaijee has announced support to SAD candidate in Lehra constituency.Rajinder Kaur Bhattal from Congress and Sukhwant Singh Sarao from SAD are contesting from Lehra. Jaijee, who had defeated Bhattal on SAD ticket in 1985, had lately made up with Amarinder.Former ADC S S Sarao on Thursday called on Jaijee, who now runs an NGO to help farmers in debt, at his residence in Chular village.Jaijee said, \"Bhattal is representing the area since last two decades and during this time, over 1,600 farm hands have committed suicide due to debt. But Bhattal has miserably failed to protect their interests and stand by them\".He added, \"Though the outgoing SAD-BJP government miserably failed to provide support to suicide-hit families like the earlier Amarinder government, I thought of testing Sarao as we are trying Bhattal since long.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11472472", "title": "Nanban gets a grand opening", "text": "Nanban, which has the theatres exclusively for itself at least for a couple of days since Vettai is releasing only on January 14 is a smash hit already.The film took a grand opening with Vijay fans seen taking out a huge procession to the Udayam Theatres carrying the reel box in a chariot.The procession ended with Vijay's father and director-producer SA Chandrashekar handing over the reel box to the theatre owners for screening. While the film had a grand opening it also lived up to the expectations of all Vijay fans.The Ilaya Thalapathy has shed his usual mass hero image and it was a pleasure to see him under the direction of ace director Shankar.Source : Cinefundas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11469157", "title": "\u2018Told to register with cops, servants quit\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: After the police found that the security risk from domestic helps to residents was for real, they launched a special drive, Society Cop, assigning constables to visit buildings and gather details that included addresses of the workers' relatives in Mumbai, the names of the people who referred them to their employers, and their photographs and fingerprints. Between Bandra and Oshiwara, the police registered 16,000 workers.\"We have been trying to collect the records of all people (workers) who regularly visit residential buildings,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone-9) Pratap Dighavkar. \"Many domestic helps left their jobs when their employers insisted upon them to register with the police. We suspect many of them took up the jobs with ulterior motives.\"An officer said the police were not trying to trace the \"missing servants\" as no criminal cases had been registered against them. He said that though all residents should force domestic helps to register with the police, they were not doing so because they feared that the servants would leave their employment. \"Also, in homes where a domestic help has been working for a long time, his or her employer does not want to tell him or her to go to the police, assuming that the servant would think that the employer had lost trust,\" the officer said. \"Lastly, many residents are not coming forward with the details of domestic helps because the servants have said that if this was done, they would quit.\"The problem is even greater between Oshiwara and Borivli, the police said. \"We are trying to conduct meetings with housing societies in that belt to convince residents about the importance of our drive. Till now, we have received poor response,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone-11) Mahesh Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11468682", "title": "Unseasonal rain damages crops", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The unseasonal rain for the last three days has caused extensive damage to crops in Kendrapada and Jagatsinghpur districts. \"Paddy, black gram, green gram, vegetables and potato crops over 8,000 acres have been damaged in the recent rain in Kendrapada district,\" said Umesh Chandra Singh, district president of Krusaka Sabha.The paddy crop is damaged during harvesting season that is expected to go on for two more weeks. \"The harvested paddy from my field has been damaged,\" said Prakash Samal, a farmer of Dasipur village.\"The rain has completely damaged black gram and green gram saplings on four acres and I have suffered huge loss,\" said Satrughan Baral, a farmer of Korua village.Potato crop and betel farms have also borne the brunt of the recent showers. The unseasonal rain in last three days has also severely damaged many betel farms across both the districts.\"Lakhs of betel leaves in many farm have been ruined by the incessant rain and heavy wind. Most vines have been razed,\" said Damodar Sahoo, a betel-grower of Kujang.Jagabandhu Nayak, former chairman of Rajnagar block, has demanded a survey of the crop damage rain and appropriate compensation to the affected farmers. Contacted, Kendrapada collector P K Patnaik said, \"I have directed BDOs of nine blocks and agriculture officials to submit a detailed report about the crop loss. After getting the report, the authorities will help the affected farmers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "11468642", "title": "Cops spared no effort for MLAs\u2019 security", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Now that the first-time legislators' study tour to Vizag Agency got over without any glitches, it has emerged that bulletproof jackets were kept in abundance in the buses which carried them to the interior villages for their safety.The legislators were extensively briefed as to what action they should take in case of an emergency, including firing or blasting from unexpected quarters (read Maoists). The security briefing included wearing of bulletproof jackets and breaking of glasspanes of the buses in case of unexpected firing. Sources said the police kept bulletproof jackets under the seat of each legislator.Sources said commandos were stationed -- both in the front and rear side - of the special buses for the safety of the MLAs and MLCs. \"When the security personnel briefed us about the minute details of the security provided, we felt relieved,\" one of the MLAs who toured the Agency areas said. The unprecedented security cover included extensive combing a week before the MLAs' actual visit and keeping bomb squads and sniffer dogs in hundreds prepared, besides a couple of troupe carriers to lift personnel in case of unforeseen emergencies. All roads and other thoroughfares were blocked and the area where the MLAs had stayed was virtually turned into a fortress.An officer of intelligence wing said police took all precautions as it involved safety of 100-odd MLAs and MLCs. Also, cops were doubly careful as the Maoists damaged a forest check-post at Lothugedda in Chintapally mandal a day before the arrival of the legislators. Sources said the cops succeeded in diverting the attention of the rebels as they kept secret the routes taken by the MLAs till the last minute. The railways was also kept in the loop and two bogies were kept ready to be attached to the goods train travelling in the Araku section in case of any emergency. Not only the police personnel of the state, but those from Orissa were on high alert, a senior official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11469920", "title": "Govt school students to learn Vivekananda", "text": "BANGALORE: After yoga and Bhagavad Gita, it's now Swami Vivekananda. Students in government schools and colleges will have to learn the spiritual leader's teachings henceforth.Primary and secondary education minister Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri announced this at the swamiji's 150th birth anniversary celebrations organized by the department of preuniversity education on Thursday. \"We are still following the British education system and our children are studying for the sake of getting jobs. There's need for a vision in our education system and Swami Vivekananda's thoughts will help us to some extent,'' he pointed out.The government will observe a yearlong 'Swami Vivekananda campaign' starting Thursday to spread his thoughts, he added.Install extinguishers or shut shop: DPISoon after there was a fire scare in two schools in the city last week, the department of public instruction has given a final warning to all schools to install fire extinguishers, failing which it might even cancel the school's registration.The January 10 notice quoted the Supreme Court ruling to have extinguishers installed in all schools. Despite repeated warnings, certain schools have not yet made this arrangement, the commissioner for public instruction noted. The department has threatened closure of the school if the facility is not provided within 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468518", "title": "SGNP guard caught accepting bribe", "text": "MUMBAI: A security officer of the Sanjay Gandhi National Park, Sanjay More, was caught by the Anti-Corruption Bureau ( ACB) for allegedly accepting bribe from an octroi agent on Thursday afternoon. The security guard arrested has been identified as Sachin More.The guard refused to let a truck carrying wood pass the Dahisar check post lest the driver paid Rs 4,000.According to the ACB, the complainant who is a octroi agent and deals with clearing the octroi for those transporters getting trucks and containers from Gujarat area. On Monday, More arrived at the Dahisar check post naka and stopped a truck carrying wood into the city. More told the driver to pay Rs 4,000, or else he will not release his truck. The driver approached his octroi agent for help. The agent approached tried to convince that he has already paid the official money but yet More, who, refused to allow the truck go and after much bargaining, the amount was brought down the bribe amount to Rs 2,000. The agent then approached the ACB and laid the trap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11401906", "title": "Ileana is back in Tollywood", "text": "Actress Ileana hasn't had a Tollywood release since \" Nenu Na Rakshasi\".The actress has been in the news more for her alleged catfights with Priyanka Chopra on the sets of \"Barfee\" than for any new signings. The good news is that the actress is going to have a release soon, albeit a dubbed one. She will be seen playing the lead opposite Vijay in \"Nanban\", the Tamil remake of \"3 Idiots\".Sources close to the actress say that the Goan beauty is counting on \"Nanban\" to help her bail out of her bad run at the BO. Her last three films \"Saleem\", \"Sakthi\" and \"Nenu Na Rakshasi\" all turned out to be big flops. The audio of the film is going to be launched today. Besides, Ileana is also set to star opposite Ravi Teja in director Puri Jagannath's \"Idiot-2\". Looks like we will get to see a lot more of her this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473130", "title": "Suriya-Hari's next begins in March", "text": "The film will mark the return of the superhit Singam combinationContrary to rumours doing the rounds that Suriya's next with director Hari has been shelved, the project is very much on reveals the director. In fact, the team is set to start shooting from the end of March for this an outand-out action film.After the success of Singam, Suriya will pair up with Anushka again in this flick. Confirming the news, Hari says, \"Yes, we will see this lead pair together in my upcoming film. The movie will feature two heroines. We are talking to several leading actresses in Kollywood and Bollywood at this point and should finalize someone shortly.\"Another important actor in this film is comedian Santhanam, who is riding a success wave in K-Town currently. \"I am working with Santhanam for the first time,\" says the director.While some portions will be shot in India, the director has planned to shoot a part of the film in Nigeria and Kenya in Africa. \"These will be new locales for the audience,\" he explains, adding that the songs will be shot in South Africa.\"As far as the movie goes, it will be a novel attempt in Tamil cinema and audiences can expect the unexpected,\" promises Hari. Devi Sri Prasad has been signed on as the music director so some thumping tracks are sure to be included. An official announcement is expected post Pongal on this Hari-Suriya flick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469458", "title": "1 Naxal killed, arms recovered", "text": "NAGPUR: Naxals suffered a hit when one of their men was killed and police also recovered arms and ammunitions, including a grenade, after an encounter on Thursday in the forested stretch near Beijurpalli in Sironcha taluka, southern Gadchiroli.This was the second exchange of fire between security forces and Naxals within 24 hours in the same area. There were no casualties reported in the commando camp. Thursday's encounter lasted about 45 minutes.Senior police officials guesstimate that more Naxals may have been injured or killed as many weapons were found on the spot. A .303 rifle, three long-range and two 12 bore single-barrelled firearms, along with a grenade and 20 backpacks were seized. Also, 29 live cartridges, detonator wires and plenty of sports shoes were recovered.Gadchiroli superintendent of police S Vireesh Prabhu said the security personnel conducted a combing operation in the area after the Naxals beat a hasty retreat. \"As per initial information, several Naxals suffered bullet injuries. We are expecting to find more bodies and arms,\" he said.Combing operations were on at the time of going to press.A combined force of Special Action Group (SAG) and district police's C-60 commandos fired upon a Naxal group during an area domination exercise which was put in motion two days ago.Police informed that Naxals' platoon no. 14, along with their musical wing Dandakaranya Chetna Natya Manch, were involved in the gun battle. The manchs, comprising performing artists, accompany the dalams on their tours. During meetings, the manch cadres sing revolutionary songs and perform dramas for spreading the Naxal propaganda.The musical instruments recovered from the spot were also indicative of the number of manch members in the Naxal group. The Naxal who was shot was in a black uniform. Police is yet to identify the body.Security agency sources said that the forces were aware of the presence of the Naxal group. \"They retreated following sustained pressure,\" said a senior cop.As per unconfirmed reports, security personnel have spotted blood stains at a number of places. A section of the security agencies claimed that four Naxals have been killed. The Naxals were apparently resting after a meal when the encounter took place. Leftover food, raw materials to prepare food and utensils were also found strewn in the place.Last year, police recovered three Naxal bodies in two separate encounters. In May 2011, police had recovered the body of Maharu, commander of Platoon-7, along with Rakesh, member of the Kasansoor Area committee. In August in 2011, the body of Chhatgaon dalam commander Ranita Hichami was recovered after an encounter at Makadchuha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468555", "title": "Project on the anvil to repair 223 temples", "text": "HYDERABAD: The archaeology department is planning to renovate and then take over the conservation of 223 temples, including 50 that were built during the Vijayanagara empire. This initiative, set to cost Rs 100 crore, is part of a heritage conservation scheme taken up with central assistance. Repair works are also to be taken up at 12 Buddhist sites and two Jain temples.Most of the temples identified under the conservation project are over a hundred years old like the Thousand Pillar temple and the Bheemeswara temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11468528", "title": "TN man arrested for sexually abusing boys", "text": "KOCHI: A native of Dindigul district in Tamil Nadu was arrested by the Kochi city police on Thursday for allegedly sexually harassing minor boys at Thangal Nagar under Palluruthy police station limits.The arrested was identified as Mayin, 45, a casual labourer. He was arrested by a police team led by Palluruthy sub-inspector S Rajesh and assistant sub-inspector (ASI) V K Surendran.According to the police, they had identified six boys who were allegedly sexually abused by the person. \"The accused used to take bath at a public pond near Thangal Nagar. He gradually befriended children who used to take bath in the pond. The children were offered money and other valuable items to woo them,\" the ASI said.\"We suspect that more children have fallen victims. A detailed probe is on. The accused has been presented before the court,\" the police said.He was arrested after one of the victims described the incident to them. The parents lodged a complaint with the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11472632", "title": "Sabyasachi and Shaheb campaign for voting awareness", "text": "A few seasons back, it was the affable Ananda Babu, who would listen to all your voter card-related complaints on the phone and address them.This year, the state election commission has roped in Feluda and Topshe - Sabyasachi Chakrabarty and Shaheb Bhattacherjee - to encourage teenagers to resister themselves for voting.The duo is part of an awareness campaign that was shot in College Street boi para on Thursday. The two of them had parked themselves in College Street Coffee House by 10 am. After a quick cup of coffee and some invigorating adda - boi para style - the two stepped out for the shoot, only to be mobbed by the milling crowds. After a few initial hiccups, the shoot went on smoothly.The storyline shows Feluda and Topshe flipping through books in College Street when they overhear two youngsters discussing electoral photo ID cards. \"They say that they haven't yet registered for the cards, though they want to. To this, Feluda reassures them and says that it's easy now, as one can apply online. Topshe chips in with the online link for the forms,\" Shaheb said.Sabyasachi aka Feluda said he was proud to be a part of the social awarness campaign, \"This project encourages young and new voters to use the easy process for registering themselves. Such campaigns help create a better society.\"Shaheb added that the election commission had approached him for the campaign as they feel Feluda and Topshe have a huge youth connect. What about the crowds? \"Feluda has a such a huge fan following that people went crazy on getting a glimpse of Feluda and Topshe. Students had probably bunked classes and climbed up to the terraces to watch the shoot,\" smiled Shaheb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11469327", "title": "Hawala money enters state assembly election", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after the central intelligence agencies briefed the Uttar Pradesh Police about heavy inflow of cash through Hawala to fund election, the Government Railway Police ( GRP) nabbed a suspected Hawala courier at Mughalsarai railway station on Thursday.On the other hand, after a series of fresh seizures amounting to over Rs 61 lakh in cash from different parts of the state, total cash seized by the static surveillance teams (SSTs) so far crossed Rs 43 crore on Thursday.The Income Tax department had confirmed last week that of Rs 25 crore seized by then, Rs 10 crore were found to be unaccounted for. Action was initiated against 97 persons from whom the unaccounted cash was recovered. Going by the present trends, senior IT officials sais total cash seized by the time the election are over could cross a few hundred crores of rupees. As per the present average, 40% of the seized cash has been unaccounted for.The man arrested at Mughalsarai station on Thursday was identified as Kumar Gaurav of Jharkhand. He was intercepted on the basis of tip-off about movement of Hawala money in the area. \"The entire amount seized is in the form of currency notes in denominations of Rs 1,000 and Rs 500. All of them are brand new currency notes,\" a police spokesperson at DG headquarters in Lucknow said. He said Income Tax sleuths were tracing the original source of the money and further details were awaited.Sources say use of Hawala money in election has been confirmed by Hawala operators and couriers arrested by the state and central security agencies in the past. The fact that in many cases, the cash seized was found concealed in special cavities, establish beyond doubt that the money was accounted for.Reports said more than Rs 60 lakh was recovered in seven separate incidents from Varanasi (Rs 14 lakh), Ramabai Nagar (Rs 12 lakh), Chandauli (Rs 10 lakh) and Firozabad (Rs 10 lakh).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11469586", "title": "Rat bite: Panel seeks more time for filing report", "text": "JODHPUR: The three-member committee constituted by the MDM Hospital administration to inquire into the alleged biting of a patient's face by rats at the ICU ward on Tuesday morning has sought more time to submit its report. Superintendent of the hospital, Arvind Mathur, said the committee needed some more time to arrive at any conclusion.On the basis of an interim report, the MDM Hospital administration had issued notices to the sanitation contractor and the pest control contractor, who had to keep the ward pest free. They have been asked to reply by Thursday. Similarly, the caretaker of the of the hospital has been put on awaiting posting order (APO) with immediate effect and the matron in-charge, the nursing in-charge and nursing staff on duty have been issued warning.Medical and health minister A A Khan has termed the incident very unfortunate and has assured that strict action will be taken against persons or staff found guilty after the committee submits a detailed report. Union health minister Gulam Nabi Azad has termed the incident as a state's issue and refused to comment on it.In its interim report, the committee has suggested a slew of measures which included disposal of garbage and unused articles besides increasing the staff at night shift in the wake of the growing number of patients. Apart from these, adequate emphasis has to be laid on intact sewerage and drainage system to keep the rats from entering the hospital.Khan has also issued directions to the hospital administration to ensure proper sanitation in the hospital and complete all works related to repair, maintenance and modernization as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469564", "title": "Haren Pandya's widow to knock on SC door", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Jagruti, wife of slain BJP leader Haren Pandya, plans to move Supreme Court to seek further probe in the murder of her husband in March 2003.The decision comes after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) put pressure on Andhra Pradesh police to hand over Naxalite-turned-informer Nayeemudin alias Kalimuddin in connection with the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case.Nayeemudin is also an absconder in the Pandya murder case.Jagruti had filed a petition in Gujarat high court immediately after the court dropped murder charges against 12 accused, including Hyderabad's sharp-shooter Asgar Ali, in August 2011.Both CBI and the Gujarat government have already moved SC against the HC decision and Jagruti has decided to join the action to uncover the continuing mystery surrounding her husband's death.Suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt has claimed that Asgar Ali wrote a letter to the President of India stating that Sohrabuddin's aide Tulsiram Prajapati killed Pandya.The cop, who was in-charge of Sabarmati Central Jail in 2003 - where Asgar Ali was lodged then - has also claimed that the now jailed cop Abhay Chudasama and Sohrabuddin lured the sharp-shooter into the conspiracy to kill Pandya.Bhatt said in a letter written to former junior home minister Amit Shah in November 2003 that Asgar Ali had blamed \"powerful and dangerous people\" for commissioning the killing at Law Garden in Ahmedabad where Pandya used to take his regular morning walk.\"In my petition, I have sought further investigation into the role of Kalimuddin and what IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt has claimed about the role of Tulsiram Prajapati in the murder. With the revelation about Asgar Ali's letter, we will make an addition of this fact also in our demand for further probe,\" Jagruti told TOI.Pandya's family, including Jagruti, always suspected that first the Gujarat police probe, and then the CBI investigations, were not progressing in the right direction.CBI had charged Muslim youths for assassinating the former Gujarat home minister and political foe of Gujarat chief minister in order to avenge the 2002 riots.This, despite the known fact that Pandya had on the sly deposed before an independent inquiry commission, which included retired judges, accusing Modi of complicity in the riots.A special Pota court in 2007 convicted 12 persons, but HC, on August 29 last year, dropped murder charges against them, vindicating the family's belief that the probe had gone astray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469361", "title": "Former President's team to help polio cause", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former President APJ Abdul Kalam has offered to send his team of technical personnel to help polio Foundation develop calipers used by physically challenged children which are lighter in weight. Kalam was speaking at a function held by Polio Foundation, Vejalpur to mark the completion of 25 years of the institute. He said that calipers used by physically challenged students including those afflicted with polio weighs three to four kilograms.\"Calipers can be made using carbon fibers which is extremely light in weight and is a strong material. Kalam has offered to send a team here which will camp at Polio Foundation, take measurement for calipers and help develop artificial limbs lighter in weight. These would weight only 500-700 grams instead of the conventional calipers which weigh three to four kgs\", said Dr Bharat Bhagat, chairman of Polio Foundation.Kalam visited the newly built Polio Foundation center and interacted with 25-odd children with physical disabilities. He also interacted with 150-odd doctors present at the function. He also made a personal donation of Rs 2 lakh to the foundation.Kalam encouraged more doctors to offer their services gratis like the doctors at Polio Foundation. He said that while most people are interested in getting things from others, one should cultivate an attitude of giving. \"Technology should be used to help those in need\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11469898", "title": "Audience soaks in immortal verses", "text": "KOLKATA: Not everyday does the city host such an evening when verses of the iconic Faiz Ahmed Faiz are recited by actor Naseeruddin Shah in chaste Urdu and rendered as ghazals by Ustad Shujaat Khan. Naturally, the audience at the Town Hall was mesmerized and long after the programme was over, the music kept reverberating in their ears. Or should we say souls?The evening was a part of the Apeejay Kolkata Literary Festival and was hosted in association with the Anamika Kala Sangam.There was another first. Shujaat Khan, who is son and disciple of legendary Ustad Vilayat Khan, played the sitar as he sang the ghazals. The programme was titled 'Lab Azaad Hain', rightly so because Faiz was an avowed Marxist who sang for the freedom of mankind. Ironically, many a time it cost him his own freedom and he spent some of his best years in jail. An intellectual, Faiz has often been accused of atheism by the political and military establishment of Pakistan . Throughout his body of works, he juxtaposed poverty and pain with everlasting love that mankind has been gifted with, Faiz has had a complicated relationship with religion.The poet's daughter, Salima Hashmi, spoke about how easily verses came to her father and how humorously he would introduce them to the family. \"Often he would send poems to my mother from jail. He was a die-hard optimist. He believed in universal brotherhood and every time he wrote he sang paeans to that,\" Hashmi said.Perhaps in coherence to this, Khan sang, Naseeb Azmaane Ke Din Aa Gaye Hain...Chalo Faiz Kahin Dil Lagaayen, Thikane Mil Gaye Hain and perhaps in the same tone, Shah read from another inimitable creation, Kalam Chin Gaye To Kya Ho Gaya Hai, Khoon Mein Oongliyan Dubo Di Maine. Naturally, the hall went into raptures with an 'ahas' and 'wahs'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "students learn to crack cat", "code": "11468991", "title": "Students learn to crack CAT", "text": "Students learn to crack CAT: Khalsa Institute of Management and Technology for Women , Civil Lines, organized a seminar for management and IT students to help them crack the CAT on Thursday.Resource person Kiranjot Kaur, a project head from a private firm, along with her assistants shared the preparation methods to ensure success in CAT. A written test and a GD exposed students to the exam pattern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11469414", "title": "HRD minister Kapil Sibal on two-day visit of city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Union minister for Human Resource Development (HRD) Science and Technology, Kapil Sibal would be on a two-day visit to the city where he would be meeting delegations from different educational institutions including Allahabad University and constituent colleges, Medical College and engineering colleges.Convenor, Kisan and Khet Mazdoor Congress and senior Congress leader, Abhay Awasthi said that the Union HRD minister would also be meeting the members of the press in the evening on Friday and thereafter he would go to Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT) to take part in a seminar on the topic \"development of NIT system\".On the second day on Saturday, Sibal would be meeting Congressmen and then proceed to North Central Zone Cultural Centre (NCZCC) to preside over the Pandit Kanhaiya Lal Mishra memorial lecture. He would return to Delhi on the same day after attending the lecture, said Awasthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11469845", "title": "Walnut tops health chart, can help lower cholesterol: Study", "text": "LONDON: It's official now: Walnuts are the healthiest nuts to eat. Scientists have discovered that walnuts are loaded with antioxidants and snacking on as few as seven a day could help ward off disease and lower cholesterol.They found that walnuts contain very high levels of polyphenol, an anti-oxidant which can protect the body from molecules which damage tissue.Tests carried out on nine commonly eaten types of nuts showed that walnuts contained the most polyphenol than others.Brazil nuts and pistachios were close behind, and cashews and hazelnuts had slightly lower levels of antioxidants, said the researchers from the University of Scranton , Pennsylvania. \"Walnuts rank above Brazil nuts, pistachios, pecans, peanuts, almonds, macadamias, cashews and hazelnuts,\" Joe Vinson, who led the study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468368", "title": "PRP leader a Jagan man, Azad told", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leaders from Kadapa, including ministers D L Ravindra Reddy and Md Ahmadullah on Thursday urged AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad not to take PRP MLC C Ramachandraiah into the state cabinet.The leaders met Azad and told him that taking Ramachandraiah into the cabinet would adversely affect the party's image in the district. Kamalapuram MLA G Veerasiva Reddy has been campaigning against Ramachadraiah for quite some time.Now with talk doing the rounds that Ramachandraiah, also from Kadapa, is expected to be inducted into the cabinet along with another PRP MLA Ghanta Srinivasa Rao next week, Veerasiva Reddy arrived in Delhi along with two ministers and MLC P Chengal Rayudu. They reportedly told Azad that Ramachandraiah was a Jagan proxy in Congress. According to them, Ramachandraiah transferred Raghuram Cements owned by him to YS Jaganmohan Reddy who later changed it into Bharathi Cements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11459043", "title": "Bipasha Basu follows John Abraham", "text": "It is a small world indeed. While John Abraham sets the stage for his marriage with rumoured girlfriend Priya Runchal, and Bipasha captures our idle imagination with her 'leaked' party videos and her 'on and off' rapport with a certain Rana, they now have something in common again.This diarist has learnt that Bipasha has recently signed on the publicity managers who have been working with John for almost a year. Incidentally, it is the same agency which had earlier worked with Shahid and Kareena in the rosy days of their romance. But as soon as they split, Shahid, very wisely, terminated the contract.Given the way Bipasha has been stumbling from one controversy to the other, this diarist recommends some quick spindoctoring for the sultry actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11472690", "title": "Snowfall raises apple bounty hopes among growers", "text": "SHIMLA: At a time when apple crop of Himachal Pradesh is facing extinction threat from rising temperatures and decreasing chilling hours, the recent snowfall has brought smiles back on the faces of growers. Good snow means bumper crop. Snow does not only fulfill the required chilling hours but also acts as natural manure to the crop.A study conducted by Palampur-based agriculture university had suggested that Himachal's famed apple may be affected, especially in Kullu-Manali, by rising temperatures and less snowfall. But the snowfall this year has broken all previous records by covering areas in the lower hills and Punjab.Despite having already witnessed moderate to heavy snowfall in Shimla, Kullu, Mandi and Kinnaur districts, the Shimla meteorological centre has predicted more snowfall in the state January 14 onwards.The last three decades have seen a steady rise in temperatures -- varying from 0.3 to 1.7 degrees celsius -- and brought down the chilling hours from 1200 hours to 800 in the apple growing belt. According to horticulture department officials, apple crop is dormant at present and will come out of it by March. During dormancy the apple crop requires 1,000 to 1,600 hours of chilling.G C Kuniyal, senior scientist at the GB Pant Institute of Himalayan Environment and Development, Himachal unit at Mohal, said global warming is causing unexpected heavy snowfall in the state. \"But this year state has recorded good snowfall. Earlier in April, heavy snowfall was recorded at Rohtang pass and other parts and now heavy snowfall witnessed in the state has proved a boon for the apple and other crops,\" he said.Ashutosh Chauhan, an apple grower from Ratnari in Kotkhai area of Shimla district, said this winter his orchard is covered under over 3 feet of snow which is a good sign for the growers. \"We are expecting good harvest this season, after a long time winter has witnessed good snowfall in the apple belt,\" he said.Horticulture minister Narinder Bragta, who is also has orchards, said the moisture content in the soil has increased with recent spell and it will help the apple plant get nutrients in the pre-flowering season.With bumper crop in sight farmers are already celebrating. Apple production directly affects the livelihood of over 1.6 lakh families in the nine districts out of total 12 in the state so politics over apple issue is inevitable in the hill state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11467823", "title": "Lawyers to abstain from work on Jan 20", "text": "CHANDIGARH: State bar council of Punjab and Haryana is planning to abstain from work on January 20 to show their anger over Centre's Higher Education and Research Bill 2011, which would curtail council's powers.Confirming this, chairman of the state bar council, Lekhraj Sharma said they would be observing January 20 as protest day against the \"undemocratic\" Bill mooted by the central government. He added that the mode of protest would be finalized in an emergency meeting of the council at Sector-37 Law Bhawan at Chandigarh.Sharma stated that the proposed legislation is aimed at taking away powers of legal education committee of the Bar Council of India (BCI), the apex body of the lawyers in country. \"The bar council smells hidden agenda of the government in bringing this Bill to allow foreign nationals to practice as advocates in India,\" Lekh Raj Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11470480", "title": "Variety of fancy poll symbols to woo voters", "text": "LUCKNOW: From a kite, coconut, diesel pump and a typewriter to a walking stick, flute and electric pole, there's a mind-boggling plethora of choice that awaits the UP voter.Besides better known election symbols like the elephant, lotus , hand and cycle, EC has issued 33 election symbols for candidates from registered unrecognised political parties in Uttar Pradesh. This is in addition to the free symbols that Independent candidates can choose while filing their nomination.According to Election Commission rules, the symbols will be allotted to registered unrecognised parties by returning officers in assembly constituencies where the parties will contest. The same symbols, will, however, be available for allotment as free symbols to other candidates in all other constituencies , as well as those constituencies where the party candidates are not contesting.In the list of unrecognised political parties entering the fray , the Kisan Sena, represented by a bat, will contest in 193 assembly constituencies. Meydhaa party, represented by a 'cot' will contest on all 403 assembly seats in the state. The Adarsh Samaj Party, with a presence in 172 constituencies , will use the kite as its symbol, while the Bundelkhand Congress will hope to make its presence felt with an electric pole.An Election Commission official confirmed it will issue more than 50 symbols across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468945", "title": "'Why can\u2019t constables fine traffic offenders?\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Thursday asked the state why it took away powers from traffic constables to penalize offenders breaking traffic rules on the spot.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi was hearing a PIL by the Bombay Bar Association seeking implementation of traffic rules.Intervenor advocate Armin Wandrewalla said power was withdrawn after a constable in December 2011 confiscated the driving licence of the son of additional chief secretary (home) U C Sarangi and asked him to collect it after paying a fine. She said after that incident, the power to confiscate licence has been taken away from constables. \"Police constables have no power to check the offenders. They can regulate but cannot penalize. The power to impose spot fines is now given to the head constable,\" said Wandrewalla. But additional government pleader J S Saluja said constables never had the power to impose fines.Wandrewalla said there are 300 head constables and some 2,500 constables who man the city's roads. \"Why? Just because a powerful man's son breaks the law,\" she demanded. To this, Saluja said, \"It has been taken away for some reason but I am not able to say why.\" He added that there is no shortcoming in collection of fines.The judges also questioned what happened to the proposal to increase the police force. Saluja replied that the proposal is still pending with the home department. \"The department is hamstrung due to woefully inadequate numbers,\" said Wandrewalla.\"What harm is there in giving powers to constables to recover fines?'' asked Justice Shah. The judges also asked what happened to proposal to instal 5,000 closed-circuit television cameras at traffic signals. The judges asked how much fine was collected from offenders caught on CCTVs but Saluja was unable to extract an answer from the two officers present in court. \"Your officers can give information to newspapers, they cannot give to you,'' said Justice Shah.The court sought to know the classification of the Rs 24 crore that was collected over three years. \"Tell us the amount you collected on the spot and from the court,'' said Justice Dalvi. The state has been given four weeks to submit its replies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11469431", "title": "Lecture on role of science in judiciary", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Pt. Kanhaiya Lal Misra Memorial Committee has organised a symposium on 'Impact of growth of Science and Technology on legal and judicial system with declining morality and ethics' on Saturday. Justice Altamas Kabir, senior judge of the Supreme Court will be the chief guest at the programme and deliver a lecture on the said topic.Organising secretary of the committee, Santosh Kumar Tripathi said former Chief Justice of India, Justice MN Venkatachaliah will preside over the function, while Union minister for HRD, Science and Technology Kapil Sibal and Chief Justice of Allahabad High Court, Justice SR Alam will be special guests at the function. The function will be held at North Central Zone Cultural Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469246", "title": "Kite fest concludes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With an impressive show by kite flyers, the three-day International Kite Festival ended on Thursday. No less than 87 kite enthusiasts from 24 countries had gathered at the Sabarmati riverfront this year. The event drew people from all corners of the city in large numbers. Though, without adequate number of traffic cops to man the huge inflow of vehicles, matters turned chaotic.Even ambulances had to wait as the entire stretch was crammed with vehicles. Ambulances weren't the only vehicles to suffer the brunt of traffic mismanagement on Ashram Road, considered the busiest road of the city. The reason for this was the Ahmedabad International Kite Festival on January 10, 11 and 12.The usually quiet roads leading to the riverfront were bustling with eager spectators wanting a glimpse of the kites adorning the sky. \"We did not mind all the enthusiasm. However, we found policemen missing at the crossroads more often than not. The stretches near Navrangpura police station, Mithakhali underpass and Delite crossroads were deserted by around 2 to 3 pm when utter chaos prevailed. I used to take less than five minutes to get to my office, it took me fifteen minutes,\" said Harshad Shah, a chartered accountant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468542", "title": "Rly manager arrested for graft", "text": "HYDERABAD: IRCTC group general manager (GGM) V Murali Mohan Rao was caught red-handed by Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sleuths on Thursday while he was accepting a bribe at his office in Secunderabad.On Thursday morning, CBI's Hyderabad unit sleuths laid a trap for the IRCTC South Central Zone GGM at his office in Secunderabad. At around 11.40 am, Rao was caught when he demanded and accepted a bribe of Rs 20,000 from the complainant. \"Rao demanded Rs 20,000 from the complainant as monthly bribe to permit him run a stall at Vijayawada railway station without any trouble,\" a CBI official said.Following the arrest, the CBI sleuths also conducted a raid at the accused officer's house in Kundanbagh government quarters. During the searches, Rs 6.8 lakh cash was found at Rao's house. The accused general manager was arrested under the Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11461843", "title": "I have not been paid: Darshan", "text": "He's known to be one among the most bankable stars in the industry. And with the mega success of his recent film Sarathee, the Sandalwood grapevine is abuzz with news that Challenging Star Darshan has hiked his remuneration to `3 crore.\"Nobody has paid me that kind of money and I haven't demanded it. If I have to hike my price for every hit I deliver, it means I have to reduce it whenever a film flops. So this talk of me getting paid `3 crore is hogwash. I'm yet to receive the balance amount of my previous films from some producers,\" says Darshan.The actor feels he's been a bit too easygoing with his producers. \"I dub for my films even if I haven't received the balance amount, which is contrary to the industry norm. Most filmmakers promise to pay the balance if the movie does well. But even after the movies become hits, none of these producers have come forward to pay what's due to me. I don't hold it against them because I know the cost of production these days is exorbitant. By the time producers wrap up a project, their funds usually run dry,\" says Darshan.The actor also says that he doesn't usually work with big banners. \"Big producers are only interested in earning money; nobody else benefits from that. But what about the average ones? They also need to survive. Which is why I prefer working with this category of filmmaker. If I work with average producers, it will help them,\" says Darshan.So what made him take up a mega project like Sangolli Rayanna, which, at a staggering `30 crore, is reportedly the costliest Kannada film made till date? \"That's because the producer, Anand B Appugol, is a genuine fan of a historical personality like Sangolli Rayanna and even worships the freedom fighter's idol at home. I owe him a lot because, for the first time, I've been motivated to do homework for a film - I read the life history of Sangolli Rayanna. I didn't do this film because of its mega budget, but because you don't get to play a freedom fighter every day,\" explains Darshan.Talk then veers to another hot topic - Sudeep and Darshan, who are usually not seen in each other's company, were spotted bonding big-time at the audio release of Chingari. Was it a way of proving to fans that the two have buried the hatchet? \"There were never any differences between Sudeep and I. We've never fought and have always wished each other well,\" says Darshan.As a parting shot Darshan adds, \"I'm basking in a compliment my wife gave me - she says I look a lot younger after I've achieved my new, lean look.\"Contributed by Madhu Daithota", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11468535", "title": "Police prepare sketch of PG murder suspect", "text": "GURGAON: A day after the body of a trainee software designer -Sinsi Sebastian - was found in her PG accommodation in DLF Phase III, police were preparing a sketch of the suspect based on the account of a shopkeeper who had sold the knife used in the murder. The city police had on Wednesday night detained the shopowner who had sold the murder weapon on Tuesday to a certain customer. They said the sketch of the suspect would be released soon. The motive behind the murder remains an enigma for her investigators. The police managed to obtain blood stains and fingerprints from the murder weapon despite the suspect having washed the knife with water after the job was done.The police were investigating all angles starting from a failed love affair to property gains in the murder. Said to be an introvert, Sinsi kept to herself and did not have too many friends around in this city where she lived for almost eight months. The police were clueless about the motive behind the brutal crime in which the 5'3\" woman was overpowered and stabbed to death. There was no sign of resistance by the victim at the crime scene and the entry is also believed to have been friendly in the first floor residence in U block. A postmortem was conducted on Thursday afternoon which confirmed that she died because of a lung puncture and trauma, caused by a fatal stab wound on the back near the right shoulder. She was stabbed thrice on the back. While two wounds were 4-6 inches deep, the last one near the right shoulder had punctured her lungs. \"We have sent vaginal swabs to a forensic lab to confirm whether she was raped before she was murdered. There are also no clear signs of smothering but the accused is believed to have caught her from behind to cover her mouth and nose.As she fell down following lack of oxygen, he had then stabbed her with the knife on the back,\" explained Dr Hazari Lal, who conducted postmortem. The police have, meanwhile, have lodged an FIR based on the complaint of Devinder Kaur Arora, a 62-year-old woman who had sub-let her rented two-storeyed accommodation to girls as a PG. The police have also recorded the statement of one of her PG-mates, Ankita, who said that Sinsi had no known affair and was a shy girl who had kept to herself. \"We are waiting for the two other girls, Kumkum, her room-mate who has gone to take examinations back home in Jodhpur, and Jasprit Kaur, who was away in Amritsar,\" police said. Kailash Chand, SHO, DLF Phase II police station. He said that they had found a half-eaten dhokla on the table in the house and it appears that she might have left it unfinished to answer the doorbell and let the culprit in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11470094", "title": "No decision on transferring any Taliban from Gitmo: White House", "text": "WASHINGTON: No decision has been made on the transfer of any Taliban from the Guantanamo bay terrorist detention centre, the White House has said amid reports that the US has decided to transfer five Taliban prisoners from this high profile jail.\"We have not decided to transfer any Taliban officials from Guantanamo Bay,\" White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said at his daily news conference.\"In general, any decision to transfer a detainee from Guantanamo would be undertaken in accordance with US law and in consultation with Congress,\" he said.The process of transferring detainees out of Guantanamo Bay has been ongoing for a long time and obviously predates this administration, he said, adding each transfer is undertaken in accordance with US law and in consultation with the Congress.Meanwhile, the Pentagon said there is a proper procedure for the transfer of Guantanamo prisoners.\"Just as we do with prisoners of war in more traditional armed conflicts, we acknowledge that the threat they pose may change over time. In today's conflict, the threat posed by a particular detainee may be mitigated through participation in a reintegration program or through other focused measures to prevent reengagement, Pentagon spokesman Lt Col Todd Breasseale said.\"That is why we have transfer policies in place and review mechanisms to ensure we only detain those whose threat cannot otherwise be mitigated. We do not discuss the specific details or considerations that go into approving transfers,\" he said.\"Additionally, we leave to the country into which detainees are potentially situated or repatriated the option to make known to the public through the press any transfer arrangements,\" Breasseale said.The date of last transfer of a detainee was on January 6, 2011 to Algeria, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "11467809", "title": "Bureaucrats stand and deliver at Mamata rally", "text": "JHARGRAM: Mamata Banerjee is a great leveller. If it was industrialists raising their hands like schoolchildren at Bengal Leads a few days ago, the chief minister on Thursday had the state's top bureaucrats - from chief secretary to DGP - stand up and endorse her promises, almost word for word, in front of a noisy crowd in Maoist-affected Jhargram.Tired of criticism for promising much and doing little in Jangalmahal, a combative Mamata had the state's administrators \"authenticate\" her claims. The bureaucrats, who have always been a part of the CM's Jangalmahal visits, looked taken aback when asked to stand up and admit she had kept all her promises.At the Jhargram stadium, Mamata told the people they were free not to believe her because she was a politician. \"But I have got the state's top officials here. They will explain to you the exact position of my promises,\" she said.Chief secretary Samar Ghosh was the first to be called up. \"A tender has been issued for the Nayagram bridge. I would request the chief secretary to inform the exact position on the government's behalf,\" the CM said, handing over the mike to a somewhat reluctant Ghosh. Egged on by Mamata, he took the mike and said, \"On behalf of the state government, I would like to inform you that a tender has been issued for the bridge. Work will commence shortly.\"After chief secretary Samar Ghosh, health secretary Sanjoy Mitra was called up to endorse chief minister Mamata Banerjee's claims on Jangalmahal development. \"Jhargram hospital has been accorded district hospital status. Jhargram is now a health district and a CMOH has been appointed,\" he told the crowd as Mamata nodded. West Midnapore district magistrate Surendra Gupta then stood up to say: \"Of the 6.15 lakh new ration cards, 2 lakh have been given. The rest are being prepared. Fifty of the 124 secondary schools have been upgraded to higher secondary. The rest will be upgraded by March 31,\" he said.State DGP Naparajit Mukherjee testified on the police recruitment drive that has been in controversy. \"Recruitment of home guards is over and training has already started. The government will recruit 700 more, taking the number of jobs to 10,700. The NVF recruitment will be completed soon.\"At this, Mamata curtly added \"send them (newspapers) a rejoinder then\". Her statements 'authenticated', Mamata said she's ready to face \"constructive criticism\" but not \"falsehood and lies.\"\"I never tell a lie. I have fought all my life like a tiger cub. Whatever you (the media) write, whatever you say will not touch me. Neither will it deter me from my path. I am not scared of struggle. When I said I will do it, I will. But I'm not God. Whatever little I could do, I have,\" Mamata said.Mamata explained that the government has to follow a process.\"Even in any newspaper, if you have but a single thing to do, do you violate the process? This takes some time. Do not say that we are sleeping. We've been in power for only six-seven months, and you've already started asking for answers. For the last 35 years, you did nothing. Ask for answers after 35 years, then,\" she said. \"All I want is for people to believe in us,\" she said.\"Trinamool Congress will not accept any cut money. I will continue to work for the poor. And I will never grab land forcibly.\" Four Maoists - Lombodhar Majhi, Karan Karibortya, Bhojohori Mahato and Sukdeb Mahato - surrendered before the CM at the rally. Mamata asked the sports minister to bid for 37th National Games to hold it in Jangalmahal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "11467671", "title": "\u2018Yardstick same for rich &amp; poor\u2019", "text": "JHARGRAM: A few days ago, chief minister Mamata Banerjee said it with folded hands. But on Thursday, she went on the offensive, justifying the government's stand against the AMRI directors, who are in judicial custody for their alleged role in the blaze at the hospital's Dhakuria unit that claimed 91 lives.The chief minister said the yardsticks for the rich and poor couldn't be different. \"If a poor tribal can be sentenced for murder, why can't these people? Just because they have lots of money?\" Mamata told a public gathering in Jhargram, West Midnapore. \"The law is the same for everyone. Everyone has to accept it. Why will we release AMRI's people (read directors)? Should we release them just because they are rich? Here (in Jangalmahal), so many people have died. Why shouldn't the police prosecute them? Criminals have no religion, caste or creed,\" she asserted.While the chief minister aggressively defends the AMRI arrests, legal experts continue to question why the non-executive AMRI directors were taken into custody and also the manner in which the administration refused to accept the compensation cheques the hospital authorities wanted the government to distribute among the victims' families.Industry chamber Ficci was the first to voice the business community's resentment. \"It is... important, in our view that a distinction is made in dealing with errors of omission and intentional acts of commission. It is important to also ensure that no overt or covert victimization of people takes place... It is important to fix the responsibility of those directly involved in managing the hospital and distinguish them from others,\" Ficci said in a statement on January 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11468772", "title": "Gogol boy on 'cloud nine' with 99.82 CAT percentile", "text": "MARGAO: Exceeding all expectations, Gogol-based Aniruddha Jaju, alumni of Manovikas School and Chowgule Higher Secondary School (HSS), Margao, cracked the Common Admission Test (CAT) this year by securing an overall percentile score of 99.82 making him-in all likelihood- among the topmost rankers in the state.Incidentally, Jaju who was the highest ranking student-88%- from Manovikas during his Class X ICSE board examinations in 2004 and also the highest ranking student from Chowgule HSS during his Class XII Goa board examinations in 2006 with 91.33% has once again done his family proud.Speaking to TOI from Bangalore, Jaju explained that he scored 99.63 percentile in Section I (quantitative analysis and data interpretation) and 98.72 percentile in Section II (verbal ability and logical reasoning).\"I knew my paper had gone well, and was expecting around 97-98 percentile. Never in my dreams did I think that I would get this much,\" added Jaju, who is currently working at IT networking giants- Cisco Systems in Bangalore.\"Aniruddha used to study by himself for at least two hours every day. Since June 2011, he took some mock CAT series for his self-evaluation and he would refer to the notes of other coaching classes whenever the need arose,\" said Jaju's colleague from Bangalore.Jaju pointed out that he drew inspiration from the success story of his former colleague in Cisco who got through IIM Indore in 2011 and that he would always be grateful to his colleagues, friends , parents and brother for their supportJaju hails from a business-inclined family where his father Punkaj is into trading and mother Tanuja runs the Little's school in Fatorda, Margao. \"What can I say, I am on cloud nine and I want my son to continue doing his best. Personally, I'd like him to get into IIM Ahmadabad,\" said his mother. She added that Aniruddha completed his Bachelors in Engineering (B.E) in electronics and communications from Manipal Institute of Technology, Manipal, with a Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) of 9.74/10 (top five in his branch).\"My ambition is to make a name for myself in whatever I do. I would like to do something in finance, since I think that it is the backbone of every business and is very important in everyday life as well,\" said Jaju, adding that he is targeting IIM Caclutta which is known for finance. His top preference and dream institute is IIM Ahmedabad.When asked if the cutthroat competition for the CAT was a deterrent in any way, Jaju replied in the negative, and in a message to future Goan aspirants added that the \"competition and difficulties one faces, is what makes one go that extra step to achieve what one wants\".\"In my opinion, it's important that candidates set their priorities right, identify their strong and weak points, work on those weak points, and maximize their scores in the strong section,\" added Jaju, while stating that it is imperative that candidates stick to a well-thought-of study plan as much as possible.Jaju claims that he has started receiving calls from all the IIMs and he will be going for interviews which will be held February-end and go into March.An MBA broadens one's thinking, gives a broader perspective and helps one think differently in different situations and thus, an MBA from a top institute plays a huge part, said JajuChatting about his future plans, Jaju said that while he would probably return to Goa someday and be an entrepreneur \"wherein I can change the industry in my own way\".\" I plan to make the maximum use of the entrepreneurship development cells in most of the top colleges wherein entrepreneurs are encouraged and funded,\" said Jaju talking about his utimate aim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11469670", "title": "Budget session may begin on March 12", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday indicated that the budget session of Parliament may begin on March 12. Parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal , however, said a final decision was yet to be taken and the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs will soon take a call.With counting postponed to March 6, the earliest that Parliament could convene was on March 12 with the President's address. While discussion on a motion of thanks is the norm, this will be followed by the Railway Budget and the Economic Survey before finance minister Pranab Mukherjee tables the Union Budget.Mukherjee has already confirmed that the budget will be delayed this year, something that Bansal reiterated during an interaction with the media.This is only the third time that the budget will not be presented on the last day of February. In 1995, the budget was presented in mid-March although Parliament session was convened in February but ended with the President's address. In 1976 too, the budget was delayed. Usually, due to general elections, budget presentation is delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11467151", "title": "We'll qualify for the Olympics: Tushar", "text": "NEW DELHI: They are upbeat and in a mood to defy their critics. The Indian hockey players are confident that they will make it to the London Olympics by winning the qualifiers at home next month, unfazed by their performance in the past when they showed a tendency to choke under pressure.Their confidence, according to the players, stems from the fact that they are \"100 per cent\" fit, both physically and mentally. \"I am sure we will qualify for the Olympics,\" said striker Tushar Khandekar after an intense practice session under coach Michael Nobbs.When asked why he was so sure given India's tendency to squander golden opportunities at key moments in big tournaments, Khandekar referred to the tournaments India have played recently - the Champions Challenge where they finished second and the Asian Champions Trophy which they won. \"We are working on not conceding short corners in matches. We are also focussed on playing attacking hockey to score more goals.\"In the Olympic qualifiers, world No. 10 India will be fighting with lower-ranked teams Canada (14), France (18), Poland (19), the United States (24) and Italy (28). \"There is no strong or weak team in modern hockey. We have to beat everybody to qualify,\" he said.Fellow player Sardar Singh said the improved performance of the players in recent times had to do with their \"improved fitness\". \"The fitness of players has surely improved under physio David John.\"John himself said that some of the players have improved as much as 40 per cent since July, the time he joined the probables. \"We have different training plans for different players. They have improved and I would call them hockey-fit. They need to work on their strength. It's still not at the level of the Australians or the Kiwis. We are working on it though it can't be done in a short time like three months,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468416", "title": "Daughter staged robbery for love and revenge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Forty-eight hours after an east Delhi businessman's daughter gave an SOS call to the cops about a robbery in her house, police found that the home-alone girl had actually masterminded the crime with her boyfriend. On Tuesday, when the police rushed to her home, the girl, Aditi Jain, her hair dishevelled and claiming to have been gagged by robbers, had cooked up the crime scene to make it look like a perfect robbery.The motive was simple: love and revenge. The two were in love, but there was no consent for marriage. And so they wanted to take revenge - loot and flee and later elope, said police.Aditi, an interior designer and her Jaipur-based friend, Ankit Bengani, had planned the crime with clockwork precision at their Surajmal Vihar home. And Ankit, a chocolate trader, decamped with a booty of more than Rs 1 crore in cash and diamond jewellery. The robbery was enacted when the girl's family members were away shopping. Both Aditi, 22, and her boyfriend Ankit, 24, have been arrested.The police are surprised at the perfection with which the crime was committed. From cutting locks of the iron grille on the rear gate to blacking out CCTV footage, it seemed to be the handiwork of ace professionals. But the duo could not keep up with intense police interrogation and broke down to confess their crime.Sources said they were probing the accused's involvement in another case of burglary in the same house sometime ago. The family had then chosen not to lodge a police complaint. \"We are probing if the duo had any involvement in the earlier heist and whether that money was pumped into Ankit's chocolate business,\" said a police officer.DCP East, Prabhakar, said, \"On Tuesday, the girl had complained to the police that she was gagged and tied up by three masked men in black clothes, who robbed the house.\"Police found the robber had entered and fled through the back gate after cutting the door handle and grille. An electric cutter was found to have been used. \"We formed several teams to nab the accused. Investigations showed it was impossible to enter the house through the rear gate by cutting open the lock and handle from outside. We suspected an inside role,\" Prabhakar said.The police questioned the maid. She tipped off the cops that Aditi and her childhood friend Ankit Bengani had been secretly meeting each other by using the rear gate. Suspicion was strengthened after recovery of keys of two locks of the rear entry gate inside the bedroom of Naveen Jain.A special police team was meanwhile tracking the whereabouts of Ankit and found that he had been staying in a guest house in Jaipur. A team went to Jaipur and arrested Ankit early on Thursday.\"After sustained interrogation, he confessed he had masterminded the crime with his girlfriend, Aditi. The electric cutter and the bag for ferrying the cash and valuables had been earlier purchased. Ankit admitted he was allowed entry into the house by Aditi, who kept a watch on CCTV system to ensure that no footage was recorded while he was busy emptying almirahs of cash and jewels. \"Later, we interrogated the girl who broke down and accepted her involvement in the crime,\" Prabhakar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11469498", "title": "Date of birth battle not yet over: General VK Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Army chief's defiant battle against the government to get his \"honour and integrity\" restored is far from over. With General VK Singh not ruling out resigning before his term, the senior-most serving Lt-General Shankar Ghosh also seems to have thrown his hat into the ring, muddying the succession battle further.Gen Singh himself was quite combative, albeit a little hurt by \"reprehensible\" campaigns directed against him, during the annual Army Day press conference on Thursday.Usual questions on Pakistan, China, J&K;, the Army's \"transformation\" drive, modernization delays and the like were hurled at him, but were repeatedly interspersed by ones on the festering controversy over his date of birth (DoB). \"The (DoB) issue has always been of integrity and honour right from the time it came to the forefront. It has always been tackled by me in organizational interest,\" he said.Asked point-blank whether he was contemplating resignation, Gen Singh said, \"Please leave it to my judgement about what I should do. I may decide on some action after I find time to think about myself.\"With Gen Singh keeping all his options open, sources say Western Command chief Lt-Gen Ghosh, the senior-most among the eight Army commander-rank officers in the 1.13-million force, got his \"medical category\" upgraded barely10 days ago in a surprising move. This after first getting it downgraded last year on account of \"osteoarthritis of the right hip joint\" to get a higher disability pension.Perhaps, Lt-Gen Ghosh fancies his chances to become the Army chief since he will be the senior-most general if the Army chief resigns before his tenure ends on May 31. Lt-Gen Ghosh is also slated to retire on May 31.Even though it's a political call, successive governments have almost always followed the seniority principle to anoint a new military chief, except in extremely rare instances like Lt-Gen SK Sinha's supersession by Gen A S Vaidya as the Army chief by Indira Gandhi in the early 1980s.As of now, Eastern Army commander Lt-Gen Bikram Singh is the frontrunner for the coveted post when Gen VK Singh retires on May 31 as scheduled, with the defence ministry firmly holding the Army chief's date of birth (DoB) will stand at \"May 10, 1950\", and not \"May 10, 1951\" as he wants.If Gen Singh's year of birth was settled at 1951, present Northern Army commander Lt-Gen K T Parnaik would have taken over since the former would continue in office till March, 2013.One thing is clear. The Army chief does not want Lt-Gen Bikran Singh to succeed him since he believes his DoB was not corrected despite his repeated attempts since former chiefs like Gens J J Singh and Deepak Kapoor wanted to pave the way for the present Eastern Army commander.Asked about allegations of a decade-old fake encounter in J&K; being leveled against Lt-Gen Bikram Singh, the Army chief said the matter was sub-judice. \"We have a report of that period, which has been made available to the people concerned. I don't think there was an inquiry conducted at that time. In all encounters, it is left to the civil police to do the inquiry,\" he said.The age controversy has deepened the civilian-military divide. Gen Singh, however, contends his age row had neither marred his transformational and anti-corruption drives, not affected his working relationship with the defence ministry. \"I work for the organization, not for myself. It may play a role in my family life, or within the four walls of my house, but not outside,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473370", "title": "Katy Perry didn't see divorce coming", "text": "Katy Perry and Russell Brand hadn't spoken about divorce prior to their split.Although the pair were said to be having \"normal couple problems\" before the actor-and-comedian filed for divorce on December 30 - just over a year after they first tied the knot - Katy reportedly had no idea Russell was considering ending their marriage for good.A source told HollywoodLife.com: \"Katy and Russell were having normal couple problems. There was no talk of divorce around Thanksgiving. It all happened right before Christmas but no one, not even Katy saw the divorce coming.\"While the singer is said to be \"devastated\" at the marital split, the insider added that there is \"zero chance\" of the couple rekindling their romance.Russell recently admitted he found it hard not to \"cherish and crave\" his wilder days before he met Katy.In an interview recorded shortly before the couple's split, he said: \"I'd do a gig and four or five women would come back.\"There were times when it wasn't all desperate and ugly. There were times when I was this representation of pure libertarianism and sexuality. It's so hard not to cherish them and crave them.\"I know where they ended up. I know where they went, but I became this thing. Women meeting across me. One would leave, another would come. There'd be crossovers. And they had no problem with each other. And it was blissful.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11469373", "title": "Films at Maquinez Palace", "text": "The Entertainment Society of Goa will screen 'A pestering journey' directed by K R Manoj and 'Khule Darwaaze, directed by Ashish Pandey, for members of the Goa Cinephile at the Maquinez Palace (auditorium II), Panaji, on January 13 at 6.30pm.'Kala Utsav' at GoaCollege of Art: The Goa College of Art will present 'Kala Utsav', a festival of art, at the college premises at Altinho, Panaji, from January 13 to 18 (excluding Sunday, January 15). The festival, which is open to the public, will be followed, for the next three days by 'Kala Rang', a talent and creativity event for students of the college. There will be on-the-spot competitions in photography, portraiture, painting and sculpture for visitors. 'Kalamkari', wooden toys, pithwork, jewellery making, glass blowing, tile painting, rangoli, on-the-spot portraiture, sketching, caricature and cartooning, sculpture, pottery, claywok, photography, computer graphics etc. are the variety of activity visitors can experience and enjoy at the festival.There will also be photography and landscape exhibitions with a focus on the theme of the festival.The 'Walk-in child art competition' will also be held. Children of all ages, who can walk in any time between 3pm and 6pm on all days of the festival and walk out with a colourful participation certificate as soon as they finish and hand over their art work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11469014", "title": "'Suspicious' pick-up ferrying people held at Balli, released", "text": "MARGAO: Anxious moments were witnessed at Balli on Thursday morning after the flying squad attached to the Quepem sub-divisional magistrate's (SDM) office attached a pick-up carrying men and women , proceeding towards a politician's residence at Balli, and took it to the Cuncolim police station for inquiry.Sources informed TOI that the state's chief electoral officer received a complaint that people were being ferried to a certain politician's house possibly to lure them with monetary or material offers.As the complaint was forwarded to the Quepem SDM, the flying squad led by executive magistrate, Quepem, Shankar Gaonkar, kept an eye on the movement of vehicles in the area.Speaking to TOI, Gaonkar said that a pick-up proceeding from Canaguinim to Balli, carrying 38 people, was intercepted near the Balli junction. Cuncolim police assisted the flying squad in conducting a search of the vehicle and the persons travelling in it.Police sources said that nothing incriminating could be found in the vehicle and on the persons, who were allowed to leave.SDM, Quepem, Rajendra Mirajkar, said that as the allegations made in the complaint could not be confirmed during the search exercise by the police, the flying squad did not lodge a complaint with the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11475367", "title": "Cupcakes calling at Bombay Baking Company", "text": "Celebrations are synonymous with cutting a cake but as JW Marriott , Mumbai turns 10, they invite you to sink in to 10 unique varieties of dainty cupcakes at their in-house confectionery Bombay Baking Company.Walk in with your loved ones between 10 and 31 January 2012 and satiate your cravings for a guilt-free indulgence. Crafted with care by Savio Fernandes, their pastry chef, the assortment of cupcakes comprise the all-time favourites such as Oreo vanilla combo cupcake with crushed Oreo cookies, vanilla bean scented cupcake, Tahitian bean cupcake with marshmallows and pistachio icing.Chocolate lovers can relish the chocolate-cherry cupcake topped with cream frosting and sour cherries, the famous Butter Scotch Cupcake served with a dollop of dark chocolate mousse and the dark chocolate-chip cupcake.The ones looking for variety in flavours can go for the tangy lemon cheese cupcake with lemon curd and cream cheese frosting, the popular German black forest cupcake with cherry stuffed and topped with chocolate flakes. And of course, health conscious people can simply move on to the special fruit cupcakes that include the carrot &amp; mascarpone cupcake, the cinnamon scented apple cinnamon cupcake topped with caramelized apple or tangerine cupcake orange scented cup cake with tangerine rind.The sinful, cute little cakes are priced at Rs. 165 and are simply hard to resist.When: Between 10 to 31 January 2012 Where: Bombay Baking Company, JW Marriott, Mumbai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11469408", "title": "Government unwilling to revise Bhopal tragedy toll", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is not keen to change the classification of victims of the Bhopal gas tragedy in its curative petition before the Supreme Court and allow higher compensation for thousands or admit to a higher number of fatalities, although it is ready to consider doubling the relief demanded for the small number it currently accepts as dead and those permanently scarred due to the lethal gas leak.The government seems to be reluctant to change the classification, which currently puts a vast majority of victims under the lowest 'temporary ill' or with 'minor injuries' category or admit to higher mortality figures, as that could also create a precedent methodology for all future cases of a similar nature.The group of ministers on Bhopal will consider these issues on Friday.Even though the note for the GoM suggests that the compensation could be doubled in some cases, it has warned that changing the classification of victims could jeopardize the chance of the curative petition in the SC. The curative petition was filed to seek higher compensation on the grounds that there were factual errors in reporting the number of people affected.As per the curative petition of the government, 527,894 victims are classified as those with 'minor injuries' and 35,455 as those with 'temporary injuries'. It classifies only 4,902 with permanent injuries, and 42 as utmost severe cases. This, despite the fact that the safety manual of Union Carbide notes that 'major residual injury is likely in spite of prompt treatment' if someone breathes the lethal Methyl Isocyante that had leaked in Bhopal in 1984.The government is also not keen to alter the number of people it admits as deceased (5,295), despite the state government having admitted that 15,342 people had died till 1997 as a result of exposure to the leakage at the Union Carbide plant.The curative petition puts the number of permanently disabled at six times less than the original numbers it had accepted in 1989 and those with utmost severity at 47 times less. The government does not want the methodology reopened despite the obvious lacunae. For example, people are only considered disabled if they are left unable to work. Consequently, 74% of those with serious injuries - like elderly people, students, housewives, otherwise unemployed people and children - were marked as disabled but got relief for only 'minor injuries' because the compensation form only accepted a disability if the people had also lost existing livelihoods.The government stopped admitting any claims for deaths due to the tragedy after that even though the Indian Council of Medical Research showed that the death rates remained substantially higher (almost twice as high) at that time in these areas as compared to those that had not been affected.The ICMR too wound up its research after 1997. Projections based on this higher death rate, which is attributed to the gas leak, could take the numbers of dead to more than 20,000.But, the government has decided to go with the original numbers merely admitting to a factual error in counting in the first case and not admitting to a fault of the government in the process of identifying the affected.The process of justifying the claim for compensation left the onus on the victims' families at their own expense, and 10,047 cases were rejected at the time of paying compensation even though the district collector had accepted 15,342 cases. The appeals' process was so tedious that only 2% of the rejected claimants ever did so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468309", "title": "Spurned, he slit girl's throat", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an incident that brings back memories of the Radhika Tanwar case, a 19-year-old-girl, Anita, was murdered by a spurned lover on Thursday. The deceased's sister, Kavita (18), was also attacked. Both the victims were rushed to AIIMS Trauma Centre where Anita was declared dead. By late evening, Rajesh, the 27-year-old guard who allegedly murdered Anita, had been arrested. Rajesh was upset because Anita had repeatedly rejected his marriage proposal, said cops.The incident occurred in the jungle area that connects Kusumpur Pahari with upscale Vasant Kunj malls. The victims and the accused are residents of the Pahari. Anita worked as a sales executive along with her sister at Ambience Mall in Vasant Kunj.The sisters were on their way to the mall to report for work when they were accosted by Rajesh. The latter whipped the sisters with a cricket wicket and slit Anita's throat. A group of boys on their way to a nearby field noticed the two women and informed the cops around 10am. However, the exact time of Anita's death could not be ascertained.According to DCP (south), Chhaya Sharma, the case was cracked in less than six hours after it emerged that Anita had known Rajesh for the last five years. Anita used to take tuitions from Rajesh. Soon, he developed a liking for her. Although Anita did not protest his advances initially, last year, she began avoiding Rajesh.The accused suspected that Anita was having an affair and often questioned her on the subject. After getting a cold response from Anita, Rajesh tried to strike a friendship with Kavita. But even that did not work. He stopped accompanying the sisters to the mall at Anita's resistence.\"On Wednesday night, Rajesh went to Anita's house to have a word with her parents, Mata Singh and Srimati. He demanded that their daughter be married to him. But they declined the offer, claiming that his income was too meager to support Anita.He repeated the offer on Thursday morning but got the same response. Enraged, he decided to kill Anita. \"Both victims were found with severe head injuries. The arrest was made on Kavita's statement,'' said DCP Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468423", "title": "Kashmir ka Kaul &amp; his tryst with Numaish", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tucked among a series of Kashmiri stalls displaying exquisitely embroidered clothing at the ongoing Numaish, 'Canaud House' comes across as just another stall selling silk saris and scarves and pashmina shawls among a range of goods from the valley. But it happens to be the first Kashmiri stall that brought the beautiful Kashmiri saris and shawls to Hyderabad and also set a trend for several other artisans to follow suit. From just one stall in its initial years, the exhibition now boasts of 250 Kashmiri stalls, courtesy Canaud House. Not just that. It is also the oldest stall in the exhibition's history spanning over seven decades.The store is aptly named after the symbolic silk 'Canaud' from the valley. Surender Kaul, 65, the owner hailing from Srinagar says that his father set up the stall when the exhibition was started in Bagh-e-Aam (Public Gardens) and since then, the family has been buying a stall year after year. Kaul says that as the years passed by, the fellow artisans became aware, realised the business potential and started participating in it armed with their hand embroidered clothing, dry fruits, furnishing, leather goods and jewellery.Kashmiri artisans and traders happen to be participants travelling the longest distance to put up their stall at the Numaish. They go through a three-day long train journey to come to the city every year for a 45-day stay. Four years ago, Pakistani and Iranian traders stopped participating at the Numaish. \"The hospitality we get here is a cut above the rest. We participate in trade fairs throughout India but Hyderabad is close to our hearts,\" says Kaul who took over from his father in 1965 and has been making it to Hyderabad annually ever since. \"When my father set a shop here in 1952, there were just about 50 stalls but now there are 2,500 stalls. It's only becoming bigger with each year,\" Kaul says, whose father once sold Kashmiri wares to the city's nobles.He says that Hyderabadis eagerly await the Numaish to begin to buy their favourite Kashmiri items more so the dry fruits, its world famous saffron and carpets. Talking about the \"heaven on earth\" Kaul says that tourism has revived in the trouble-hit Kashmir after a long gap. He says that till about 4-5 years ago, nobody was willing to go to Kashmir due to the unrest but now people are going back to the valley. \"All tourists are safe in Kashmir,\" he says, adding that the locals are also not scared of the uncertainties anymore.Apart from the stall at Numaish, the family has a permanent Kashmiri store at L B Stadium which is also the first among the 5-6 permanent stores selling goods from the valley in Hyderabad. Kaul says that Hyderabad is home to around 60 Kashmiri families, who are here on central government postings apart from about 20 migrants settled here for a living. After Numaish, Kaul will be off to Srinagar to make arrangements for the upcoming holiday season to cater to the demands of the tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11469628", "title": "CBI begins probe into lawyer's death", "text": "JAIPUR: A CBI team on Thursday visited Barwara village near Samod in Jaipur rural to investigate the alleged suicide of a lawyer by jumping into a well. They recorded the statements of the lawyer's family members.The team collected evidences from the well in Barwara village where the body of lawyer, Murlidhar Yadav, was found on Wednesday morning.The Rajasthan High Court had ordered a CBI probe into the alleged suicide by lawyer Murlidhar Yadav following alleged police harassment and directed the agency to submit a report by Friday.A factual report on police cases surrounding the lawyer was also sought from the Muralipura, Chomu and other concerned police stations.\"We have collected evidence from the site and seized the relevant documents,\" said a CBI official. He said that the policemen who are being accused of torture at Murlipuara police station will also be interrogated.Scuffle between two groups of lawyers was also reported at the Rajasthan High Court when an advocate turned up for hearing in the case after the lawyers association had decided to boycott work in the state in protest against the incident. Not allowing the advocate to work, some lawyers thrashed him and another employee on Thursday.Lawyers across the state did not turn up at the courts leaving legal cases and the people in a lurch.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot also took a review of the law and order situation on Thursday following the violent protests by lawyers on Wednesday. Lawyers had blocked roads, set police booths on fire and clashed with the police on Wednesday.Gehlot on Thursday said the lawyers were not justified in boycotting work once the high court had handed over investigation to the CBI.\"The court immediately ordered a CBI probe, which is a rare thing. Moreover, two policemen have already been suspended even though it is yet to be found as to who was at fault,\" Gehlot told reporters. \"Lawyers are supposed to protect law and if they do such things, it is sad,\" he said, when asked about the inconvenience caused to commuters when lawyers went on a rampage on Wednesday.Senior police officers told TOI that the lawyers involved in disrupting law and order are being identified and legal action will be taken against them.Murlidhar Yadav (32), who committed suicide following alleged police atrocity was facing murder attempt and cheating charges and a case was filed against him at Murlipura police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468570", "title": "GRP books over 1k commuters in Railway Safety Week", "text": "MUMBAI: The Government Railway Police (GRP) booked 1,123 commuters for various violations in the recently concluded Railway Safety Week across the city.Apart from frequently reported instances of men travelling illegally in ladies and handicapped compartments, cops also came across a large number of abandoned and runaway kids. Obstructing other commuters from boarding by placing heavy luggage and performing stunts on trains were other major offences.\"We conducted the Railway Safety Week from January 2 to 9. Our focus was curbing stone-pelting and mugging incidents where slum-dwellers are usually involved, and safety of women passengers. We increased deployment of personnel on platforms opposite ladies coaches,\" a top police official said. \"On the Central line, 17 offenders were booked at Dombivli which was the highest, followed by Panvel (11) for travelling in ladies compartments. Dombivli had the highest number of people caught travelling in handicapped coaches illegally (20), followed by Wadala (17),\" a senior inspector said.Shockingly, 118 abandoned and runaway kids were found on the Central line in a week. \"We found 44 kids at Kurla which was the highest, followed by 28 kids at Wadala and 19 at Vashi,\" an official said. \"The kids were sent to a shelter until a parent or relative came to get them.\"On the Western line, 29 youths were nabbed in a week for performing stunts. \"We discovered that a majority of the boys operate on fast trains and on locals which start from Virar,\" an assistant commissioner said. Another cause of concern was people caught for obstructing commuters from boarding by placing heavy luggage. 329 such offenders were booked on the Western and Central lines collectively. Maximum defaulters on the Central line were at Kurla and Kalyan, officials said.\"We have appealed to commuters not to encourage hawkers plying illegally in trains by purchasing items from them. In several cases, hawkers are found to be involved in railway crimes,\" an official said, adding that 131 hawkers were held collectively on the Central and Western lines in the past week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11469478", "title": "Mystery shrouds death of 11-yr-old domestic help", "text": "KANPUR: Mystery shrouds the death of an eleven-year-old domestic help. Ashish was left by two unidentified persons at Ursala Horsman Hospital on Tuesday night. Younger son of Anil Mondal and Reena from New Delhi's Mayapuri area, he was working as a domestic help at the residence of Shiv Prakash Tewari, an accountant in village development office and residing in D-block, Vishwabank Barra.The post-mortem report indicated severe thrashing and smashing of head with some hard object as the cause of death. After being informed, Reena and her elder son Vikas reached the city from New Delhi on Wednesday and grew suspicious of Tewari and his son Rahul and confronted them about Ashish's sudden death. \"However, the two had feigned ignorance and said that the boy ran away from home after being scolded,\" said a police official.Reena said that Ashish was subjected to inhuman treatment as there were serious injury marks all over his body, including skull, possibly caused by a hook of leather belt. The boy's father Anil is suffering from mental illness. His mother Reena is financially unsound and sent Ashish to Tewari's house. Investigations revealed that the boy was brought to the city about four months back by Shiv Praksh Tewari during his visit to New Delhi, where his son Rahul is preparing for civil services examination.\"Rahul's father Shiv Prakash Tewari met Reena, who prepares food for his son and suggested her to send her younger son Ashish with him to his place in Kanpur where he would take care of him as well as his stud-ies,\" said a police official.Tiwari told the police that the boy was only scolded after Rs 1,000 went missing from the house on Monday afternoon. Later in the evening, Ashish went out of the house only to resurfaced mysteriously with critical injuries at the UHM Hospital on Tuesday night, where he died. He said that a rickshaw-puller identified as Munna, a native of Unnao, took Ashish to the hospital after being asked by two unidentified men riding on a two-wheeler. The men escaped from there after the doctors declared Ashish dead. Ashish's mother and elder brother Vikas alleged that Tewari's family could be behind his death.The Kotwali police said that it is not yet clear whether Ashish died of accident or murdered. His mother has initially alleged that her son's employer may have assaulted him after cash upto Rs 1,000 went missing from his house. She had not lodged a complaint in this regard. The whereabouts of boy's mother and brother, who reached the city on Wednesday to claim his body, is not yet known after the cremation in the evening. \"Going by the post-mortem report, it is a clear case of assault.The report mentioned a couple of deep wounds, blackening of nose, ears, neck, hip, waist, thighs, lips besides several scratch marks on his body,\" said a doctor. Ashish was missing on Monday but Tewari and his son Rahul reached the mortuary on Wednesday after they learnt about the body of a boy lying there in an abandoned state. Meanwhile, sources said that Tewari had tried to strike a bargain with Ashish's mother and offered 'compensation'.Going by the post-mortem report, the police should have registered an FIR against the guilty persons and slap a case of violation of child labour laws against the Tiwari and his son for employing an underage worker, said a child rights activist. \"First of all, it is illegal to employ a person below the age of 14 for domestic works. The guilty persons should be punished.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469153", "title": "Virat's bus used to have conductor on only one trip", "text": "NAGPUR: Bus contractor Suraj Padole, who had changed the registration number of the bus that killed 8-year-old Virat Zade and presented an impersonator as driver before the cops, also cheated parents by using only one conductor for two schools, police said after interrogations on Wednesday night and Thursday.Padole and his subcontractor, Shaikh Ismail Shaikh Pyaro, had been providing bus service to two schools, including Little Pearls School. They would have a conductor on only one shift in both the schools.\"In the morning, the conductor would work for Little Pearls School to pick up children from home. In the afternoon, he would work for another school to drop children home. In this manner, Padole was cheating parents too,\" said Prakash Bele, senior police inspector of Hudkeshwar police station.Meanwhile, the police also arrested one more bus driver, who helped washed off the blood from the tyres and seat of the killer school bus. More people, including some from the school, are suspected to be involved in the conspiracy, said police.On Wednesday, during investigations cops learnt that the school bus contractor Suraj Padole and his agent Shaikh Ismail Shaikh Pyaro had changed the registration number of the bus involved in the accident and surrendered a vehicle that was not involved in the accident. Police said that this was done since the fitness certificate of the killer bus had expired.Police said the accident took place due to the absence of the conductor. Hence, all persons linked with the school bus service, including school authorities, will also be booked under relevant sections.After going through RTO rules and regulations for school buses and school authorities, Bele has concluded that Padole did not follow a majority of the rules for school buses.As per RTO rules, the school bus, whether hired or owned by school, should have the school's name on the yellow line, but Padole and school administration did not bother to do that. Also, the assigned driver should have minimum five years experience, but the driver assigned by Padole had just two years experience of driving a bus.Bele said that as per rules, the principal is required to check every three months whether the school bus drivers and contractors are following RTO guidelines or not. \"It seems none of the school authorities even checked the basic rules and regulations made by RTO. The school principal should have at least checked whether the conductor is present in both shifts or not,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468481", "title": "Man suffers 75% burns", "text": "MUMBAI: A 40-year-old man suffered 75% burns after he came in contact with a live overhead wire atop a Virar-bound local train and got an electric shock from a Virar-bound local train at Dahisar on Thursday. The victim had climbed up to the roof of a Virar-bound local for commuting, when the incident took place around 5.45 pm.He has been admitted to a hospital at Borivli. The victim hails from a lower middle-class family and is not in a condition to speak. His condition is critical,\" an on-duty medical officer at the hospital said. Doctors added that saving the life of a patient who has sustained more than 50 % burns is a difficult task.GRP officials said the incident took place after the train had crossed Dahisar station. The section runs on alternate current (AC) with 25,000 volts.On January 3, a BPO employee, Jignesh Vansaria (24), had sustained 60 % burns after coming into contact with a live overhead wire at Borivali. Vansaria is still recovering, doctors said. A resident of Gorai, he was commuting to his workplace at Bhayander when the incident occurred. The same day, another commuter got an electric shock at Borivali but escaped with minor injuries and was sent home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468750", "title": "Spartans Sports Club rally to hold Dadar XI", "text": "MUMBAI: Spartans Sports Club came up with a dogged fightback to share the spoils with Dadar XI 1-1 in a Division I match of the Mumbai District Football Association (MDFA) league, played at the MPT ground, on Thursday.The Dadar outfit, enjoying a better share of exchanges early on, managed to take the lead through Donald Gibbs in the ninth minute.But they failed to defend the lead and came under a lot of pressure from the Spartans' attackers.Result: Dadar XI 1 (Donald Gibbs) drew with Spartan SC 1 (Aditya Deshmukh).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11468625", "title": "Raid on Ratlam co-operative employee unearths Rs 9cr assets", "text": "BHOPAL: The police claimed that Kailash Sangate had two dumpers, two JCB machines, five luxury vehicles, two homes in Ujjain and two shops in Indore, besides jewellery worth about Rs 1 lakh, two motor-bikes, 12 savings bank accounts in different banks that showed transactions worth Rs 1.45 crore. The SP said these were the preliminary findings, and the police expected to unearth more in the course of investigations.Incidentally, this is the second Lokayukta raid in Indore in about a month to unearth a large amount of unaccounted assets from a low level UMC employee. In December, another employee, Narendra Deshmukh, was found owning assets worth around Rs 10 crore. This was while his legal income from all his years of employment was found to be just about Rs 12 lakh.Deshmukh was a store-keeper with UMC at the time of the raid. He was alleged to have property worth Rs 10 crore in Maharashtra and Haryana, besides Indore.In the second instance, the Lokayukta police team raided the home of a sub-auditor of the co-operative department to seize documents allegedly showing that he owned property worth about Rs 9 crore in Indore alone. Another police team was conducting a raid on his other home in Ratlam, as of late evening.The man, Anand Pathak, was earlier posted in a co-operative society in Indore and was transferred to Ratlam a year and a half ago.Lokayukta's Indore SP, Virendra Singh, said his team unearthed property prima facie worth Rs 9 crore. The details from the raid going on at his Ratlam home are awaited, the SP said.Pathak was found to own two houses, one each in Rajmohalla and Money Avenue of Vaishali Nagar Colony, besides two shops in South Tukoganj, two more in Durga Apartment of Rajendra Nagar area, two plots in Gopur Colony and one plot near the Indore airport. He was also found to possess two four-wheelers and two two-wheelers, LIC policies worth Rs 10 lakh, Rs 4 lakh deposited in different banks, accounts, Fixed deposits worth Rs 3 lakh, jewellery valued at Rs 9 lakh and some more. The team also seized Rs 1.20 lakh in cash from his residence.The SP said Pathak earns a monthly salary of around Rs 25,000, and had been employed for 18 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11469988", "title": "Rain leaves farmers in debt", "text": "RANCHI: Vegetable prices, after remaining high for over several months crashed last week, giving relief to common man, but left the farmers in heavy debt. Though farmers were hoping for better prices, it is not likely to give them any breather. The markets, after being flooded with seasonal vegetables, will soon face a crisis owing to untimely rains, persistent cold wave and disease infestation.Jairam Mahato of Boreya, who came to the market with cauliflowers, said, \"I will sell them at any price or else the vegetables will decay. I was happy to see the bumper crop, but when I came to the market, I was shocked to find that there were hardly any takers. How will I repay the loan which I took from a local money lender?\"\"I am trying to sell off my entire stock so that I can pay him back, otherwise it seems the price may come down to Rs 4-5 per kg,\" he added.In terms of production, cabbage, peas and tomato also reached an all-time high. Some farmers plucked peas at premature stage to avoid damage because of rainfall. \"We wanted to save our vegetables from rain. But the market was flooded with peas bringing down the price,\" said Shahin Ansari of Oremanjhi, who after selling peas for Rs70 per kg, emptied his stock at Bahu Bazaar market at a rate of Rs 8 per kg.While agriculture experts blame it on poor market management technique and lack of infrastructure, farmers blame bad weather.Khurshid, a vegetable wholeseller at daily market, said, \"Every year, during winter months, prices come down because of heavy input. But as all the vegetables came to the market at the same time following the rain, they were not in a position to earn any profit. Unless there is a facility for storing vegetables, they are of no use after a couple of days.\"Weather scientist and agriculture expert at Birsa Agriculture University (BAU) A Wadood said, \"Farmers need to plan phased harvest to avoid market-driven price regulation. If a farmer is aware that he has no facility to store vegetables, he must harvest it from fields in phased manner to get maximum return,\" he said adding prices are likely to go up because of the damage caused to the vegetable crops.While some farmers plucked tomato and peas in a hurry, apprehending damage by hail storm, those who are yet to harvest the crops are now under the fear of being attacked by pests. \"Oilseeds can be attacked by Aphid, whereas common disease of potatoes, blight, is also likely to hit the plants, since they are getting suns rays and warmth now after weeklong moisture,\" said Wadood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11467333", "title": "HC asks PMC to remove 'khatals'", "text": "PATNA: The Patna High Court on Thursday directed the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) to remove all the illegal 'khatals' from the main thoroughfares of the state capital.A division bench of Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Gopal Parsad passed the order while hearing a PIL filed by Varun Kumar Sharma. Petitioner's lawyer Sunil Singh said that the court also directed the PMC to file an action taken report (ATR) in this regard within two months.The court had earlier directed the civic body to form a separate wing to oversee the removal of 'khatals' from the city and also to create public awareness about the problem as the 'khatals' in residential areas cause inconvenience to the people. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11467433", "title": "City girl wins gold in cultural Olympiad", "text": "PUNE: Ten-year-old Rujuta Kulkarni of Symbiosis School bagged a gold medal at the Global Cultural Olympiad held in Bangkok in December.The Olympiad in music, dance and instruments categories was organized by the Global Council of Arts and Culture, an international organisation under the aegis of UNESCO. Padmashree Darshana Zaveri, an international artist, was one of the judges. Rujuta is a student of Manisha Gote of Sukruti Kathak dance academy in Pune. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11469817", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee was aware of controversial 2G note, finmin officials tell JPC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee was aware of the contents of the controversial March 25, 2011 2G note which suggested P Chidambaram could have prevented the scam by insisting on auctions, a top ministry official told the Joint Parliamentary Committee on telecom on Thursday.Department of economic affairs secretary R Gopalan agreed that the meaning of the noting \"seen\" by the minister meant that Mukherjee was aware of the note although he may not have approved it, JPC chairperson P C Chacko said after the committee's meeting. \"We sought this clarification,\" Chacko told TOI.Gopalan's offered his explanation as finance ministry officials were grilled by opposition members over when and under what circumstances did the finance ministry under P Chidambaram during UPA-1 drop its insistence on revising entry level prices for 2G spectrum.Gopalan and finance secretary R S Gujral were subjected to intense questioning on the March 25, 2011 note that cast Chidambaram in poor light by BJP's S S Ahluwalia who presented documents including a key January 5, 2011 telecom note to the cabinet secretariat stating the need for a \"harmonized\" version of events in the light of media reports. BJP's Yashwant Sinha said the finance ministry could not shy away from its ownership of the note.The trigger, Ahluwalia contended, was not media reports but the need to respond to the Public Accounts Committee probing the damaging audit report on 2G licences. In this context, references to Chidambaram were deliberate and Ahluwalia asked officials whether it was normal practice for finance ministry to coordinate a note that should have been the telecom ministry's domain.The telltale evidence, Ahluwalia said, lay in a finance ministry note of March 23 that said certain documents collated were at variance to what had been submitted to the PAC and CAG earlier. The PMO remained in the picture as the then principal secretary to PM was noted to have inquired whether replies were sent to PAC.Congress members interrupted Ahluwalia at one point leading to strong protests by Sinha. Although Congress members did not intervene much, party MP Manish Tewari sought two hours to pose questions to the officials at a later date.Sinha asked officials why the finance ministry dropped its guard not only on revision of 2001 entry prices for licences issued in 2008 but also its case for charging for spectrum embedded with licences and additional airwaves beyond 4.4 Mhz.Sinha said the ministry's objectives were to try and maximize the government's earnings and ensure that pricing was decided jointly by finance and telecom ministry. It failed to do either. \"At what level was the decision taken not to pursue these aims,\" Sinha is understood to have asked.MPs insisted that the finance ministry could not wash its hands off the note even though it bore the PMO's scrutiny as it was issued by the ministry. A draft of the March 25 note was sent to PMO on January 18 and its final form was not a factual account but \"bristled with conclusions\" on Chidambaram's possible role in preventing the licence disbursal.At one stage then, finance secretary Ashok Chawla notes that the principal secretary to PM has sought to know the status of the communication. Cabinet secretariat also notes the PMO's interest.Some political quarters felt that the March 25, 2011 note reflected the PMO's need to \"set the record straight\" after media reports surfaced on Chidambaram having written to the PM supporting auctions. The controversial note saw Mukherjee distancing himself from its compilation and in a stroke turning the focus on Chidambaram and PMO. Mukherjee argued in a letter to the PM that the note had been prepared only because the PMO pressed for such a course of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11470018", "title": "Investment firm asked to return cash to customer", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Consumer Redressal Forum has directed a private investment company, which has allegedly duped an investor to the tune of Rs 13 lakh, to repay the money along with 9 per cent interest.The consumer forum also directed the company, Indian Emu Life Pvt Ltd, to pay money to the complainant, Sahebrao Aher, for mental harassment and towards litigation cost.Aher, a resident of Aurangabad Naka, in his complaint said he had invested a total of Rs 13,30,240 in a plan-Emu Eggs Co-owner Plan-floated by the company that offered a whopping 86 per cent return in a span of just 35 days.However, when he did not get the promised returns, Aher approached the company but did not get any response.The forum issued notices to the persons running the investment scheme - Harish Dixit, Jayprakash Dixit, Manda Dixit, Monali Dixit, Deepak Pawar and others - but they did not appear for the hearing.The president of the forum, R S Pailwan, in his December 31 judgment observed that since Aher had proper receipts of the transactions and that the cheques issued to him were dishonoured, Indian Emu Life owed the invested amount to Aher.The company has been asked to repay the entire amount along with the interest to be calculated from January 31, 2011 within 30 days from the order.The forum also directed the company to pay Rs 15,000 as compensation for the mental harassment and Rs 1,000 for expenses incurred towards litigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11472380", "title": "A rocking party at Underground, The HHI", "text": "It was time for the party people to let their hair down at Underground, The HHI, after living it up on New Year's.The party people showed that then it comes to having a good time, they're always game. Thus when DJ quartet Anshul, Felix, Sunny and Vikrant took to the console, a good time was guaranteed.We let our roving eyes wander and were not surprised when it came to a rest on Pearl. Looking chic in a blue ruched dress, she partied hard with her friends Rikki, Yashika, Arnav, Suraj and Ashish. While popular Bolly beats ruled the roost, the DJs also interspersed their music with progressive house numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468356", "title": "Police recover stolen jewellery", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bhayander police have recovered 170 gm gold ornaments that were stolen from real estate agent Rajendra Shah, who was murdered on December 29. The accused had sold the jewellery a day after the murder.Anita Jadhav (37), who worked for Shah, was arrested for killing him. Two gold chains and five gold rings were missing from Shah's body. Jadhav sold the ornaments to Shardha jewellers in Vasai. She, along with three aides, had stabbed Shah to death. The motive was robbery.Jadhav, a resident of Nalasopara, confessed to having sold the ornaments to the Vasai jeweller. Police recovered the ornaments and seized Rs 3.60 lakh from Jadhav.A widow with three children, Jadhav was in urgent need of money. She had allegedly conned a woman by promising to help her buy a flat in Mira Road and collected Rs 5.20 lakh from her. The victim, Snehalata Goyal, had lodged a case of cheating with the Mira Road police after Jadhav failed to return the money.Jadhav approached the Vasai jeweller who gave her Rs 3.85 lakh for the gold ornaments. The jeweller did not bother to check whether the ornaments belonged to Jadhav, police said.Cops have warned jewellers against buying stolen ornaments. Police said a major chunk of stolen jewellery is sold in Vasai and Mira Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11470038", "title": "Forgotten Pak film that blurred the boundaries", "text": "KOLKATA: The sense of boundary was blurred, the pitch of enmity dimmed. The audience just sat and soaked in the pain and longing of people who were one, one day. They identified with the characters on the screen, their stories and their tears because they were their own.At the end of Thursday's screening of 'Jago Hua Savera - Day Shall Dawn at Apeejay Kolkata Literary Festival, we know that Pakistan, India and Bangladesh, are one soul in three bodies, a hapless reality. The 1958 film was made by a Pakistani filmmaker under the guidance of one of the greatest poets of that country, Faiz Ahmed Faiz . The film was included in the festival to celebrate the poet's centenary this year.Known to most of the world's cinema lovers as 'lost', the film was recently traced in an archive in London and has created a lot of enthusiasm in Pakistan, especially because it is that country's first feature film to win international awards. Perhaps the most interesting bit about the film is that it is based on Manik Bandyopadhyay's 'Padma Nadir Majhi'. There's more. The lead female character in the film is played by late thespian, Tripti Mitra. The film was shot at a place called Saitnol in East Pakistan, about 30 miles from Dhaka, and is essentially a litany of fishermen's lives at the Meghna. The 87-minute film revo l ve s around extreme poverty of these fishermen. They dream of perhaps owning a fishing boat one day, but in most cases death comes faster because poverty leaves nothing but a shell on their impoverished bodies. The dialogues and screenplay for the film were written by Faiz, who guided director A J Kardar. The poignancy of the film is heightened by Timir Baran's background music and Walter Lassally's cinematography.Faiz's daughter Salima Hashmi, a celebrated writer in her own right, was present at the screening. \"The film was thought as lost, but the producer's son finally traced it in London and we are about to digitally restore it,\" she said.Renowned actor Naseeruddin Shah, who was present at the screening, said, \"The film has left me spellbound. To use this kind of cinema language, so many years ago, only upholds Faiz's genius as a thinker.\" Among others present were Shah's wife Ratna Pathak Shah and Tripti Mitra's daughter Saonli Mitra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11470197", "title": "\u2018Pune\u2019s audience has a refined taste in music\u2019", "text": "PUNE: He started his career with singing ad jingles and title tracks of television serials. Today, he boasts of hits like 'Jashn-E-Bahaaraan' from 'Jodhaa Akbar' (2008), 'Kajrare' from 'Bunty Aur Babli' (2004), 'Ek Din Teri Rahon Mein' from 'Naqaab' (2007) and 'Tu Muskura' from 'Yuvvraaj' (2008). He has a deep, rich and mellifluous voice. He is Javed Ali.Javed will be giving his maiden performance in the city on Friday as part of the Times Pune Festival. \"I am aware that Pune's audience has a refined taste when it comes to music and I'm very excited about performing in the city. I will do my best to entertain Puneites with my songs,\" he says.Initially, he trained under his father, popular qawwali singer Ustad Hamid Hussain, and aspired to become a ghazal singer. \"Ustad Ghulam Ali has been a huge influence and has guided me constantly. In fact, it was he who suggested I change my stage name to Javed Ali from Javed Hussain. As I grew older, I realised that I could be versatile. I decided to try out a variety of singing styles by becoming a playback singer. Mohammad Rafiji, too, has inspired me immensely,\" says Javed.With a creditable body of work with songs rendered for Hindi, Bengali, Tamil and Telugu films, Javed is much sought-after by gifted and established composers. \"My confidence has certainly surged, but I'm not very choosy when it comes to songs. I know that composers know my voice type and what songs will suit me. I have been able to mould my voice according to the nature of the song given to me, be it rock, pop or jazz,\" Javed says.Playback singing in the film industries, Hindi and regional, is very competitive but talented individuals like Javed are getting their due share of recognition. \"This is possible as I see quite a bit of openmindedness among the professionals in the industry. Composers are willing to take the risk with upcoming singers. A lot of experimentation is happening in the film industry and the results we show are entirely merit-oriented,\" he adds.Javed has also done shows and world tours with his band Javed Ali Group. \"We've been active for the last five years and have done around 300 shows across India and other parts of the world.\" This year, he is doing playback for films by Yash Raj Productions, the Bhatt camp as well as other big names in the industry.Right now, his hands are full with another project. \"I'm planning to cut an album of my own very soon. It's still in the concept stage. I want to do it, since an album will allow me to further strengthen my identity as a singer,\" Javed signs off.TODAYCULTURE CURRY Javed Ali (Bollywood) Shaniwarwada 7 pm (Complimentary invites available on a first-come-first-serve basis at The Times of India office, Fergusson College Road, between 10 am and 5 pm)COOKING FIESTA Harajuku, O Hotel 4 pm to 6 pm (To register for free cooking classes, call 30112321)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11467321", "title": "Youths remember Vivekananda", "text": "PATNA: The build-up to the first-ever Patna Marathon, in which an estimated 10,000 runners are likely to participate, has begun. The run will be organized on February 26.A large number of Patnaites took part in a march on Thursday to commemorate the birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda, which is also celebrated as the \"Youth Day\".The participants in the march included College students, professionals, lawyers, businessmen and volunteers of Patna Marathon. The march started from Kargil Chowk and terminated before the statue of Swami Vivekananda in the Maurya Lok shopping complex here.\"We have decided to organize awareness programmes in the run-up to the Patna Marathon. We will visit colleges and apprise students of the significance of the run,\" CEO of Patna Marathon Atul Kumar told TOI.The marathon was earlier scheduled to be organized on February 19. However, it was rescheduled to February 26 due to some unavoidable reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469526", "title": "IIM-A shortlists 1,177 students for interview", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The country's top management school, the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A), will see three students contesting to capture each seat of its 2012 batch of Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) this year.The institute will admit 385 students to the programme, for which it has shortlisted 1,177 students to be interviewed after the CAT results were declared on January 11.Confirming the number of shortlisted students, chairman of the admission committee at IIM-A Arnav Kumar Laha said, \"We have done the shortlisting at a rate of around three students per seat. A total of 1,177 students have been selected for interview.\" Around 15 percent of the shortlisted candidates are girls this year.The shortlisting at IIM-A, this year, was based on a composite of the CAT score and the score based on a student's profile. Laha said, \"We have taken 70 percent of this composite score from the student's CAT performance and the rest 30 percent from their profile.\" Laha said that profiles have played a more significant role in the shortlisting process this year as compared to previous years.Though the institute had shortlisted its candidates for interview well in time, a technical snag in the institute's information technology system at around 3 pm, prevented the candidates from accessing the list and confirming the names in the shortlist on the day of the results.The score in CAT by candidates who appeared from Ahmedabad was low this year. While three candidates from the state scored 99.99 percentile in the test last year, not a single student from the state was confirmed of getting such a score this time. This year, the number of candidates from the state getting interview calls from IIM-A has also dropped as well.While 15 students got calls from IIM-A last year, only three students have confirmed of getting IIM-A calls this year. Mayur Bhakar (22) from Surat has scored 98.99 percentile and Aakash Shroff (23) from Gandhinagar has scored 98.73 to get their IIM-A calls. Sidharth Goyal (21) who hails from Chittorgarh and is a student of DAIICT in the city has also got a call from the institute scoring 99.89 percentile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "big events are bound to leave some big egos bruised. a cheesed off state information and communications technology minister ponnala lakshmiah was heard berating some cii andhra pradesh top guns right in the hicc lobby. his grouse", "code": "11468304", "title": "Ponnala loses cool", "text": "Big events are bound to leave some big egos bruised. A cheesed off state information and communications technology minister Ponnala Lakshmiah was heard berating some CII Andhra Pradesh top guns right in the HICC lobby. His grouse: he was not invited to the closed door meeting that CM, major industries minister J Geeta Reddy and CII top brass had with Union commerce and industry minister Anand Sharma earlier in the day.\"Who is Muthuraman?\" Lakshmiah asked, referring to CII's national president, much to the embarrassment of the CII officials, adding: \"Those who wear blazers do not recognize people don't wear blazers.\" If this exchange left the CII officials red-faced, soon enough it was Lakshmiah's turn to realize he had put his foot in his mouth when he realized that media persons standing close by could follow the entire exchange.Bumbling CM: For chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, goofing up on public speeches is nothing new. On Thursday too he did not disappoint. Not only did the shoddily written speech refer to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's monetary policy as innovative and \"imaginary\" (instead of imaginative), to add insult to injury Reddy bungled up further by calling it imaginatory! And while talking about the serious subject of global economic uncertainty, the CM provided some comic relief by referring to dwindling revenues of governments as dwelling resources. Surprisingly, the CM, who is trying to don a dynamic avatar to lure investors, was also struggling to describe the world's cheapest tablet Akash, which is made in Hyderabad. A case of the nerves perhaps...Now, bungling babus: After having chased the media for the better part of the last fortnight for publicity on the mega event, on Thursday most babus were busy passing the buck when queried about details of investment proposals. What's more, after all the hype and hoopla about the big investments the state would attract during the summit, at the end of the day all the babus could come up with was a one-pager titled \"signing of MoUs with investment more than Rs 500 crore\", which was later corrected to \"Rs 5,000 crore\" by late evening.Late Latif: So enthusiastic was the chief minister and heavy industries minister about personally supervising the MoUs being signed that he got late for his luncheon with delegates. And with the AP government, which was perhaps working on a tight budget, not even providing delegates the mandatory cookies with tea and coffee, leave alone breakfast, it was not surprising that the ravenous delegates decided to go ahead with their lunch sans the CM and his high powered entourage. The result: CM finally opted for a closed door lunch with CII top brass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11468505", "title": "Synthite acquires Chinese firm for $3 mn", "text": "KOCHI: Spices major Synthite Industries Limited, a global leader in oleoresins, anchored its foray into the international market for natural products by acquiring a Chinese firm for a consideration of $3 million (Rs 159 crore) early this month. The acquisition of the firm based at Xinjian in the southern Jiangxi province is the first of its kind by a Kerala-based firm.Without naming the firm, Synthite Industries director Aju Jacob said it was a leading player in the natural specialties and natural colours market in China.\"Among other plans for natural products, we are planning to manufacture colour extracts from paprika for the international market out of the new China facility,\" Jacob said.The Rs 800-crore Synthite, based at Kolenchery near Kochi, has been scouting for potential acquisitions for the past few months to expand its market for natural products in China and Indonesia.\"China has great potential for processing natural products where we need to establish our footprint internationally. Another growth area is clove extracts where we are looking at countries like Indonesia and Sri Lanka in the next phase of expansion,\" Jacob said.Countries in South America, in particular Brazil, are also growing markets for natural food products and Synthite will try to establish its presence in the South American market whenever the opportunity materializes.Synthite would be looking to expand in those regions by starting new plants, acquiring existing companies or through joint ventures with established players, Jacob said.In its 40{+t}{+h} year of operations, Synthite has manufacturing facilities in six locations in India and sales operations across the world, commanding 30 per cent of the global market share of oleoresins. To fine-tune its search for new markets and impart greater focus on growth areas beyond spices and oleoresins, Synthite is restructuring its operations and introducing more professionals in key positions.The family-run corporate has decided to dissociate its board of directors from day-to-day activities and start focusing more on the strategic direction of the company. Led by C V Jacob, chairman and managing director, the company's board will now focus its energies on strategic areas which can provide high long-term growth and nurture new businesses. Synthite is looking to increase its turnover four times to Rs 3,000 crore by 2020. The capacity at its spice division will be enhanced to make it a Rs 500-crore business by 2020. Praveen Venkataramanan has been appointed chief operating officer to take care of the day-to-day operations of the bio-ingredients division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11470302", "title": "\u2018Change problems to solutions\u2019", "text": "HUBLI: \"Problems are not problems, but opportunities for entrepreneurial ventures,\" said Deshpande Foundation trustee Gururaj Deshpande. He was interacting with MBA students at KLE Society's Institute of Management Studies and Research, Hubli, on Tuesday. Deshpande said basic requirement for an entrepreneur is the ability to see the problem and find possible solutions.He said, \"You get confidence by doing things, for which everyday opportunities will be there. Every problem is an opportunity for an entrepreneur.\" He advised them that while doing their MBA course don't just restrict to books, look for reality. \"Look for opportunities that make a big difference. Even while selecting a job, just do not go behind the monetary package, but look for entrepreneurial opportunities at the job which will give a bigger boost to your career formation,\" Deshpande said.He advocated interaction-based learning where question-answer session should take over from pure lecturing since it creates an atmosphere for best learning, quoting practices being followed at Harvard Business School .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11470093", "title": "1-day interview by MNS chief", "text": "NASHIK: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray , who arrived here on Thursday, will wind up the interviews of ticket aspirants for NMC polls on Friday. Earlier, he was scheduled to hold interviews for two days.\"Interviews will be conducted in two sessions in a single day on Friday, Nashik Central MLA and party leader Vasant Gite said. Around 647 party workers, including around 350 women, had given written exams last month in Nashik. In 2007 elections, MNS had contested 95 of the total 108 seats that time and had won 12 seats. The party was on second position in 24 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "alappuza", "code": "11468580", "title": "Chandara Babu re-elected CPM dist sec", "text": "ALAPPUZA: The three-day district conference of the CPM, which concluded in Alappuzha on Thursday, re-elected C B Chandra Babu as the district secretary.While four new members were inducted into the 43-member district committee, three senior leaders who are the members of the state committee were also removed from the committee.Koshy Alex from the party's Bharanikkavu area committee, Jalaja Chandran of Mararikkulam area committee, former DYFI district secretary A Mahindran and SFI state committee vice-president Manu C Pulickkan are the new faces. The three senior leaders who were removed from the district committee are G Sudhakaran MLA, C K Sadasivan MLA and former MP C S Sujatha. The district conference also selected 41 party leaders for attending the state conference of the party.Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan inaugurated the concluding ceremony of the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11470498", "title": "400 domestic help in city flee police check", "text": "MUMBAI: Seventy-three domestic help have fled the Bandra-Oshiwara belt after their employers told them to register with the police. Officers said the fact showed that security risk from domestic help to residents is for real. They said the actual number of such \"missing servants\" is more then 400, but only a few residents bothered to inform the police.Last year, the police had initiated a special drive, Society Cop, to collect details of domestic help, drivers and security guards working in residential buildings after they found that domestic help were involved in a number of serious offences. Constables were assigned to visit the buildings to gather the details, which included addresses of the workers' relatives in Mumbai, the names of the people who referred them to their employers, and their photographs and fingerprints. Between Bandra and Oshiwara, the police registered 16,000 workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468353", "title": "MBMC mayor seeks stay on Mhada lottery", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) mayor, Tulsidas Mhatre, has sought a stay on Mhada's plans to allot affordable homes for the lower and middle class through lottery in Mira Road. MHADA plans to construct 2,100 affordable homes for the Economically Weaker Sections (EWS) and the Lower Income Groups (LIG) in Shrusti Complex, Mira Road. The lottery system is likely to commence in March-April this year.He asked the state to stay the lottery citing inadequate infrastructure and water supply for the existing population. He said the region has been facing water scarcity and the problems will multiply if basic facilities are not improved first. tnnMhatre said that Ravi Group which is constructing the MHADA flats has not provided any facilities to flat buyers. \"If people buy the MHADA flats, it will be unfair to them without adequate water and other facilities,\" said Mhatre.MHADA's rental housing scheme in Mira-Bhayander has also been criticized by Mhatre and corporators of the MBMC. Corporators argued that while homes were being constructed for the poor and middle class there is no plan in place to improve infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11468578", "title": "Demolition drive in Sec 17A", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) carried out a demolition drive in Sector 17A on Thursday. The HUDA team started the drive with demolishing encroachments outside several houses in the housing board colony. Administrator Praveen Kumar was present during the drive.\"While many houses had developed green patches beyond their boundaries, a few had constructed store rooms and guard rooms on HUDA land. Earlier this week, the civic agency had informed the house owners about the drive and asked them to vacate the government land immediately,\" said a senior HUDA official.After clearing encroachments in residential areas, the cranes and JCB machines were taken to commercial areas and several shops were demolished by the evening. The RWA of Sector 17A welcomed HUDA's decision to remove the encroachments. \"Many residents had occupied a portion of the land illegally and built concrete walls. This was eating into common space. Despite our requests, they hadn't removed these structures. We welcome HUDA's move,\" said Col (rtd) Prasad Singh, president of the RWA. The HUDA team also warned the houseowners that if encroachments reappeared, they would be penalized. In the evening, the administrator inspected the area and also checked the concrete mix being used for repair of the road near Sheetla Mata Mandir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11469356", "title": "Court issues notice to NRHM director", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Thursday issued notice to mission director of in UP in connection with lack of medicines at community health centres in the state.The court also asked him to file his response within four week. The matter will come up for hearing thereafter.The order came from a division bench of Justice Abdul Mateen and Justice Sunil Hali on a PIL filed by Santosh Kumar.The petitioner demanded that the Centre and the state should be directed to resolve their disputes and the Centre may release requisite fund to the state under NRHM scheme. It was said that due to lack of funds, the state is not able to provide at the health centres and due to this innocent patients are suffering enormously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11469236", "title": "Youth urged to emulate Vivekananda", "text": "PANAJI: Around 200 students from colleges across the state gathered at the Goa state museum on Thursday for a youth convention organized to mark the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Swami Vivekananda.\"There is a strong need to preserve virtues and values, more than preserving old items in the museum,\" Radha Bhave, director, Goa State Museum, told the youth who attended the convention.The convention kicks off a series of seminars and other personality development programmes to be held for Goan youth over the next two years 'to imbibe in them the teachings of Swami Vivekananda.'The programmes are being organized by the 'Swami Vivekananda 150th Birth Anniversary Celebration Committee' under the aegis of Ramakrishna-Vivekananda Seva Samiti, Margao, which is a part of the Worldwide Ramakrishna Math and Mission organization.The programmes planned by the celebration committee have been scheduled between January 12, 2012, and January 12, 2014.They aim to inspire and motivate the youth to follow the example of Swami Vivekananda.The programmes scheduled include youth camps, workshops and seminars that focus on value education, personality development and selfless service.The chairman of the celebration committee Surendra Prabhu said that the committee has been established to spread nationalism among the youth of today.Academician Dilip Betkekar enlightened the youth on Swami Vivekananda's way of life by narrating short and inspiring incidents from his life. \"Vivekananda believed that one needed to face his fears boldly and that the more one tried to escape from his worries, the more they chased him...Vivekananda was responsible in arousing a whole national freedom movement. He believed that each one of us should let India be our only goddess.\" Betkekar urged the youth to make Vivekananda their role model.A documentary on 'Composite solution for comprehensive human development' was also screened.Goa University vice chancellor Dilip Deobagkar, who was the chief guest at the programme, said, \"The youth are the future of the nation and should not discriminate between religions. Religion is an integral part of our society and was made to protect nature. Each one of us is different and it is important that we understand our potential and work towards making a difference.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11474691", "title": "Muslim League oppose Krishna\u2019s statements on Israel", "text": "LUCKNOW: Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) has taken a strong exception to the statement of union foreign affairs minister SM Krishna during his recent visit to Israel in which he described Israel and India as natural allies.In a press statement, IUML chief Prof Basir Ahmed Khan said that Krishna described Israel and India as natural allies and said that both the countries were facing international terrorism. This, he said, is travesty of justice because what Israel was facing is an struggle of Palestinians to free their own country from the illegal occupation of Israel. Such a situation cannot be equated with terrorism, he added.Khan has also expressed his displeasure at the timing of the Israel visit by foreign minister because today mosques are being burnt and Israeli forces are torturing the Palestinian youth. He also expressed concern over the foreign policy of UPA government, which he said was indifferent to the religious sensitivities of Indian Muslims. He also said that inviting Salman Rushdie to a function at Jaipur and playing host to Taslima Nasreen have also hurt the Muslims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11467346", "title": "Sudanese held for forgery, overstaying, possessing drugs", "text": "PUNE: The anti-narcotics cell of the crime branch arrested a Sudan national and seized cocaine, ganja and a car totally worth Rs 2.99 lakh and a fake residential permit at Darodemala in Koregaon in the wee hours of Thursday. The court has sent Khalid Mahafoz Abdulwahab (25) to police custody remand till January 15.Inspector Satish Deore, in charge of the anti-narcotics cell, had received liable a tip that a Sudanese national will be coming with narcotics between 3.30 and 4 am. A police team laid a trap and took Khalid into custody when he arrived in a black car. The police found nine grams of cocaine and 110 gm ganja in the car. Later, the police seized his passport and a fake residential permit from his residence at Bavdhan.Khalid was arrested for possession of drugs, cheating, forgery and for overstaying in India under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, Indian Penal Code and the Foreigners Act.According to Deore, \"Khalid had visited India on various occasions since 2005. He took admission in a private institute for bachelor in computer application course. He came to India on a student visa in 2010 for clearing the backlog in four subjects. His visa expired in June 2011 but he forged a residential permit for continuing his stay here.\"Khalid had used the residential permit number of Tanzanian national Yuven Fahad Mohammad and had submitted its xerox copy at the foreigners' registration office, Deore said.\"Khalid stays at the residences of his friends in Pune. The car belongs to one of his friends. He has given misleading replies when asked from where he had procured the drugs,\" Deore said.Sub-inspector Bajirao Patil produced Khalid before the court of judicial magistrate first class Rohidas Wankhade for seeking police custody remand of 14 days.Assistant public prosecutor Shilpa Mahatekar argued that his custodial interrogation was essential to identify his associates and the source of narcotics and whether he has any link with drug peddling gangs at international level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468301", "title": "Sankranti: Tollywood cautious ahead of festival", "text": "HYDERABAD: The taxman has scared Tollywood. In the next three days, movies made with a combined estimated budget of Rs 90 crore will hit theatres all over the state but strangely, producers are not even talking about the budget. In fact, they are maintaining a stoic silence about it.The tendency of producers so far has been to create a hype around a film's release by talking about its huge budget. But this time around, Tollywood's businessmen have become more shrewd. The mantra, it appears, is indulge in less hype but make more money. All this to prevent the taxman come knocking at their doors. \"It has indeed been a bad experience for some in the industry because of the income tax department's searches. Naturally, every one is being cautious and not talking much about budgets,\" a senior producer and office-bearer of the Telugu Film Producers Council (TFPC) said.Last year, when the budgets of films were hyped and also their collections, the income tax department made a beeline to the homes of actors, producers and distribution houses. Searches were also conducted at the house of `Prince' Mahesh after the makers of `Dookudu' left no stone unturned to hype the film and publicise its huge collections. On Friday, another Mahesh-starrer `Businessman' will hit the theatres followed by Venkatesh's `Body guard' on Saturday and Tarakaratna-starrer `Nandeeshwarudu' on Sunday. For this Sankranti season, movie goers will have a choice.According to Telugu film industry sources, an attempt is being made to crown `Prince' Mahesh as the king of Tollywood by releasing the film in maximum number of theatres. The 'record initial collections' will be used to crown him. Though Mahesh does have a huge fan following and his last film `Dookudu' was a huge hit, his previous film 'Khaleja' was a big let down.Since Chiranjeevi left the Tollywood scene in 2008 to launch his political party, the No 1 slot in Tollywood has remained vacant as no hero has been able to deliver consistent hits. Much as 'Magadheera' of Ram Charan was touted as the biggest hit of Tollywood, his previous film `Orange' was a disaster. It has not been all that good for Jr NTR, Pavan Kalyan, and the rest of the heroes. But one thing has become clear: though the seniors are trying to continue to hold forte against the tide of the younger lot, they are trying to move on with their age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11470317", "title": "This BSc student begs beggars to join schools", "text": "HUBLI: Many will say Nagamani G, a BSc final year student, is different from other students. Well, this young girl has set an example for other students by reforming children who beg on the streets.Nagamani is a student of Kittle Science College, Dharwad, and lives in Shukla Chawl. Her dedication and commitment to help beggar-children has yielded results with some even going to school. Whenever Nagamani headed home, she would come across these young children begging. She decided to make a change. She started talking to these children and convinced their parents to send them to school. Most of them were school dropouts and lived in Haveripeth of Dharwad.Last year, Nagamani decided to take the next step. She set up a small hut and started teaching Kannada and English to these children. After her college classes, she would dedicate 3 hours to teach these children. Today, she teaches 20 children from Class I to VII. Inspired by Nagamani's work, many parents started sending their children back to school. Seeing her work, Lead Programme, Deshpande Foundation, extended support to Nagamani. Speaking to TOI, Nagamani said, \"I used to come across these kids near my college and decided to help them. I started teaching them Kannada and English so that they can join better schools later.\"\"I teach them the basics in Kannada and English, alphabets, numbers and even a few lessons daily. Paying heed to my advice, many parents have also re-admitted their children to school. Now, at least 15 dropouts have started going to school while more than 6 have got admission for Class I,\" she added. A parent said, \"We sent our children back to school realizing that education is a must for one to live in the society. Our children learnt English and Kannada after Nagamani voluntarily started teaching them.\" Aruna Kulkarni, project manager, Lead, Deshpande Foundation, said, \"In order to help Nagamani's innovative idea, we helped her distribute slates, pencil and other materials to the children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "beas", "code": "11468283", "title": "Idiots poll ride on a donkey", "text": "BEAS: It was politics with a dash of \"donkeying\" around that added the colour of humour to the electoral process here. The members of Idiot Club took their nominee, Baljit Singh Bobby, to file his nomination while riding a donkey, which had a red beacon on its head.The animal maybe a perfectly serious symbol of the ruling Democratic Party of United States, but the club intended to use it for just satirical purposes. Bobby, wearing a pink scarf and a garland, was trying hard to maintain his balance on the donkey's back. His ride was also adorned similarly with a garland and a phulkari wrap.Bobby's supporters raised slogans like \"Meri Jaydad Record Tor, Panj Sal Vich Vadhugi Ghato Ghat 500 Crore (my assets will be record breaking, their worth would reach Rs 500 crore in five years)\"; \"Rajnati Vich Aisae Rang Bharunga, Agli Var Gharwali Layee Seat Di Mang Karunga (I will colour politics in such hues that I would ask for a seat for my wife next time)\"; \"Kuch Din Hath Paer Mein Jorunga, Panj Saal Tuhadae Gitae, Godae Torunga (I will fold my hands and bow for some days, then I will break your knees and ankles for the next five years).\"\"We have made ourselves a laughing stock not to attract media attention but to create awareness among people for choosing the right candidate for next five years,\" said Bobby while talking to TOI.About the red beacon on donkey's head, president of Idiot Club, Rajinder Rikhi, said, \"This is symbolic representation of how leaders flaunt their status once they grab power.\"Members of Idiot Club took out their procession towards tehsil complex and were joined by many locals who were amused to see them poking fun at politicians. Meanwhile, in Amritsar, former Congress leader Sukhjinderraj Singh Lalli, who was denied ticket from Majitha assembly constituency, filed his nomination as an independent.While Bharatiya Janata Party MP Navjot Singh Sidhu's wife Dr Navjot Kaur had gone on a cycle to file her nomination, Lalli chose an autorickshaw. \"It is a common man's vehicle, so I have chosen it,\" Lalli said. He added he was contesting as an independent just to ensure defeat of Shiromani Akali Dal candidate and would join Congress afterwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468235", "title": "Elderly murder: Cops don't rule out robbery", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police probing the murder of Sarojini Bartwal have not ruled out robbery as the motive on the grounds that the deceased's jewellery has been missing from her residence. Sarojini was found murdered on Tuesday morning at her Mayur Vihar residence.The police said, the deceased's son, Hemendra Bartwal, has told them a few costly bangles, two gold rings and a gold chain are missing from the house. Sarojini led a simple life and did not have too many costly items with her, they said. However, police sources said, the murder may have been committed to protect the identity of the intruder.\"Those who knew her well and were in need of money - a possible motive for the crime - are now being probed,'' said an investigating officer. The sources said the police were expecting some progress by Friday with the victim's son joining the probe along with his wife.DCP (east) Prabhakar refuted claims that the two maids have been ruled out as suspects by the police and that only robbery was the motive. \"We are looking at each suspect, checking their presence in Mayur Vihar and analyzing their call details. Both maids will be questioned,'' said a senior police officer.The victim was last seen alive by a beat constable around 10:45am while the maid, Saroj, who discovered the murder, claimed to have left at 11:30am. The sources said the police found halwa in the fridge. \"We are probing why no maid reported for work in the evening. Given that the door was ajar, we will ask the security guards whether they had noticed anything amiss. The fact that lights were found switched on till the evening may also indicate that the murderer had stayed back for the night at Sarojini's residence,'' the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11469053", "title": "Sonography centre sealed", "text": "AKOLA: Sonography section of the Amrut Hospital run by Dr Seema Tayde was sealed on Tuesday by PCPNDT flying squad as information about sonography tests of patients was found incomplete.Dr Seema and her husband Dr Purushottam Tayde contended that injustice had been done against the sonography centre as there was no evidence to prove the misuse of sonography machine.Man killed in mishapA middle-aged person was killed on the spot near Baba Namdeo Dhaba near Kharap Kharbadi village on Tuesday when he was run over by an unknown vehicle. Though the identity of the deceased could not be ascertained, Shivdas was tattooed on his hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468729", "title": "Howrah trains back to original timings", "text": "MUMBAI: Howrah-bound trains from Mumbai, which after May 2010, were rescheduled to avoid night-time journey though Maoist strongholds, will now go back to their original timings.The Central Railway said from January 13, 12809 Mumbai-Howrah Mail via Nagpur and 12010 LTT-Howrah-Jnaneshwari Express will depart at 8.35pm. From January 15, 12129 Pune-Howrah Azad Hind Express will leave Mumbai at 6.25pm, its original schedule.The re-scheduling of the trains was done following the advisory issued by the ministry of home affairs. In fact, the railways resorted to indefinite rescheduling of trains from Howrah after Maoists blew up Jnaneswari Express on May 28 in West Bengal, killing more than 150 passengers. Train services on Kharagpur-Rourkela-Adra are still suspended from 10pm to 5am.The other rescheduled train from Mumbai, LTT-Howrah Samarasata Express, went back to its original timing on December 21, last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11467291", "title": "Train mishap being probed", "text": "PATNA: The Railway Board has decided to review safety measures in the wake of Brahmaputra Mail-goods train collision near Sahebganj under Malda division of the Eastern Railway on Wednesday morning in which five passengers were killed. The Board is likely to issue fresh directives to each railway zone to improve safety measures on priority basis.According to a Board official, though the Commissioner of Railway Safety (CRS) has already started probe into the incident, the railways would announce a slew of safety measures which are likely to check human error and bring down accident ratio across the country, he said. According to sources, about 80 to 86 per cent of the rail mishaps had occurred in the past due to human error causing loss to railway property and lives of passengers, sources said.The Board would like to enforce in all the zones its comprehensive safety plans. It has of late directed each zone to beef up safety drive, including inspections, besides safety counselling of railway personnel, including loco pilots, guards, cabin men and station masters, to improve safety measures during winter. The railways has decided to recruit more people to look after safety work in each zone, the official said.Out of 17,000 unmanned railway crossings across the country, safety measures are being improved at about 5,000 railway crossings in the first phase of the plan. Besides, the Board has decided to improve the existing signalling system and communication network. The railways would also carry out track renewal work on priority basis so that tracks are fit to cope with increasing speed of passenger and goods trains. Keeping in mind the fact that the railways has been introducing fast trains on various routes, the track condition should be proper to avert any mishap in future, sources said.Meanwhile, a senior official of the Board said, \"It is a matter of thorough probe whether the accident site near Sahebganj is located at a gradient point otherwise stationary goods train would not have rolled back at the intersection point to collide with incoming Brahmaputra Mail. If it is at the gradient point, safety measures should have been taken to check possibility of it rolling back either due to vibration or other reasons.\" He said that safety rules violation as well as negligence on the part of staff onduty could not be ruled out prima facie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11470361", "title": "On a drum roll", "text": "From accounts to administration and then event management , S Muralikrishnan tried his hand at several jobs till 1999, when he decided to finally give it all up and do what he loves - drumming.\"From then, drumming became full-time and other 'jobs' such as HR consulting became hobbies,\" says Murali. \"That was when I became truly happy.\"His love for rhythm has become a passion for collecting drums of every kind, from every place. \"I don't care about the price. I'm always looking for drums,\" says Murali, who has over 100 percussion instruments.He got started on drumming when he learnt to play the mridangam as a young child. In school, he picked up western drums. One thing led to another and today, Murali can drum up a storm on any surface - dhol, buk, rek or even a string of coconut shells. \"Every drum represents the culture it comes from. Take for instance, the ghatam. Even if your eyes are shut, when you hear the ghatam playing, you immediately get a feel of south India,\" says the 33-year-old.Everywhere he goes, Murali picks up a drum native to the place. \"I'm always on the look-out for anything that makes a sound because I know I can make music with it,\" says Murali, as he opens up numerous cases with drums of every size, shape and material.There's the buk, the Korean drum, which is among the latest to arrive at his studio, along with the thimila from Kerala. There's the Egyptian darabukka, the Middle Eastern rek, each with its own story of how it came to Murali. There are drums lined up against the wall, stacked in wall-to-wall cupboards, piled on the floor. Even the keychains and wall hangings are shaped like a drum of some kind. He has insured his studio and all the drums in it.\"I don't buy all the instruments,\" he says. \"People know I love drums so they tell me if there is one on sale, or they pick up an instrument for me, the drums keep coming,\" says Murali, as he raps away at the udu tambutta, an African drum made of clay, which his wife gave him for his birthday.Every day seems to bring a whole new beat. Murali is now waiting for his daiko, a massive Japanese drum, to arrive. \"I don't even know where I am going to store it, but I can't wait to lay my hands on it.\"(This is a weekly series that features the people who collect odds and ends, from stamps and coins to racing cars and rocks)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11468963", "title": "John to take on Valanka in Benaulim, flays Churchill", "text": "MARGAO: John Fernandes, who contested the last assembly elections on the Churchill Alemao-led Save Goa Front (SGF), has decided to throw his hat in the ring again.Fernandes, who lost to Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco by 300-odd votes in the 2007 elections, is however, yet to make up his mind on which party he would contest on.Fernandes, who was charge-sheeted for raping a 25-year-old Russian tourist in 2009, was acquitted by the district and sessions court, Margao, in October 2011.Fernandes, while speaking to mediapersons on Thursday, accused PWD minister Churchill Alemao of threatening to challenge the trial court's order acquitting him of the charges, in the high court, if he contests the polls in Benaulim.Alemao's daughter Valanka, has already announced her candidature from Benaulim and launched her election campaign. \"It is because of this threat issued by him that I have decided to contest the elections. Because, if they can threaten me, they can do anything to anybody. People should not support people who threaten others. The court has ruled that I am innocent,\" Fernandes said.Fernandes' mother Alice, who was also present, expressed her angst over her son being threatened not to contest the polls. \"Churchill came to us and asked us to support his daughter. For over one year, my son was behind bars, but nobody supported us that time, even Churchill turned down our pleas for help. John has our support to contest the elections. People should know that all that glitters is not always gold,\" Alice said.Alemao has refuted all the allegations. \"I am not a judge to hold John guilty of any crime. I never went to John's place. In fact, John came to meet me at one place and disclosed his intention of contesting the elections. I welcomed his idea, and that was the end of it,\" Alemao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11469548", "title": "Improve quality of mid-day meal: Basic education dept to NGOs", "text": "KANPUR: The students of primary and secondary government schools may get better mid-day meal after the winter vacations. The district administration had ordered to improvise the quality of food. The basic education department has instructed to improve the quality of mid-day meals provided to children in government schools.In response to complaints made by students and teachers of primary and secondary schools, the basic shiksha adhikari (BSA) asked the NGOs supplying food to improve the quality. According to the memorandum issued by BSA, every NGO must ensure good quality of food with proper implementation of the diet chart.As per reports, the quality of food provided to students under the midday meal (MDM) scheme was poor in most schools. There were instances of students falling ill after having meals. Even the supply mechanism of food from kitchens to schools was poor. All this was taken into account by the BSA. The district magistrate inspected various district schools and checked the quality of mid-day meal.The official asked the authorities of basic education department to improve the quality of food. \"We will ensure that the quality food should remain better. Inspections would be conducted in kitchens of NGOs to ensure hygiene. The NGOs not working properly will be removed,\" BSA Rakesh Pandey said.According to NGOs, khichdi and dalia will be replaced by rice and dal in some week days in the new menu. Also, the supply of chapati would be made once a week. \"We will ensure better quality and tastier food. The chapatis would be given to the students every Thursday from the new session,\" said Vipin, member of an NGO. Members of other NGOs said that tastier and better food would be given to the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11470362", "title": "City sees sharp increase in donation of body for science", "text": "MYSORE: When medical institutions across the country are facing shortage of cadavers for science, there has been a sharp rise in body donation in Mysore.Both Mysore Medical College and Research Institute (MMCRI) and JSS Medical College (JSSMC) received record number of applications from donors. Increased awareness among masses about body donation has resulted in the rise. As many as 510 people have enrolled their names to donate their bodies to MMCRI (104 individuals) and JSSMC (406 persons) in 2011.Cadavers are essential for students pursing medical, nursing, speech and hearing, physiotherapy, ayurveda , homeopathy and also for research. The year 2011 has seen a sharp rise in body donation compared to figures of previous years.JSS Medical College Anatomy department head Dr N M Shama Sundar told TOI that two decades ago, medical institutions were depending on the destitute for cadavers. But of late, people are coming forward to donate their bodies and this is good sign. Body donation is useful for medical research as it will help student/medical practitioners/researchers to find new ways of surgery, explained Sundar.Meanwhile, MMCRI anatomy department head Dr Dakshayani said, earlier only aged people were enrolling for body donation but of late, people of all age groups are voluntarily coming forward to help students and facilitate research.Every year, MMCRI requires over a dozen corpses to teach UG and PG students. Presently, about 15 students are learning with one cadaver. The institution needs more bodies so that students get practical exposure. The structure of a body differs from person to person and thus will help students in their research work, explained Dakshayani.Former mayor Vasu, who recently donated his body to science, said during his recent visit to Dubai he learnt that there was only one corpse at a medical university in UAE and that too, it was imported from Germany. \"After this, I learnt how important a cadaver is for science and decided to donate my body to JSS Medical College,\" Vasu explained, adding that even pollution can be controlled if bodies are donated for study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi ", "code": "11469808", "title": "India keeps close watch on Pakistan as crisis unfolds", "text": "NEW DELHI : As Pakistan's political crisis slipped into a theatre of the absurd, with Pakistani president Asif Zardari dashing off to Dubai reportedly for a medical check-up amid the worst civilian-military face-off in recent times, Indian leaders said they felt more comfortable with a civilian government in Islamabad.Home minister P Chidambaram told reporters on Thursday, India was \"closely watching developments inside Pakistan\" .On condition of anonymity , political leaders said India would be uncomfortable with a military coup in Pakistan because the leadership felt more comfortable with a civilian system.Did the night bring counsel in Pakistan? The government and military appeared to step back from a confrontation on Thursday, with PM Gilani , stating that the infamous army statement of Wednesday was made with his consent . While this may have been aimed at defusing tensions , the political buzz about the failing government refused to die down.\"The continuing tensions that are undermining the various institutions in Pakistan is likely to continue for some time to come,\" said Rana Banerji , a Pakistan watcher and formerly with the R&AW; .The PPP government is likely to be chastised badly by the SC on Monday, for allegedly delaying implementation of the NRO, which in layman's terms, was essentially a \"stayout-of-jail\" card and signed between Pervez Musharraf and Benazir Bhutto.This allowed the Bhutto couple to return to Pakistan without facing legal action. By reviving this old chestnut, whose one signatory is dead and the other out of the country , the supreme court seems to be once again playing to the military's tune after professing independence.Banerji says the PPP government has decided to put up a fight. But they would prefer to go down fighting against the military, not the judiciary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11469455", "title": "CAT toppers more keen on 'finance'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The results of Common Admission Test (CAT) 2011 are out, and the toppers are flaunting a big smile. Holding the top position in the city is Kumar Dipanshu with 99.8 percentile. An engineering graduate, Dipanshu is employed with an IT company in Lucknow for the last one-and-a-half years.He said, \"I always wanted to get into the management cadre. Only engineering does not take you up.'' After securing a satisfactory score in his third attempt, he now wants to take up finance as MBA specialisation. It's because I want to make use of my mathematical and analytical skills. Finance is also one sector that interests me more than marketing or human resource,'' reasoned Dipanshu.He is not alone who is interested in finance. Another CAT topper Sahil Govil, a final year engineering student, has secured 99.67 percentile. He got this score in his very first attempt. Singling out finance over other subjects, Sahil said, \"It fetches better paying jobs when compared to other specialisations.''For Apoorv Garg, CAT results were a real shock. In fact, it was worst for him in all his three attempts. Apoorv secured 99.58 percentile in his first attempt, and 99.91 percentile in the second one. In his third attempt, which was CAT 2011, he secured 99.53 percentile.Last year, he could not make it to IIM-Kolkata. \"I decided to take the examination again. Unfortunately, I scored lowest this time,'' said a worried Apoorv, though he showed confidence to convert his call this time in his dream institution. Working with an IT company, Apoorv is also inclined towards finance. \"I think I am better at calculations and logic rather than running around in order to get high incentives,'' he said.Amid the male-dominated engineers' fraternity, there is Anushree Jain who has scored 98.73 percentile. Incidentally, she is also an engineering student who worked with an MNC for sometime. And yes, she also wants to study finance. She said, \"I can use my potential in the finance sector better than in any other field. I am good at quantitative work and so I look forward to finance. Better pay packages are obviously another reason.''For management aspirants, it seems finance sector is making a comeback. However, the choice of finance stream has surprised the experts. Nishant Priyadarshini, director of an MBA coaching institute, said, \"CAT toppers have well assessed the long-term scenario. Finance is more thinking-based and numerical. It is brain at work rather than the body (in case of marketing). But it's surprising that though finance is undergoing bad phase all around the world, the students are looking up to jobs in this field. I think that by the time these candidates get placed, finance will make a comeback.'' Candidates from engineering background taking up MBA is though not surprising. Nearly 75% of those studying at IIMs are engineers,'' said he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11475116", "title": "Revenue employee arrested for taking bribe", "text": "PATNA: Vigilance sleuths today arrested a revenue department employee from Bihar's Gaya district for taking a bribe of Rs 2500 for updation of land records.Acting on the complaint of Radheshyam Sav, the sleuths led by the Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) Nandji Singh laid a trap and nabbed Kapil Ram as soon he received the graft at his office at Tankuppa circle, an official release said.Sav, a native of Tankuppa village under Wajirganj police station area, had lodged a complaint with the vigilance department stating that Ram was demanding graft for updation of land records of his family following division of their paternal properties through mutual consent among the family members, it said.The complaint against the revenue official was found to be true during preliminary investigation and a trap was laid against the latter, the release said.The accused revenue employee was being brought to the state capital for interrogation before production before a special vigilance court for judicial remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11470008", "title": "Jewellery, cash worth 9.5L stolen", "text": "NASHIK: A teacher couple's house was burgled on Wednesday in the Canada Corner area of the city, with jewellery and cash worth Rs 9.50 lakh being stolen.The complainant, Sahebrao Pawar, teaches at Panchavati College, while his wife teaches at Bhonsala Military College. They have a daughter who is in school.Every day, the couple leaves for their job together while their daughter goes to school after locking the flat, which is in Vishakha Apartments, close to Vasant Market, Canada Corner.Police officials said that the couple used to leave a copy of the key to the flat, which had been taken on rent three months ago, with the building watchman. They also pointed out that the key to the locker in the cupboard used to be kept in the cupboard itself after locking it from outside. As per the complaint registered by the couple at the Sarkarwada police station, the burglary took place between 12.30pm and 2.30pm on Wednesday. According to Pawar, the unidentified burglars broke open the main entrance of the flat and stole jewellery worth Rs 9.04 lakh and Rs 40,000 in cash.The Sarkarwada Police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11468773", "title": "Candidates rush to meet nomination deadline", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Aspiring candidates rushed to file their nominations on the last day on Thursday to remain in the fray for the ensuing panchayat elections in Odisha.In a bid to show up their strength, party candidates went in long processions of cars and two-wheelers to submit their papers. This apparently sparked tension at some places such as Balangir and Keonjhar, inviting complaints from rival candidates. At several places, candidates opened free kitchens ostensibly to lure the voters.Reports reaching here said Maoist posters urging people to boycott the polls were found in some southern districts. However, officials in the state capital attached little importance to such threats. Chief secretary B K Patnaik said instructions were issued to all district collectors to ensure proper security during the elections. \"There is no need for requisitioning additional central forces. Those who are deployed in the state would be utilized wherever needed,\" the chief secretary said.State election commissioner Ajit Tripathy said the total number of candidates for different posts would be known by Friday. \"We have not yet got complete information from some of the interior areas. The total picture would be known after scrutiny on Friday,\" he added.Though all parties have fielded their candidates for different posts, the excitement was more noticeable in the ruling BJD camp, where aspirants almost made beeline to get tickets, each lobbying in their own way to impress the leaders.While demand for Congress tickets was less compared to the BJD, the worst hit was the BJP amongst the major parties, which virtually had to search for people to contest elections. \"There is nothing to feel astonished about it. The BJD is spending lakhs on every zilla parishad, sarapanch, samiti member candidate. Naturally, our camp looks deserted because we ask our candidates to appeal to voters to exercise their conscience while casting votes,\" said party vice-president Ashok Sahoo.\"Election has become highly expensive. For the BJD and the Congress, elections are a sort of investment. We have no means to spend so much of money,\" said CPI leader Dibakar Biswal. \"The CPI has fielded less than 50 zilla parishad candidates,\" he pointed added.Biswal denied that his party had entered into any tie-up with the BJD. \"The local units have been empowered to enter into alliance with like-minded parties, if they so feel,\" he said. The CPM, which has fielded around 80 zilla parishad candidates, has chosen to fight the elections alone. \"We will contest the elections on our own. We hope people will stand by us,\" party leader Janardan Pati said. There are 854 zilla parishad seats in the state. The Congress has fielded candidates in all seats, while BJD's alliance partner NCP has given tickets to around 80 aspirants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469050", "title": "Ajni station to get a facelift", "text": "NAGPUR: While its last month's announcement of beautification of the east side of Nagpur station is yet to take off, the Nagpur Central Railway has come up with another plan to give a facelift to Ajni station.\"We will give a contemporary look to Ajni by providing aluminium composite panel - developing a canopy with a provision of translucent dome of 12-metre diameter for 'drop and go' facility. The existing facility is not being used to its full potential and there is chaos during peak hours,\" said Brijesh Dixit, divisional railway manager (DRM).The front view of the Ajni station is displeasing. Passenger traffic &is; slowly increasing here and hence demand to revamp the station was long-pending.Addressing the press on Thursday, Dixit further said circulating area will be improved to ease out congestion in front of the station building. The basic idea is to segregate pedestrian and vehicular traffic and reorientation of booking windows. The existing lighting arrangements will be improved with user-friendly signages.\"I cannot exactly say whether we are moving towards developing Ajni into a terminus, but the ongoing work will be part of the master plan developed a few years ago,\" Dixit stated.The best part of expansion is that Ajni will now have a common loop-line, which will help handle independent trains. At present, there are only two platforms from where trains move. \"Loop-line will help movement of train without disturbing ongoing train movement,\" Dixit stated.Talking about the existing work, Dixit said the work on coaching complex is nearing completion soon. However, the ground reality was different when TOI visited the complex.Dixit said the proposal for two escalators, which has been on hold for past three years, will be a reality soon. One escalator will be based at the Santra Market side while another on the west side, he added.Dixit refused to get into the details of various proposals sent to the Railway Board through headquarters, but he dropped enough hints that the Rs300 crore third line proposal between Nagpur and Wardha is expected to get a green signal.The DRM stated that work of development of Maharaja retiring rooms and provision of Maharaja reception counter is in completion stage. Besides, renovation of base kitchens at Nagpur and Ballarshah has been initiated. \"Work at Ballarshah is in final stages,\" he added.What Is Expected?* Beautification of Ajni station building by providing aluminium composite panel and provision of canopy in front of station building with a dome.* Improvement in circulating area to ease congestion in front of station building to segregate pedestrian and vehicular traffic.* Re-orientation of booking windows to decongest main concourse and improvement in lighting arrangements with user-friendly signages.* Ajni to have a common loop-line to streamline train movement.* Repairs to roads and dividers in front of concourse on western side of station building in progress.* Escalators along with improvement of the station building on Santra Market side.* Renovation and modernization of base kitchens at Nagpur and Ballarshah initiated.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473211", "title": "Madonna doesn't want to live alone", "text": "Madonna \"needs\" to have a partner in her life.The 53-year-old singer - who is currently dating 24-year-old dancer Brahim Zaibat - explained while her children Lourdes, 15, Rocco, 11, David Banda and Mercy James, both 5, fulfill her in many ways, she constantly feels the need to have a boyfriend as she doesn't want to live alone.She said: \"I don't want to live my life on my own. I love being a mother. My children fill me up in many ways, and inspire me in many ways, but I need a partner in my life and I think most people feel that way.\"I've never really lived a conventional life, so I think it's quite foolish for me or anyone else to start thinking that I am going to start making conventional choices.\"Despite having also dated 24-year-old Brazilian model Jesus Luz following her divorce from director Guy Ritchie three years ago, Madonna maintains she didn't intend to have relationships with younger men and blames the \"romantic\" in her for her choice in boyfriends.She added in an interview on 'Nightline': \"I didn't choose to, you know, I didn't, like, write down on a piece of paper I'm now going to have a relationship with a younger man.\"That's just what happened. You see, that's the romantic in me. I just met someone that I cared for, and this happened to be his age.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11471858", "title": "Infosys: There is some kind of 'inertia' within govt", "text": "BANGALORE: There seems to be some kind of \"inertia\" within the government in taking political decisions on economic reforms, a top Infosys official said.\"... I think there is a some kind of inertia within the government in taking a political decision ... of pushing through reforms ... that is impacting sentiments towards the country and impacting the inflows,\" company's Chief Financial Officer V Balakrishnan told reporters.Asked which way the rupee, the worst performer among Asian currencies in 2011, would move going forward, he said given India's sustained huge trade deficit over a long period of time, \"rupee has more chance of depreciating than appreciating\".According to him, the rupee would move in a band of 50-55 against the US dollar in the next few months (short-term), \"but if you take a long-term view, it will only depreciate further\".In the short-term, the rupee would appreciate because of various factors, including the government decision to increase the level of investment in the debt market and steps in the derivatives market.However, he said given India's sustained trade deficit over a long period of time, high oil price and the fact that emerging markets are seen as risk in a volatile global economic environment, inflows would come down.\"India is slowing down. We are talking about seven per cent (GDP) growth (for 2011-12) when the potential to grow is 12 to 13 per cent,\" Balakrishnan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11469011", "title": "6 yrs after accident, cops collect Rs 15 crore in fines", "text": "MUMBAI: Driving in Mumbai took a turn for the better after the Alistair Pereira case. It was one of the key factors that prompted the traffic police to launch a sustained campaign against drunk driving in June 2007, seven months after the accident. Five years on, officials have recorded 75,161 cases and netted Rs 15.14 crore in fines. But for the police, the fact that the campaign spread awareness among Mumbaikars on the danger of driving under the influence of alcohol is their biggest achievement.\"Drunk driving contributes to 10-15 % of accidents. Our campaign has definitely brought down the number of accidents in Mumbai. Drivers think twice before taking to the wheel after drinking, for fear of ending up in prison. Party-goers prefer to hire chauffeurs for a day or take a taxi,\" said a top official. The courts, too, started awarding regular prison sentences. Since June 2007, 41,940 offenders were imprisoned and 36,978 motorists had their driving licences suspended.Besides conducting regular nakabandis on highways and seafronts, especially at night, the traffic police's campaign includes SMS alerts, flashing messages on VMS boards installed at junctions, installing hoardings and banners at prominent places and roping in college students in their drive against drunk driving.\"We have asked for additional breathalyzers from the state, and also video cameras to shoot offenders after they are caught drunk behind the wheel. This is because in many cases they argue with our personnel, throw tantrums or drop names of those in power,\" said DCP Nandkumar Chaugule. For now, the police sport lapel cameras, which flash images to the traffic control room.In 2009, the drunk driving campaign got an additional bite with the launch of a text messaging system, which can instantly verify if the motorist is a repeated offender. Under this system, information on all offences is recorded in a central database. The traffic policeman on duty is given a mobile device connected to a server in the control room. All he has to do is SMS the vehicle's licence number and the database reveals the number of times the driver has been booked in the past. Repeat offenders could lose their driving licences permanently.Officials admit that the drunk driving campaign takes a toll on traffic personnel as every offender needs to be hauled to the local police station and may also have to be taken to a public hospital for a blood-alcohol test. An officer, who begins the drive at 10pm, can wrap up only around 4am the next day and has to report to work the same morning at 10.30am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11469232", "title": "C-sec burns: OT tool gets clean chit from GMC panel", "text": "PANAJI: A report submitted by Goa Medical College and Hospital (GMC) to the government on Thursday has ruled out any fault in the surgical instruments with which caesarean sections are being conducted at the hospital.GMC dean, Dr V N Jindal, had constituted a three-member committee after it came to light that a patient admitted to GMC's gynaecology ward sustained \"superficial burns\" during a c-section earlier this week.The committee comprising two doctors and an engineer found no fault with the surgical instrument.Confirming this, Dr Jindal told TOI, \"The report has ruled out any fault with the machine. It states that GMC's electrical engineer checked the machine and certified there is no fault with it.\"The report was submitted to the government after the health department sought to know how a patient sustained burn injuries while undergoing the operation.\"We are also surprised how the woman sustained burn injuries while in the operation theatre. We are still investigating into this,\" said Dr Jindal.The doctors were conducting a caesarean section on the patient when she sustained 17% burns in and around the stomach.The operation was successfully performed and after delivery, while the baby was shifted to the neo-natal intensive care unit (ICU), the woman was shifted to ward 128 (gynaecology) for further treatment.\"We suspect that the superficial burns could have been due to the spirit that was used during surgery. However, this is yet to be confirmed,\" said sources.The report states that the electrical engineer was also asked to check if there was any problem with the earthing and the electrical connections at the operation theatre.\"The GMC electrical engineer ruled out any such fault,\" said sources.Doctors at GMC said the conditions of both, the mother and child are improving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11468565", "title": "City car lift gang busted", "text": "GURGAON: The special cell of Gurgaon police busted a robbers' gang, which used to rob passengers after offering them a lift late at night. They added that teams of investigators had carried out raids in parts of Palwal and Mewat districts on Tuesday and Wednesday to crack down on the gang.Police officers said that during preliminary investigation one of the accused had disclosed that on December 19 night they had offered a lift to a man and robbed him of Rs 3,100, a laptop, wristwatch and mobile phone and had thrown him from the car in a secluded area. Police recovered these items from the accused. Though the victim in this case - Kamal Kapoor, a resident of Subhash Nagar - had not lodged an FIR after the incident, he identified the stolen items when police called him on Thursday.Kapoor, who works with a reputable BPO firm in Udyog Vihar as a graphic designer has now filed an FIR at the Sector 18 police station. He has told police that when he was waiting for transport near Shankar Chowk, a Santro car had approached him. He took a lift in the car which had four passengers including the driver. Instead of heading towards Delhi, the driver took a U-turn near the 32-lane toll plaza and drove towards Rajiv Chowk. The victim then realized that his co-passengers were part of a gang.Now police are interrogating the accused to get details of other cases in which they were involved. In a separate case on Wednesday night, an engineer of a private company near Bilaspur was given a lift by a gang in an identical manner and thrashed and robbed. But the gang that was busted on Thursday did not own up this crime. The victim, Punit Sharma, a Delhi resident, told police that when he was waiting for transport near Dharuhera on NH-8, a car had approached him. The car had four persons. After driving a short distance they beat him up and snatched his ATM card. They stopped the car near Bilaspur and withdrew cash using his ATM card. Then the accused fled from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11470380", "title": "122 persons died on railway tracks in 2011", "text": "MYSORE: K Avinash (20), an engineering student, ended his life on a railway track near a manned level-crossing at Jayanagar in December last year. Meghashree (19), a degree student attached to SDM Women's College also committed suicide on the railway track in August. A teenaged school student, Pavan Kumar (14) attempted suicide on a railway track near Metagalli in November.Gayathri (41) and her paramour Lokesh (36), a constable, too were killed on a railway track near Holenarasipura (Hassan district) in 2011. The list goes on...The number of people including students who are dying while crossing the railway tracks in Mysore railway police jurisdiction which spreads across five districts-Mysore, Mandya, Chamarajanagar, Hassan and Dakshina Kannada-is increasing and of late, railway tracks are turning out to be a hotspot for persons taking the extreme step.On an average, every year, over 115 people die on railway tracks in the jurisdiction and it demands more vigil on railway tracks to prevent such incidents.As many as 122 people including Puttamma (48), who died while trying to board a moving train at Mysore railway station, were killed in 2011. About 115 people died in 2010 and 116 in 2009.Railway police officials say it's difficult to monitor cases of suicides on railway tracks. People having suicidal tendencies select deserted places and also odd hours to end their lives. Besides this, though commuters are aware of the danger involved in crossing tracks at unspecified places, they risk their lives for reasons best known to them, officers say.Railway protection force divisional security commissioner S K Mohan Das told TOI: \"If a person decides to commit suicide, they may select a railway track because it is easily reachable and also free from crowd. It is highly impossible to prevent such people from going to the extreme.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11469204", "title": "Versova woman was in shock before Wed suicide attempt", "text": "MUMBAI: The 24-year-old woman who attempted suicide on Wednesday by jumping off from her parents' fourth-floor flat in Versova, two days after her bank executive boyfriend killed himself in a similar fashion, underwent surgery on Thursday. Doctors said she was critical.Sources said the woman was traumatized by her boyfriend's suicide and her parents had tried their best to calm her. When she became severely depressed and started behaving erratically, her parents and brother started pursuing her to forget about the incident, but in vain. \"She saw her friend throw himself off the building while they were discussing their relationship in a flat. The incident affected her badly,\" said a police officer.On Monday evening, Vishal Gambhir ended his life by jumping from the 18th floor of a high-rise in Goregaon (East). The woman, with whom he was in a serious relationship, was estranged from her husband and was living with her parents in Versova for the last two months. Before their estrangement, the couple stayed in a rented flat in Versova. The husband later shifted to Kandivli, the police said.Gambhir had gone to meet the woman around 3pm. After bringing her to his residence, he consumed liquor in her presence before their discussion, which was lengthy. Gambhir was depressed because the woman was seeking more time for arriving at a decision regarding their relationship. Gambhir wanted marriage.On Wednesday morning, the woman's parents were speaking to her about the pain she was going through because of Gambhir's suicide before she went for a bath. After coming out of the bathroom, she told her family members that she was going inside the bedroom to change. From there, she jumped off the building.\"We have recorded the statements of her relatives,\" said senior inspector Vijay Bhoite of the D N Nagar police station. \"We will record her statement once her condition becomes stable.\"The woman's parents have a property consultancy in Andheri (West). Her estranged husband worked for her father, but later started working at a private company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11460280", "title": "A foodies night at Sevilla", "text": "It was a chilly winter night, but that didn't deter the guests from partying it up at Sevilla, at the Claridges.Arindham told us, \"Our chef has made special recipes to cater to the palate of our guests.\" And it was special indeed, as the guests enjoyed the delicacies and tried to keep warm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11468915", "title": "Bodies of woman, 2 kids washed ashore", "text": "CHENNAI: Three bodies, of a woman and two children, were washed ashore on Thursday afternoon near Tiruvan-miyur.A few fishermen near Odai Kuppam noticed the bodies at 2.15pm and alerted the police. Police recovered the bodies and sent them to the government hospital in Royapettah for autopsy.The identity of the victims is yet to be ascertained. The woman is estimated to be in her early thirties, while the children are a six-month-old girl and a two-and-a-half-year-old boy.Police said they may have committed suicide. \"We have informed police stations nearby to alert us if they have received any woman and children missing complaints,\" a police officer said. Tiruvanmiyur police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11470162", "title": "Cataract operation in state hospital blinds 5", "text": "MUMBAI: Five patients have lost their vision permanently after undergoing cataract surgery at the Government Medical College in Latur. The patients are now recuperating at J J Hospital in Byculla after being operated upon again.Dean of J J Hospital Dr T P Lahane said that the patients had been shifted to Mumbai on January 5, a good 20 days after the surgery. \"Three of them have completely lost vision, while two may get back only faint vision. But, as of today, all five of them have lost their eyesight,\" said Lahane. He said that cataract surgeries, normally, have very little chances of running into complications.The patients were operated in Latur on December 15, and had developed complications soon after. Lahane said that the patients could have been a victim of infection and poor post-operative care. Lahane said that lack of personal hygiene on the part of doctors could have had a role to play.\"The fact that the doctors could not detect infection till 20 days after the surgery also shows that they had not visited the patients post surgery,\" said Lahane. Worse, none of the patients was informed that the surgery had gone wrong. Officials from GMC, Latur, said an inquiry had been ordered into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "11472684", "title": "Sirsa youth cheated of Rs 32,000", "text": "HISAR: A youth sold his mother and wife's ornaments to get a 'prize money' of Rs 2 lakh, but was cheated of Rs 32,000 which he deposited in a bank account given by a person reportedly calling from Pakistan. Vikram Singh, a painter by profession has lodged a police complaint stating that a caller who indentified himself as an executive of a mobile company had asked him to deposit Rs 32,000 to get the prize money. \"I sold the ornaments and got Rs 27,000. Then I borrowed Rs 5,000 from my friends and deposited the amount in the bank account which was given by the caller,\" said Singh.Inspector Bimla, who is looking into the case, said that they are taking the help of cyber crime experts to solve the case. SP Ashwin Shenvi has advised people not to take calls which come from a number starting with +92. Singh too received a call from a Pakistan number starting with +92 on Wednesday. Later, when Singh told his friends about the call, he was told that he had been taken for a ride.This is not the first case, about 15 persons have earlier been cheated by such unidentified callers.,", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11472147", "title": "Michelle Obama joins Twitter", "text": "WASHINGTON: With US elections approaching, US First Lady Michelle Obama has signed on to micro-blogging site 'Twitter' and within a few hours gained over 100,000 followers.\"We're excited today to launch @michelleobama as a new way for you to connect with First Lady Michelle Obama and the President's campaign,\" @michelleobama said in the first tweet.The second tweet clarified that the account would be managed by the Obama Campaign, indicating that this would be used as a tool in the reelection campaign of US President Barack Obama.A few hours later, the First Lady herself twitted for the first time.\"Hi, everyone, and thanks for the warm welcome. Look forward to staying in touch with you here. mo,\" she said in a tweet authenticated by her initials 'mo'.At the end of the day Michelle made her second tweet. \"Here's something dear to my heart: the MLK Day of Service. Will you join me to serve your community on Monday? http://OFA. BO/NTYQkR -mo,\" it said.The First Lady is following only five accounts so far one that being of Obama's, campaign manager Jim Messina and the official White House Twitter account.Of course, she is following the official twitter account of her husband, which is also managed by the campaign staff.The twitter account of Barack Obama -- @BarackObama - has more than 11 million followers and he follows more than 683,000 tweet accounts. The president occasionally tweets personally, designated by his initials 'bo'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11469792", "title": "The line of TB treatment", "text": "General TB |Spreads to any organ from the lungs. If the patient is diagnosed with TB for the first time, he's treated with a combination of rifampicin, isoniazid, ethambutol and pyrazinamide (RHEZ). \"The medicines are prescribed according to the patient's minimum weight for two months. After two months, if the tests are negative, then the medication is reduced to two drugs,\" says Dr Murali Mohan, pulmonologist at Narayana Hrudayalaya. Typically, treatment lasts six months if the lungs are affected; for other organs, it takes more than six months.MDR-TB |This type of TB is suspected if a patient doesn't respond to the first line of treatment, or if she comes back with symptoms after completing the medication, or if she has picked up the infection from an MDR patient. \"We start treatment immediately after sending samples for test. The patient is treated with a combination of six antibiotics, including at least two drugs that were not taken before. Even injectible drugs are used. We have to make sure the patient does not have side-effects , and the medicines are chosen according to the individual's body type,\" says Dr Mohan.XDR-TB |TB can turn into XDR-TB if a patient does not complete medication, or if the doctor misjudges the line of medication, or the patient is infected by another XDR-TB patient. \"The treatment of XDR-TB is a little complicated. Medication can last over two years. The patient is likely to be cured after this. As the medication gets very expensive, such patients are generally referred to government institutes,\" says Dr Vivek Padegal, consultant pulmonologist at Manipal Hospital.TDR-TB |This type of TB is very rare. It can happen only if the patient does not complete medication, or if the doctor misjudges the line of treatment. In such cases, it is possible that the body becomes resistant to all drugs available. \"It is very important for a patient suffering from TDR-TB not to stop medication in between. A doctor should strictly follow the prescribed guidelines. If one of this goes wrong, then the patient might be in trouble,\" says Dr Mohan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11472475", "title": "Defence Colony flat sold for Rs 8.5 crore", "text": "An apartment spread over 2,000 sq.ft (approximately), located in Defence Colony was sold for an approximate cost of Rs 8.5 crore bringing the average value of the property to approximately Rs 42,500 per square foot.While the cost of this property is marginally higher than the average value of comparable property which is in the range between Rs 27,000 and Rs 40,000 per square foot, there are fewer properties for sale available in these locations which justify the premium commanded by the property.Defence Colony is one of Delhi's most sought after areas on account of location, amenities and quality of properties that it offers. The location has seen stable capital values over the last year on account of low number of transactions. It is expected that the location and its neighbourhood will continue to see good interest from end-users as well as investors.PUNEA property in a prime under-construction project in Kharadi was sold for a total value of Rs 90 lakh. This lavish three-bedroom unit spreads across 1,800 sq.ft and is accompanied by covered parking space for two four-wheelers. Located in one of Pune's prime residential location, the project is expected to provide the residents an entire gamut of services, including the standard clubhouse and gymnasium etc. The location of Kharadi commands capital values in the range of Rs 6,000-7,000. However, due to the fact that the property is located in an underconstruction project and it is at least 18-20 months away from completion, the values are lower than that of ready-to-move in projects.MUMBAIAn apartment measuring a colossal 5,800 sq.ft and located at Lower Parel was sold for an approximate value of Rs 12.47 crore translating to an average capital value of Rs 21,500 per square foot. The under-construction unit will offer its resident five-bedroom spacious apartment alongside all the standard amenities including car park, recreational activities zone etc. The location is advantageous as it provides for good social infrastructure including retail and entertainment , education and healthcare apart from being easily accessible from the CBD as well as other office locations like the Bandra Kurla Complex, not to mention that Lower Parel itself is a bustling office market.(Source: Cushman &amp; Wakefield)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11468169", "title": "Piling petitions hint at GTA expansion", "text": "KOLKATA: Is the new Gorkha Territorial Administration poised for an expansion? So it seems if one goes by the number of petitions submitted to the nine-member committee led by former chief justice of the Calcutta high court Shyamal Kumar Sen.There are around 700 petitions in favour of inclusion of the 396 mouzas of the Terai and Dooars, while 20 petitions are opposed to it. The status is crucial, given the Centre's assurance to the members of the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) members in Delhi on January 9 that elections to the GTA will be held soon.The Bangla-O-Bangla Bhasha Bachao Committee has already called a Bangla bandh in protest on Monday.Going by the volume of petitions, there are chances of an expansion, as four of the nine-member committee are from the GJM. However, there is a catch. The high-power committee has made amends to the procedural regulations under Section 20 (A) for delivery of justice. The new section says: \"Parties which are also members of the committee and whose interests are likely to be involved in any dispute on the petitions or otherwise may make submission in that matter but shall not take part in deliberations and decision making.\" Another amendment vests the power in the chairman of the committee to recognize or dispose of the petition.\"The mouzas originally demanded by the GJM for inclusion at the initial stage, on the basis of which the tripartite agreement had been signed in July 2011 is unknown to us. I have asked for all the details from home secretary G D Gautama,\" Justice Sen said.The Centre has already asked the state government to handle the sensitive issue properly because it feels that any delay on the part of the government can spark off fresh agitation in the Hills. The GTA agreement was signed by representatives of state, Centre and GJM on July 18. The GTA bill was passed in Bengal Assembly on September 2.Justice Sen's committee will soon send a survey team to determine new areas for GTA by physical verification of each mouza to ascertain demands of the GJM. The delay in sending inspection teams was because of staff shortage, state officials said. Even committee secretary T K Bhaumick joined only in November.\"For the identification of additional areas the high power committee will take into consideration compactness, contiguity, homogeneity, ground level situation and other relevant factors to determine the land for transfer. The committee was asked to submit its suggestions within six months. But as its term will end in January, it is likely to be extended soon,\" an official said.Left leaders Zia-Ul-Alam, Nirmal Das and Mahendra Ray said that adding parts of Terai and Dooars in GTA will create problem for the people of Jalpaiguri. They feared that the proposed addition of mouzas would incite sentiments in the plains. CPM's Jalpaiguri district secretary Manik Sanyal wanted the high-power committee to survey the gram panchayats, as even Bagrakot, Odlabari panchayats in Malbazar block adjoining Darjeeling do not have Nepali majority.Mukunda Majumdar of Bangla-O-Bangla Bhasa Bachao Committee who submitted his objections to Justice Sen's committee said, \"We are opposing inclusion of areas from Siliguri, Terai and Dooars. Many foreigners entered Bengal. We want that the Indo-Nepal treaty of 1950 should be considered while determining areas for GTA.\"Larry Bose working president, Dooars Terrai Nagrik Mancha also opposed the transfer of land to GTA. \"Interest of tribals will be affected,\" he said.Dolen Ray of Amra Bangali said that they have already filed a writ petition in the high court against GTA and the high powered committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11469903", "title": "Sindri College stir over pay revision", "text": "RANCHI: Resentment prevailed among the non-teaching staff of Sindri College over alleged irregularities in wage revision on Thursday. President of the college non-teaching staff association, Nanak Sharan, informed that the staff refused to accept the faulty wage revision made after 15 years and has demanded a fresh pay structure failing which they will take to the path of agitation.Employees joining the college before 1976 have been shown to have joined service in August 1993, thereby causing a huge loss to the employee who has already retired from service. Employees joining the service from 1977 to 1980 have also been shown to have joined service in 1993 just to deprive them of time bound promotion, he alleged. Several senior employees have been placed in the junior scale and junior staff have been placed in senior scales causing great resentment among senior staff members.Similarly, according to the university notification, all the staff were to be given time-bound promotion till December 1995 but only two employees have been extended this benefit and the rest of the staff have been deprived without assigning any reason, he added. Despite adjustment of services of non-teaching staff according to the government notice vide letter no.1153, the services of the staff have been re-adjusted by the university without quashing the earlier adjustment, he stated and alleged that the services of some of the employees have been adjusted after giving promotion in higher grades which is against government rules.Charging university and government authorities of adopting a pick-and-choose policy, the non-teaching staff association leader alleged that while in some cases, the university and government accepted the promotion granted by the college authorities and fixed their salary in higher scales, but in other cases it was rejected. And to top it all, names of two grade three employees and 11 grade four employees did not appear in the pay fixation list, he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11469592", "title": "'Our milk is pure,' says Saras", "text": "JAIPUR: Amid reports about milk adulteration, Saras, a brand owned by the Rajasthan co-operative dairy federation limited (RCDF) defended the quality of its milk.\"It is not clear from the study whether the samples were taken from branded or unbranded milk. However, there is no problem with Saras milk as we do not compromise on our specifications. Various levels of checks are conducted before the packaged milk goes out into the market. Milk is tested four times before procurement from farmers, on delivery at the factory, after processing and, lastly, before dispatch,\" OP Meena, managing director, RCDF, said.Saras has the largest market share of packaged milk in the state with 14 lakh litres of milk being sold per day.Dispelling consumers' doubts, Meena asserted, \"We have sophisticated machines to evaluate the quality of milk. With electro-scan we can find every single constituent in it, including percentage of fats, vitamins and proteins.\"He added, \"If there are any impurities then that tanker is completely drained out and the milkman faces complete ban. Even at the society level, which operates in villages, our procurement officers have chemical kits to gauge milk quality.\"The societies authorised by RCDF collect milk from villages and deliver it to the dairies in major cities of the state. The federation is also planning to install new machines at each point of milk collection. \"Very soon machines worth Rs 60 lakh will be installed at the dairies and machines worth Rs 35,000 at each society,\" Meena added.Acknowledging rampant adulteration in loose milk, officials admit that they receive a lot of spurious milk from the villages. \"The dilution of milk with water happens everywhere but in Rajasthan that is the only kind of adulteration that happens. Though, even that should be discouraged. But fortunately, we have not come across cases where chemicals were added to milk,\" Meena said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11467399", "title": "Four youths held for killing co\u2019s supervisor", "text": "PUNE: Four youths were arrested for allegedly murdering a construction firm supervisor at Pabe village behind Sinhagad fort on January 2.The police identified the victim as Niranjan Ramchandra Wajringkar-Kasar (20) and the arrested suspects as Pappu alias Maruti Buruck (30), Siddharth Suryavanshi (19), Subhash Kamble (35) and Shashi Dhotre (30). Assistant inspector Kishor Mhasawde of Velha police station said that the deceased and the suspects were friends, but the main suspect Buruck had an old rivalry with Nirajan.According to Mhasawde, the suspects and Niranjan consumed liquor at Katraj on January 2 and left for Pabe village on motorcycles. At the village, the suspects, armed with sharp weapons, killed Niranjan and dumped his body on a hill.The decomposed body was found on January 6. The body was identified after the police found that Niranjan's family members had registered a 'missing person' complaint with the Haveli police on January 6. Investigations revealed that Buruck, Suryavanshi, Kamble and Dhotre, who were last seen with Niranjan, had gone absconding after the murder. Buruck, Suryavanshi and Kamble were arrested on January 9, while Dhotre was arrested on January 11.The policemen responsible for the arrest included B D Dhumal, Uday Dhavane, Santosh Medekar, Atmaram Kad, Sagar Shingade and Sunil Konde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11470147", "title": "Mercury plunges below 7 degree Celsius in city", "text": "PUNE: The city continued to reel under the effects of the cold wave conditions in the northern parts of the central Maharashtra belt as the minimum temperature dipped to the season's lowest so far - 6.8 degree Celsius - on Thursday. This was 40 C below normal for the day.Cold and chilly conditions prevailed not only during the early morning hours but also for the better part of the day as the maximum temperature too dipped to 25.90 C, which is 30 C below normal. The maximum temperature has gone down noticeably over the last five days.\"We expect somewhat similar temperatures over the next two days,\" said Sunita Devi, director (weather central) at the India Meteorological Department's (IMD) Shivajinagar observatory here on Thursday.She said the fall in temperatures was due to the combined effect of cold air advection caused by northerly winds and lack of moisture due to subdued easterly waves. Both the maximum and minimum temperatures in the city remained fairly above normal for the week beginning January 1. While the maximum was between 32.5 and 30.6 C - 4 to 1 C above normal, the minimum too started with the warmest New Year Day, for the last one decade, at 18.1 C and went down gradually to 10.7 C by January 7. This was 7 to 2 C above normal for the week.The temperature pattern, however, changed from the week beginning January 8 as the mercury remained consistently below the 10 C mark. On January 8, the minimum temperature was 9.1 C - 2 C below normal, while the maximum was 30.4 C. The maximum temperature dipped to 28 C on January 9 and the minimum temperature too fell to 7.2 C on the day. For the last two days, including Thursday, the day temperature has remained constant at 25.9 C.\"Last week, there was an active westerly disturbance over Jammu and Kashmir and neighbouring areas, which provided large-scale precipitation including rain and snow in the northern parts of the country,\" Devi said. \"There were no north-westerly waves. There were also no westerly intrusions in Pune region, which is located towards the south.\"What influenced the change this week was the moving away of the westerly disturbance and cold northerly winds intruding the much lower latitudes including central and peninsular India, Devi said. \"This has caused the cold air advection effect. The easterly waves, which normally bring moisture that is conducive for a rise in temperature, are also subdued at the moment,\" she said. Devi said, \"The IMD is not expecting any drastic change in the temperature for the next 48 hours but it could rise gradually thereafter.\"Severe cold wave conditions prevailed in isolated parts of Vidarbha, with the minimum temperature in Akola going down to 6.7 C. Similar cold conditions prevailed in some parts of the central Maharashtra belt, between Jalgaon and Nashik in the north and Kolhapur down south.The night temperature remained appreciably below normal - a difference of 3 to 4 C from normal, in parts of Madhya Maharashtra, Marathwada and Vidarbha.Ahmednagar recorded the lowest temperature in the state at 5.3 C, which is 7 C below normal. Nashik recorded 5.6 C, Malegaon 7.2 C and Jalgaon 9.5 C. All these places are located in the north central Maharashtra belt.In Vidarbha, Nagpur recorded 8.5 C and Gondia 9.8 C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469452", "title": "SEC seeks report on code violation by BJP", "text": "NAGPUR: State Election Commission (SEC) has sent a notice to municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal asking him to immediately submit the facts regarding alleged violation of code of conduct by BJP.Congress city president Jaiprakash Gupta and leader of opposition Vikas Thakre had lodged a complaint with SEC over use of photographs of union urban development minister Kamal Nath and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in advertisements praising the 24x7 water supply project. These advertisements had the BJP's lotus symbol.Gupta told TOI that Kamal Nath and Chavan had sent communications to SEC objecting to use of their photographs in BJP's advertisements without their permission.\"BJP has used the photographs of our leaders without their permission in order to mislead the voters. Our activists too are confused. This is a clear violation of code of conduct. We have urged the Commission to freeze their election symbol,\" he said.On BJP national president Nitin Gadkari being made a respondent, Gupta said that it was the normal process and national chief of any party against whom a election complaint was lodged automatically became a respondent.Local Congress and NCP leaders had suffered a loss of face when Kamal Nath had inaugurated the Kanhan water treatment plant (WTP) and showered praises on NMC's 24x7 water supply project. EGS minister Nitin Raut, who had said that he was representing the CM in the function, too had praised the project. Congress and NCP leaders have been opposing this project tooth and nail and have made it a major election plank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11470009", "title": "Body found near Pandra Bazar", "text": "RANCHI: A body of a young labourer was found at a construction site near Pandra Bazar on Thursday which created fear among the local residents.The deceased, Arvind Oraon, 22, was a daily wage labourer working at a construction site in Pandra. People claimed the death to be a murder. Chhotu, a local resident, said, \"Arvind was at his job when a man came and asked him not to work there and started fighting with him. After that I saw his body at the same place.\" City SP Ranjit Prasad said, \"This is definitely a case of murder. The man has a wound on the right side of his head, which can be the cause of death. We don't know what has been used as a weapon.\"He added, \"In the inquiry, we found that Arvind was murdered by a person with whom he went to have lunch. This proves that the murderer is a person known to him. The reason for the murder is not known. We are still looking for the culprit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11469695", "title": "State sanctions Rs 15cr for Madurai corporation", "text": "MADURAI: Chief whip of the Tamil Nadu government P Mohan on Thursday announced that the Madurai corporation will get additional funds of Rs 15 crore for the road works. He was talking to media persons after a petition committee review meeting held at the collectorate.Mohan said that the government has already sanctioned Rs 3.5 crore for the road works, which have been completed. Another Rs 15 crore has been allotted to the corporation based on their request, he said. Under NABARD, Rs 3.03 crore has been sanctioned to the district and Rs 4.29 crore has been set aside for educational development, Mohan added.For highways, Rs 51.26 crore has been provided for the laying of 126 km roads in the district and another Rs 22.57 crore for bridge works, has been sanctioned. Another major work of Melur Combined Drinking Water Scheme costing Rs 784 crore, through the Tamil Nadu Water and Drainage Board will commence shortly, he said.After 11 districts in the state, the committee reviewed the petitions in Madurai. The committee reviewed 147 petitions of which 62 were scrutinised and 55 redressed on the spot. \"It reveals that the district administration at Madurai is very capable,\" he commented.Later in the day, the committee visited the intensive respiratory care unit and neo-natal care unit at the Government Rajaji Hospital. They later proceeded to the sewage treatment plant at Vellakal in Avaniayapuram and solid waste management scheme of Madurai Corporation. They also inspected the ongoing rail overbridge work at Alagappan Nagar in Bypass road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11469292", "title": "Is alcohol used to win elections in Goa?", "text": "Yes, alcohol plays a major role during elections. In case of a few campaigners it helps them to better organize the meetings and other election-related propaganda to seek votes. As a result the candidates benefit immensely. So the government should ban alcohol in Goa once the code of conduct comes into force.Rajendra Desai | LIC agent, QuepemDrinks are a part and parcel of social life in Goa. So, most voters in the state won't be influenced with drinks distributed by candidates during the elections. Other goodies like two-wheelers etc will influence voters and candidates will benefit.Emidio Monteiro | Investment consultant, St EstevamIt is common knowledge that alcoholic drinks are used to woo voters in Goa. There are people who cannot afford expensive drinks and they get such drinks from bars which are paid for by politicians. Very often voters switch sides due to the drinks given and it plays a major role. Just like tanks and other things, liquor was always distributed during elections.Fatima D'Sa | Ex-minister, PorvorimYes, alcoholic drinks play a major role in winning elections in Goa. This is quite common in the state for the last so many years and it can be said that alcoholic drinks are used specially to win the elections. However, it is the duty of the election commission to be on the alert to prevent such incidents.Veena Vishant Vaze | Housewife, BicholimYou can follow the debate on wwwtimesofindia.com at Speak Out", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469074", "title": "Qualifier Abhijeet face Vaidik for title", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after an unseeded sent the top seed Kunal Anand packing, a qualifier from Chhattisgarh Abhijeet Tiwari halted the dream run of Punjab's Deepinder Bains to bang into the final of the Gondwana Club All-India men's ranking tennis championship at the Seminary Hills courts here on Thursday.Making most of his backhand power, Tiwari got the better of Punjab's Bains in the semifinals. Though the scoreline show a straight set 6-4, 6-2 victory for Tiwari, both the players engaged themselves in long rallies before the final outcome of the interesting clash.The Chhattisgarh youngster will now face Vaidik Munshaw of Gujarat for the men's singles crown. Vaidik made light work of Delhi's Arjun Singh 6-0, 6-1 in the other semifinal.In the doubles semifinals, the Delhi duo of Ronak Manuja and Kunal Anand defeated Yogesh Phogat and Abhijeet Tiwari 6-4, 6-2. In an exciting clash, the Gujarat pair of Vaidik Munshaw and Sameep Mehta edged out Sagar Ahuja and Saurabh Patil 6-2, 7-6(6) to set the title clash with the experienced men from Delhi.RESULTS (all semifinals)Men's singles: Abhijeet Tiwari (CG) bt Deepinder Bains (Pnj) 6-4, 6-2; Vaidik Munshaw (Guj) bt Arjun Singh (Del) 6-0, 6-1.Men's doubles: Ronak Manuja/Kunal Anand bt Yogesh Phogat/Abhijeet Tiwari 6-4, 6-2; Vaidik Munshaw/Sameep Mehta bt Sagar Ahuja/Saurabh Patil 6-2, 7-6(6).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11469581", "title": "Lohri today: Bonfires set up", "text": "KANPUR: Preparations are on celebrate Lohri, the festival which highlights farmers' joy after a good harvest. Lohri also mark the end of winters. The preparations for Lohri include decorations of 'diwan' in various 'gurdwaras'. Setting up of bonfires is the other important ritual to be performed on the eve of 'Lohri'. This festival also signifies the beginning of a new month.Hectic activities could be seen in markets ahead of Lohri and Makarsankranti. From small makeshift structures to big shop owners, all are ready with various delicacies like 'til ke laddoo, popcorns, 'gazak', 'revary' and many more. \"Lohri marks the beginning of the harvest season and end of winter.It is impossible to imagine 'Lohri' without stacks of groundnut, popcorns, various types of 'gazak' and multicoloured kites,\" said Jhanavi, a housewife. Navneet, a senior citizen, plans to celebrate a grand Lohri this year due to the birth of her grandson.\"Lohri is celebrated in every Punjabi family, but the celebrations are bigger in the families where a wedding had place or a child had born. My second grandson Nitin was born this year and we invited all our relatives for Lohri,\" she Navneet. Lohri also reduces discrimination between boys and girls.The celebration will start with a `parikrama', signifying the worship of fire. Lohri is also going to have a new taste this year with 'chocolate gazak' with sesame (made with jaggery). Revaris in various shapes and sizes are also in demand. In order to add Punjabi flavour to the celebrations, Phulkari packaging are also available in the market to be given to newly wedded couples.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468834", "title": "690 errant auto drivers get showcause notices", "text": "MUMBAI: In what could be a victory for Team Anna's India Against Corruption (IAC), the RTO has taken cognizance of the 2,425 complaints filed against errant autorickshaw drivers during the IAC's SMS and online complaint campaign.Taking a cue from the campaign, the RTO now plans to set up its own SMS complaint service soon.Showcause notices have been sent to 690 drivers and they have been put in the 'wanted' section of the respective RTOs, said sources. At the time of going to press, 69 of them had been punished and fined a total of Rs 42,800. The permits of 24 drivers and licences of 67 others have been suspended. The drivers who have received the notices will either have to come to the RTO themselves or they will be prosecuted when they arrive for the mandatory annual fitness tests.IAC volunteers met state transport commissioner V N More at his office on Thursday and based on the analysis report presented by him, it was seen that refusals constituted the largest offence. More told the IAC delegation that as a result of the complaints lodged through the SMS/online system, flying squads have been deployed to conduct surprise checks.TOI was the first to highlight the SMS service started by Team Anna, which provided commuters an easy way to lodge complaints. IAC acted as a facilitator-categorizing the complaints under various heads such as rude behaviour, tampered meters, refusals, plying without meters-and forwarding every complaint to the state transport department.IAC also was assured by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan that every complaint would be treated seriously. Meanwhile, the Andheri and Wadala RTOs carried out a massive drive in December, and apprehended 650 drivers for refusals and meter tampering. While some were sent to court to pay fines, the meters of 216 drivers were confiscated for lab tests. Others had to pay fines as high as Rs 2,600 and their licences were suspended for 15 days.Preeti Sharma Menon of the IAC said, \"Our delegation met More today and the objective was to get an update on the action taken on the SMS complaints. The commissioner explained that the systematic presentation of complaints helped the RTO analyze locations and nature of grievances experienced by citizens.\" She added, \"IAC is also concerned about the socio-economic conditions of auto drivers\". She said that IAC would compile a list of grievances of auto drivers and take a delegation on their behalf to the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11469459", "title": "Auto-lifting gangs still active in the city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Sangam city continues to be a happy hunting ground for vehicle-lifters despite tall claims of the police that such incidents have been checked. Recently, the police had busted an inter-district gang of autolifters and recovered 10 stolen twowheelers from them.One of the arrested persons, Ritesh Kumar, turned out to be an engineering aspirant. Interrogation reports of three arrested auto-lifters prove that the location of the district provides a major advantage to auto-lifters, who after stealing two or four wheeler, take them to neighbouring states like Bihar and Madhya Pradesh for resale purpose. Once the stolen two or four wheeler reaches MP or Bihar, auto-lifters with the help of brokers make hefty business.\"District limits shares its boundary with Rewa, Mirzapur, Kaushambi, Pratapgarh and Sant Ravidas Nagar. This makes escaping in any direction easy, as criminals can enter another state or district and without getting caught. Also, as there is not enough parking space, people are forced to leave their vehicles on the sides of the streets, which offers the two-wheelers easy targets for auto thieves,\" revealed police.Civil Lines police outpost incharge, Santosh Singh says, \"Young brats are attracting towards auto lifting to earn fast buck. Factors like impressing girls and increasing daily expenses are also responsible for youths attracting towards the trade.\" Police admit that three auto-lifters including a budding engineer, were arrested when their images got captured in the CCTVs.The police are now in view that the high resolution CCTV cameras that could capture clear images of vehicles as well as faces of the drivers would be installed at strategic points. Besides, police are also strengthening its intelligence have deputed teams to crack down the networking of auto-lifters. Last year, over 396 cases of autolifting were registered in police records and the recovery percentage of merely 27%. A team of cops have also been assigned to keep an eye on parking slots where these auto lifters usually carry out recee before striking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11468935", "title": "75% of second year engineering students fail in one paper", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly 75% of second year engineering students in 170 colleges in and around Chennai have failed in at least one paper in the third semester. The pass percentage of around 65,000 students in colleges affiliated to the Anna University of Technology (AUT), Chennai, shows the quality of technical education in the state, experts say.Academics attribute this to the poor quality of students learning in bad colleges under unqualified teachers who are unaware of the teaching-learning process. E Balaguruswamy, former vice-chancellor of Anna University and UPSC member, said, \"You get poor students because the qualifying percentage is greatly reduced, so anybody who applies for an engineering seat gets one.\" Many seats go vacant so all are given admission.The quality of the faculty in these colleges is poor. More than 50% are not qualified, and many colleges don't have senior faculty who know the subject, he said. \"The college environment in many institutions is not good as the quality of the management is bad. They treat the faculty and students badly, and recruit poor quality teachers,\" Balaguruswamy added.Analysing the results, vice-chancellor of AUT Chennai professor C Thangaraj said that inability of the lateral entry students to catch up with portions and faculty migration are to blame. \"Lateral entry students join colleges with poor mathematical fundamentals as they do not study Class 12 maths. They join classes a month later because their polytechnic results come late in June. They also experience a culture shock as this is the first time they are entering college while the rest of the class has settled down,\" Thangaraj said.Lateral entry students undergo three years of polytechnic education after Class 10, and are allowed to join the second year in an engineering college based on their polytechnic results. There are 9,800 lateral entry students in the 170 affiliated colleges, with a maximum of 177 such students in any one college. If 8,000 of these students fail to make the grade that translates to 12% to 13% of the total , Thangaraj said.Around 70,000 seats in more than 500 engineering colleges in the state went abegging this year. Still colleges continue to crop up. Many academics, including former vice-chancellor of Anna University and member of the Yash Pal committee to advise on the Renovation and Rejuvenation of Higher Education in India M Ananthakrishnan, have voiced their concerns over the failing quality of technical education in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11469970", "title": "Submergence threat to Palamu Tiger Reserve", "text": "Another development project, though long in the pipeline, is set to take its toll on a tiger habitat. The upcoming North Koel irrigation project has been assessed by the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) as potentially harmful for Jharkhand's Palamu Tiger Reserve.NTCA maintained that nearly 119 sq km of forest area is likely to be submerged if the project gets a go-ahead and the gates of the dam are allowed to be closed.\"The report, finalized last month, was put up on public domain a couple of days ago. A substantial portion of the core area in the tiger reserve, approximately 360 hectares, is facing the threat of submergence. This is about 11.5% of the total area,\" said S P Yadav, deputy inspector general of NTCA, a body under the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).It may be noted that the total area of PTR is 1,026 sq km, of which 414 sq km is the core area. A committee, constituted by NTCA, visited the site May last year and spoke to the villagers of Latu and Kujrum, inside the core area, before preparing the final report. One of the members of the panel, P K Sen, said the project is not possible since a huge area of the forest land will be under threat.Conceptualized in 1972, the initial project cost was fixed at Rs 35 crore. But it started facing hurdles after Jharkhand was formed. While Jharkhand never wanted the dam fearing the loss of forest cover, Bihar kept pushing it.The project is expected to benefit roughly 1,11,800 hectares of agricultural land in Aurangabad and Gaya districts in Bihar, which would justify an expenditure of Rs 750 crore on the project.\"Though there are reports that a section of the people are trying to revive the project, it has to be held up to save the forests,\" said Sen, also the ex-director of Project Tiger and PTR.According to the report, the area under threat is the prime tiger habitat and it is rich in wildlife and biodiversity. \"These forests are the breeding grounds of Schedule I animals like tigers, leopards and elephants. Due to submergence, traditional migratory routes of elephants will also be blocked,\" it added.According to Yadav, apart from wildlife, 17 villages will also be submerged if the dam gates are closed. \"If these people are not resettled taking into consideration the instant policy and Forest Rights Act, they might encroach upon the forest areas of the reserve,\" he added.According to section 38 V (4) (i) of Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, critical tiger habitats have to be maintained as inviolate for tiger conservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11472093", "title": "Manisha Koirala goes spiritual", "text": "If the going gets tough, it's the Almighty God we look up to. Manisha Koirala did just that. The actress, who has been going through a rough patch in her marriage to businessman Samrat Dahal, decided to take the spiritual route to tide over the crisis in her personal life.Mumbai Mirror found out that Manisha recently spent 28 days at the Oneness University, located 80 km off Chennai. The actress enrolled for a course called 'Deepening' in the third week of November.The actress had reportedly wanted to end her marriage less than a year back. In June 2010, Manisha had invited a few friends over at her Mumbai residence for a party, wherein she had reportedly discussed her decision to divorce Samrat. However, the actress had made peace and had later returned to her husband.The peaceful period hadn't lasted too long. Reports of her rocky marriage had surfaced again. But this time, her stint at Oneness University seems to have helped. \"Manisha's healing graph at Oneness University was very good. She came out in a very positive frame of mind, unlike when she had gone in searching for answers to the questions in her personal life She had a lot of clarity,\" revealed a family member.\"In fact, Manisha plans to come back soon for yet another course,\" added the source.Talking about her stint, a member from the University explained, \"Manisha despite being a celebrity followed all the rules at the place. She did not complain about the discourses that lasted for 12 hours every day. She started off with a havan at the abode of Shri Amma Bhagwan, Satyaloka, which is 200-odd km away from Oneness University.\"When contacted, the Senior Guide and Principal Advisor of Oneness University, Namanji, confirmed Manisha's stay at the Oneness University. Explaining the course that Manisha undertook, he said, \"One's consciousness level tends to fall at times. This leads to a drop in compassion and many other virtues and values. On the other hand, greed, anxiety, angst, non-acceptance, low confidence and low self esteem increase. 'Deepening' raises one's consciousness levels.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "strap ", "code": "11468488", "title": "Pongal shoppers on a roll", "text": "Strap : With Pongal just round the corner, city markets are crowded with shoppers, many having traveled from neighbouring townsERODE: Pongal is just round the corner and residents are out on the streets doing their festival shopping. It is not uncommon for people from neighbouring villages to travel to Coimbatore to buy new clothes and accessories. The festive spirit is in the air with the markets looking crowded and colourful.O V Vijayakumar, the marketing manager of Chennai Silks said that people are coming in large numbers to shop in the city. \"Business is better now when compared to the Christmas season,\" he said. This season, he says they have introduced new varieties of textiles. \"Many come from villages to buy modern clothes. At the same time, the demand for traditional sarees has not dwindled. We have a huge selection of churidhars too as they are popular with children,\" he said.However, grocery and vegetable stores have a different story to tell. They have not experienced any spike in demand. L Jithendra, the store manager of Nilgiris on Race Course Road says that despite the approach of Pongal, he does not see any increase in business. \"People generally buy more sweets,\" he said.Jamuna Murugesan, a housewife residing at Kuniamuthur says that everyone at home gets new clothes. Sunitha Shree R, a faculty at the GRG says that they make special dishes and hold prayers. \"We generally buy rice, make special sweets and visit the temple,\" she says.The Coimbatore railway station had a huge crowd waiting to buy tickets. N Ramu and Asha Jyothi, first year M Pham students at Sri Ramakrishna College of Medicine said they were eager to go home to celebrate Pongal with their families who lived in Vijayawada.M Sekar, treasurer of Erode Kani Market Textile Traders Association said, \"Sales of wholesale clothes has picked up only in the last week. People from Madurai, Nagercoil, Tirunelveli and Tuticorin buy whole sale from here. Over the last one week, we have sold handloom textile and readymade cloth worth Rs 15 crore\".\"The variety of wholesale items is large. People from across India come here to buy clothes. In the last three days, daily sales was Rs 1 crore in the wholesale market,\" said president of the association M N Noor Sait.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "11468688", "title": "Crop loss dampens Sankranti joy", "text": "GUNTUR: Sankranti is the biggest festival in the coastal region, particularly for the farming community. The festival is celebrated as a thanks-giving for a good yield. Anticipating a good paddy yield this season, the farmers are jubilant and making arrangements for a grand celebration of the harvest festival.Cyclone Thane threat blew over without causing much damage. Farmers heaved a sigh of relief and speeded up harvesting in the last one week. But their happiness proved to be short-lived as unexpected rain in the last three days has completely transformed the environment in the villages from that of jubilation to gloom as crops in thousands of acres have suffered irreparable damage.\"I came to my village along with children to celebrate Sankranti with my parents. A day's rain has changed the mood as my father returned home on Wednesday with tears in his eyes. How can we celebrate the festival,\" explained Bhagavannarayana, an IT professional. He is a native of Pedaparimi near Tenali.Hundreds of youngsters from coastal districts working in Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad have started reaching home for the week-long Sankranti festivities but the sudden rain has played havoc with their plans of celebration. \"Though no crop fetches good profits in the open market, farmers would be more than happy had they retrieved their produce, which has been washed away in the rain water,\" Mohd Habibulla, assistant director, agriculture, said.According to initial estimations, paddy was damaged in about 20,000 hectares in Guntur, 14,000 in Prakasam, 16,000 in Krishna and nearly 18,000 hectares in Nellore district. While a marginal portion could survive as rain stopped on Thursday, the chilli farmers were the worst-hit as the crop was completely marooned in the rain water.The problem was compounded with the farmers keeping their stocks out in the open for drying. A senior agriculture official said chilli stocks to the tune of Rs 300 crore were damaged. Farmers of black gram too were hit badly as nearly 20,000 acres of crop was damaged in Nellore district alone.In a peculiar situation, the farmers of both food and commercial crops lost their stocks as rain lashed the delta and upland regions. \"We will assess the damage after rain completely stops and try to rescue the farmers,\" said tobacco board chairman Kamalavardhan Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11469366", "title": "Traders cite difficulties due to poll panel's order", "text": "LUCKNOW: Traders under the aegis of UP Udyog Vyapar Pratinidhi Mandal gave a representation to the state electoral officer citing their difficulties because of the order that bans carrying cash.The association said that their business was badly affected because of the rigorous checking drive conducted by the police. Traders said that people were not able to carry cash meant for various crucial reasons -- be it registry of property, or purchasing materials for occasions like marriages etc. This has also affected distribution of wages to the labours working in the factories. Traders said that no bank give a receipt of the cash withdrawal which too is causing inconvenience to the people.In some cases, money earned by shopkeepers after the day's work is also being seized.The association alleged that the group of policemen at every crossing often misbehave with traders and check their pockets. Traders claimed that in some districts like Ghaziabad, and Aligarh police is engaged in extorting money from the traders carrying cash in the name of election commission directive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11469990", "title": "Infy flat forecast trips IT stocks, spooks markets", "text": "BANGALORE: Infosys' stunning declaration that this quarter its revenues will not grow in dollar terms from the $1806-million recorded in Q3 spooked the markets, causing the scrip to dip 8.43% and dragging other tech stocks down.Again, it raised the question whether Thursday morning's \"negative surprise\" was a sectoral issue or a company-specific one, with many veering towards the latter perspective.It's being speculated that Infosys might be having a problem with a key account, and that its largest account (in the banking and financial services space) has, perhaps , de-grown by about 7%.The \"flattish guidance surprise\" overshadowed an otherwise good Q3 performance by Infosys where its dollar revenues grew 14% over the previous year and 3.4% over the previous quarter . Net profit at $458 million was up 15.4% for the year, and 11.4% over Q2. The biggest surprise was the 3-percentage-point rise in operating margins to 31.7%.While the continuing economic crisis in the US and Europe - from where Infosys gets 86% of its revenues - is definitely a factor, the weak Q4 guidance comes on the heels of the company struggling in recent quarters with its earnings.SD Shibulal, the new CEO of the company, attributed the flat Q4 revenue projection to \"the lack of velocity in the business,\" insisting it's a \"reflection of the market situation\" .Food inflation remains in negative zoneNew Delhi: A substantial fall in prices of vegetables, including that of potatoes and onions, led to food inflation slipping to minus 2.90% on December 31 - the second week in a row that it has remained in the negative zone.A happy finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said, \"Food inflation is still negative... There is a declining trend, headline inflation should be 6-7 % by end March.\" The data showing drop in prices of food articles of common man was released on Thursday, less than two weeks before the Reserve Bank of India is set to review its monetary policy , amid expectations of a cut in interest rates.Food inflation, measured by the wholesale price index (WPI), was over 19% in the corresponding week in the previous year.It was minus 3.36% in the preceding week ended December 24,2011.The maximum drop in prices was witnessed in onion which became cheaper by 74.77% year-on-year during the week under review, while potato was down 31.97%. Overall, vegetables became 49.03% cheaper while wheat also fell by 3.35 %.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11468849", "title": "Matanhy quits UGDP, to join BJP soon", "text": "PANAJI: An upset Matanhy Saldanha, on Thursday, quit the primary leadership of the United Goans Democratic Party claiming that the UGDP-Goa Vikas Party alliance has been formed to \"loot the state\". Saldanha, who has served with the regional outfit since 2002, is expected to join the BJP soon. He is still expected to contest the Cortalim seat, as TOI reported earlier, but this time on a saffron ticket.Speaking to TOI, the former tourism minister and eight-time assembly contestant said he was upset with UGDP's functioning. \"The UGDP-GVP alliance is not based on principles and policies, they have come together only to gain power and to loot the state,\" said the retired teacher who was chosen by the BJP-led government in 2004 to replace tourism minister Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco.Pacheco is the supremo of GVPAnother reason for his resignation, said Saldanha, was the disqualification petition filed against him by the UGDP in 2005. The same was for Saldanha allegedly acting against the party's whip to vote against the Manohar Parrikar-led government. Saldanha, who voted in favour of the BJP government, said he did not quit the party sooner as the case was being heard in the high court. He won the case in August 2010.\"The disqualification petition against me was anti-people. They (UGDP) wanted me to support the Congress at that time which is why they filed the petition,\" Saldanha said.Now, \"free to take my decision\", he said of the rumours that he is joining the BJP, \"I have to think about it. I will take a decision in the next two days.\"Highly placed sources in the BJP said Saldanha will join the party soon and is likely to be fielded as the BJP candidate for Cortalim.UGDP secretary general Anacleto Viegas said the party has accepted Saldanha's resignation. \"He (Saldanha) is going in for better prospects and I don't have anything more to say. His leaving will not be a setback for the party,\" said Viegas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "sunam/ malerkotla", "code": "11468329", "title": "Dhindsa says his assets worth Rs. 5.62 crore", "text": "SUNAM/ MALERKOTLA: Punjab's public works department minister Parminder Singh Dhindsa filed his nomination from Sunam assembly constituency on Shiromani Akali Dal ticket on last day for applying for candidacy on Thursday and declared that his various assets were worth Rs 5.62 crore. Dhindsa is seeking the fourth term in state assembly.He had won for the first time in 2000 in a byelection necessitated by the demise of then MLA Bhagwan Dass Arora. Dhindsa repeated the performance in 2002 and 2007 elections from Sunam.F Nisara Khatoon filed her nomination from Malerkotla assembly constituency on the Shiromani Akali Dal ticket. She is the wife of former DGP Izhar Alam. Khatoon declared to have assets amounting to Rs. 39.71 lakh, whereas Alam said he had assets amounting to Rs 72.06 lakh. Their combined assets came to Rs. 1.11 crore. Razia Sultana also filed nomination from Malerkotla. She is the wife of ADGP Mohammad Mustafa. Their combined assets added up to Rs 9 crore.The Alams declared they owned only one house in Malerkotla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11469322", "title": "Thousands queue up for Afghan jobs", "text": "CHENNAI: Hundreds of workers from all over the country have converged on the city where two overseas recruitment agencies have offered to send them to Afghanisatan. They have applied for jobs as security guards, office assistants and machine operators and for work in the IT sector.More than 3,000 Indians are currently working in the war-torn country, according to figures from the ministry of overseas Indian affairs. Some of them are working in IT companies, others in military camps and a large number for projects outsourced to American companies which in turn have outsourced them to companies based in Dubai and Kuwait . These Gulf companies pass on the appointments to Indian companies in Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kochi, Thiruvananthapuram and Madurai.B T Venkatesh, an advocate from Bangalore, said he is fighting for oppressed Indian workers in Afghanistan and Iraq. While many firms are recruiting aspirants for jobs in Iraq by making them believe that there were being employed by companies in the Gulf, several such cases have turned out be cases of human trafficking, he said.\"The job aspirants are taken to Dubai, where they are put up in a house before being put on an aircraft to Basra in Iraq or Kabul in Afghanistan. They are not issued visas or travel documents,\" Venkatesh said.As per rules, he said, job aspirants have to be intimated in advance about possible dangers associated with the work. They should also be paid well. \"American opting for such work are paid more than Asians,\" Venkatesh said. \"Employers exploit Asians because they have no records. Workers are promised wages of $1,000 to $2,000 per month, but are paid just $200. They are made to slog 18 hours a day,\" he said.When TOI spoke to job aspirants in Nungambakkam where interviews are being conducted, they said that the jobs on offer were for general mechanics, engineers, supervisors in general maintenance and lab technicians.Protector of emigrants R Jai Shankar said only 600 emigration clearances had been granted by the Chennai office of the ministry of overseas Indian affairs in the past three years. This proves that there has been a large-scale illegal migration to these Gulf countries, Shankar said.Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh account for the largest number of workers in Iraq and Afghanistan, Venkatesh said. Arun Reddy from Kurnool, said, \"We have been told that the situation is peaceful now. I am desperate for a job as I am the eldest in the family and have two sisters to be married,\" he said. Most applicants from TN are from Thanjavur, Madurai, Theni, Dindigul and Dharmapuri districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11469721", "title": "AUT alleges flaws in appointments Irregularities in appointments: AUT", "text": "TRICHY: The Association of University Teachers, (AUT) Tamil Nadu has alleged irregularities in the appointment of about 33 faculty positions. A total of 29 positions - five professors, five associate professors and 16 assistant professors - out of the 33 were filled in February 2011, while the remaining seven positions had not been filled for want of qualified candidates.The association alleged that in the case of Dr V Jayaraj, selected as an associate professor in the University Informatics Centre, had received his mandatory qualification approval from Bharathidasan University only on September 9, 2006, according to a letter from the university registrar. He got his MPhil in September 1998 and PhD in computer science in August 2009.As per UGC regulations, a minimum of eight years experience with PhD is must for direct recruitment to the post of associate professor, whereas, through the process of Career Advancement Scheme (CAS) a minimum of 12 years of service is required.However, Jayaraj with an experience of only three years and four months (until January 2011, the last date for filing applications) had been appointed as associate professor. Currently, Jayaraj is principal-in-charge of Bharathidasan University's Constituent College at Thiruthuraipoondi with full additional charge.In another case, Dr Joseph Selvin, who was appointed as professor of Bio-Informatics in the university, had only five years and six months of qualified service at the time of appointment, in February 2011. The association said that Selvin had submitted certificates of experience for a span of five-and-a-half years for which period the mandatory qualification approval from the university concerned, had not been obtained. At present, Selvin is the head of the department of Bio-Informatics.AUT president Dr K Pandiyan questioned the appointment of Selvin as professor and the career advancement given to him in 2008 by Bharathidasan University through an RTI application filed before the public information officer (PIO) of the university, on May 2, 2011. Incidentally, Selvin, who was originally appointed as lecturer in the Microbiology department of Bharathidasan University in August 2005, had also worked as lecturer in Malankara Catholic College, Kanyakumari from January 2001 to December 2004, a period that was also effectively calculated to arrive at the requisite service period of 10 years.While the UGC regulation clearly stipulates that service for a period of less than one year ought not to be counted, in the case of Selvin, the university had counted his service at the Institute of Wood Science and Technology, Bangalore for a period of less than six months (from February 2, 2005 to July 31, 2005). Nevertheless, he was placed at a scale of Rs 6,200, but at that time, the scale of pay for a lecturer was Rs 8,000.In the meantime, the registrar of the university, Dr T Ramasamy in a handwritten reply to Pandiyan on May 27, 2011 informed that, \"a four-member committee with Dr Jayakantan, professor and head of Bio-Informatics, Alagappa University, as convenor had been constituted to look into the issue.\" Incidentally, Jayakantan was one of the subject expert panel members of the interview committee that originally selected Dr Selvin who attended the interview through video-conferencing in February 2011. As Pandiyan did not get the findings of the committee, he sent a reminder letter on October 8, 2011 and a subsequent complaint to Tamil Nadu State Information Commission (TNSIC) on October 13, 2011, the day when the university all of a sudden provided information, which did not address the questions that Pandiyan had raised.Meanwhile, the TNSIC has directed the PIO of Bharathidasan University to supply the information without delay before Thursday, failing which the \"PIO is directed to appear before the commission on January 25, 2012.\"The university registrar T Ramaswamy told TOI that the matter was under investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11473277", "title": "Kolaveri Di: Sony seeks trademark", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Viral super hit \"Why this kolaveri di...\" may soon become the first song in India to have its first line trademarked. Why? Perhaps because Sony Music wants to use the world-famous phrase as a brand, and definitely because it wants to stop others from doing it.Sony Music Entertainment India, which recorded the Tamil-English song that has become an international YouTube hit, filed for trademark registration of \"Why this kolaveri di\" last month, a person familiar with the development told ET.Trademark registration under Class 9 and Class 41 will allow Sony to launch products such as compact disks, cassettes and SD cards as well as film and non-film entertainment content and talent discovery programmes branded \"why this kolaveri di\" and, more importantly, restrict others from doing it. \"It is a smart move, a first of its kind in the Indian music industry ,\" says Abhishek Pandurangi , CEO of patents firm Closer 2patents.Amarendra Singh, who heads client services at advertising firm Grey Bangalore, says it's a logical step for Sony to come out with merchandise and line extension to the song once it becomes a brand. \"They could launch lesser known artists in an album titled Kolaveri 2, and the Kolaveri brand will ensure that the album gets sold out,\" he says. It is not clear if Sony Music plans to use \"why this kolaveri di\" as a brand. Company officials refused comment on the subject.Sony Music's trademark documents, signed by its finance and administration director Sumit Chatterjee, were filed in Mumbai in early December. \"Kolaveri di...\" song, written and sung by actor Dhanush for Tamil film '3', is now a case study on how viral marketing can create a cult following as it was watched by millions from all over the world within days of its digital release by Sony Music in the second week of November.While the original song has received a never-before 20 million hits on YouTube, tens of different versions of the song in several languages are coming up everyday from across the globe. \"This song cuts across demographics and psychographics--from the rickshaw wallahs on the street to CEOs, all find the product entertaining,\" says Grey Bangalore's Singh.Trademark lawyers Jatin Trivedi of YJ Trivedi &amp; Co and Samrat Mehta of Mehta Legals say there is rarest possibility that such a trademark has ever been filed in India. Kshitij Malhotra, CEO of Delhibased Inohelp IP, says there are instances of advertisement punch lines, quotes and jingles of television commercials being filed for trademark.For instance, \"Winners don't do different things. They do things differently.\" and \"You Can Win\" are registered trademark quotes of motivational speaker Shiv Khere, he says. Lawyers say develop products around popular song names is a common practice among music brands of Western economies. Entrepreneurs are already looking to gain from the popularity of the song.Ahmedabad-based Havmor Ice Cream has dished out a \"Kolaberi\" flavour ice cream after mixing cola with strawberry and black currant sauce. It is not clear if Sony will appeal against the ice-cream brand, as copyright protection that prohibits commercial use of songs and other creative works by others.In 2008, Warner Brothers , makers of Harry Potter, lost a copyright case to Harinder Kohli who made a Hindi film by the name Hari Puttar . As per a report, Harry Potter is a global brand estimated to be worth $15 billion. A recent E&Y; report values Indian music and entertainment industry at $16.3 billion and forecasts it to grow at a rate of 12% a year to reach $25.8 billion in four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11470039", "title": "Minor crushed to death", "text": "BOKARO: A minor was crushed to death while another person was injured, when a heap of slag fell on them accidentally during unloading from a tractor in dumping yard of Sherawali Iron factory in Balidih Industrial Area on Thursday.The deceased, identified as Sahid Ansari (12), was picking iron from the slag scrap with his friends, including another victim, Rashid Ansari (13), when the incident occurred. They are residents of a nearby village situated in the locality. Children usually visit the dumping yard to collect iron from the slag, which is dumped by the factory.Balidih police said, \"Children were picking iron when a tractor loaded with slag arrived in the dumping yard. They ran to the tractor to watch unloading of the slag and were standing near it when suddenly the slag fell on the duo.\"Seeing them crushed under slag, the kids raised an alarm and local residents ran to save them. But unfortunately, Sahid died on the spot, while Rashid was rushed to hospital in a critical condition. \"We are inquiring into the matter,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11467108", "title": "More patients to benefit by Mar", "text": "NOIDA: The city's first government multispecialty hospital is finally due to be completed in March this year after numerous delays. According to sources, 85 per cent of the BR Ambedkar hospital has been constructed and once fully completed it will have 320 beds for patients. The hospital has been operating for months with just 100 beds, which falls far short of the average number of patients that seek admission daily. The hospital will also have residential quarters for doctors in an effort to solve the problem of staffing that is being faced since its inception.The past year saw the launch of the much-needed multispecialty hospital in the city in August, 2011. But ever since then, the hospital has been plagued by a series of problems mostly related to lack of staffing and space combined with the ever-increasing pressure of the thousands of patients who come in for treatment every day. The lack of affordable alternatives for quality healthcare in the city has meant that the district hospital sees more than 2,000 patients every day. \"Once completed, the hospital will have 320 beds which will definitely help us deal with the current rush of patients coming in,\" said Meena Mishra, CMS, District Hospital.The hospital has successfully revolutionized healthcare in the district. It has nine specialized wings, emergency care, a special cell for adolescent health and an OPD. It also has a unique neurological examination centre for children to assess and detect neurological-impairments at an early age. The hospital's blood bank is also due to become operation by the end of this month. Once operational the bank will not only cater to patients from Noida, but also Delhi, Gurgaon, Faridabad, Ghaziabad and Meerut.According to Noida Authority officials, the hospital will become fully operational only after all the licenses are obtained for the equipment after the construction finishes. \"The construction work in the hospital will end in the hospital by the end of March. However, the licenses for the equipment might take a little more time,\" said an official of Noida Authority.\"Accommodation for the hospital's staff is deemed as must as, in many cases, talented doctors are unable to find boarding in the city. The residential quarters coming up in the complex will help solve that problem,\" admitted an official of the Noida Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "11470146", "title": "Fire scare at Birbhum hospital", "text": "SURI: Forty- five babies at the Birbhum district hospital had a narrow escape after smoke was spotted in the corridor only 15 feet away from the child care unit on Thursday. Around 2pm, a woman found smoke emitting from an electric panel box and raised an alarm.The hospital staff immediately got into action. While some shifted the babies and their mothers to other wards, others switched off the main connection. Fire tenders were also summoned.The hospital superintendent Manabendra Ghosh said, \"Early alert helped avert the disaster.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11468192", "title": "Transport PSUs may tap land assets to keep afloat", "text": "KOLKATA: With state subsidy slashed by 10% and salaries of the employees pending since December, the five ailing state transport corporations are now desperately trying to tap unused land held by them in a bid to make up for the deficit.The option is being explored after the corporations failed to submit a valuation action plan to the government. Moreover, chief minister Mamata Banerjee - who is also looking after transport - has called a meeting of all chairpersons and managing directors of the ailing corporations on January 25, after which she is likely to make an announcement on their future.Chances are that the government may bring at least three corporations namely CSTC, CTC and West Bengal Surface Transport Corporation under one umbrella as DFID had suggested. The South Bengal State Transport Corporation is the only corporation which has sufficient funds to maintain its employees for the time being.\"We just can't survive on government subsidy. If privately run transport bodies can make profit despite odds, we definitely can post a much bigger profit considering our resources,\" said CTC chairman Shantilal Jain. The CTC has the worst man-per-vehicle ratio with a total of 1,009 employees absorbed in the corporation without concurrence of the finance department during the Left Front regime.According to CTC officials, the initial plan was to use a part of Tollygunge tram depot for commercial activities. It would have been a source of permanent income for the ailing PSU. But Jain said it is up to the government to decide which depot can be used for commercial activities. He said that CTC officials can only cite ways and means for financial recovery of CTC.\"One of the plans which sounded feasible and interesting to me is to run a luxury air-conditioned tram for heritage trips around the city. The fare, of course, would be much higher in these premier segments so that we can earn a good profit without revising the regular fare. This kind of cross-subsidy is important,\" said Jain.The CSTC managing director was also asked to recast the plan. \"Commercial utilization of property is, of course, a way. But I have asked my officers to be a little more imaginative so that new ways of earning can be charted out. Let's see how fast we can do that,\" said CSTC chairman and transport department special secretary Tarapada Majhi.SBSTC chairman Tamonash Ghosh said, \"We are trying to rationalize routes so that our buses run only on profitable ones. In the last few years, our expenditure has risen astronomically but our income remained stagnant. The subsidy has also become a bad habit. The agency could never become self sufficient. We are also thinking of better commercial utilization of depots we have at Digha, Titagarh and Belgharia.\"PSUs have also been asked to prepare their own budgets for the next financial year and a viability chart for bus routes. If required, some routes may be terminated and their timing changed. The state government spends Rs 50 crore a month as subsidy to keep them afloat. Another issue on which the government made its stand clear, say officials, was that the salary would be provided only for genuine employees and not those for whom the state gave no sanction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "11470026", "title": "Students on road to protest against suspension of 3 para-teachers", "text": "GARHWA: Hundreds of boys and girls of upgraded Meral Middle School of the district protested in front of Garhwa collectorate for revoking suspension order of three para-teachers of the school.The students holding placards in their hands in favour of their teachers gathered at the collectorate. They submitted a memorandum to the deputy commissioner (DC) demanding reinstatement of the teachers who have been suspended by former director of school education Shiv Prasad Das. It was alleged in the memorandum that former DSE had secretly suspended three para-teachers of upgraded Meral Middle School without serving any show-cause notice to them.A delegation of students also called on DC Rajendra Pratap Sinha demanding immediate reinstatement of the suspended teachers so that teaching in the school is not affected.Sinha told the delegation that he would initiate an inquiry into the matter.\"The newly posted DSE, Jai Govind Singh, will be entrusted to conduct the inquiry into the matter,\" he said.The education department officials have expressed astonishment over students' activity who instead of attending their schools reached the collectorate. They said a show-cause notice would be served against the headmaster of concerned school in this connection.Moreover, they said a stern action would be initiated against those making the students a mouthpiece into departmental action, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469206", "title": "Sankranti sarees and jewellery have city touch", "text": "NAGPUR: Black sarees for the new bride are de rigueur on Sankranti. How many of us know that the special white colour patterns on the saree, also known as khadi work, is a Nagpur speciality? The printers of this dying art reside only here.Ashutosh Mahindrakar, fourth generation of a family that runs Mahindrakar &amp; Sons, a well-known saree shop in third lane of the crowded Sitabuldi market says his family had been keeping this tradition alive since the time of Bhonsales. \"As wearing black on a festival does not go down very well with women, this tradition of making tiny designs in white with a khadi paste came into vogue,\" he says. \"Over generations, the number of people engaged in this art has declined. Today there are just two or three families in the city doing this work. Since I am a traditionalist, I am trying my best to promote and preserve it,\" he adds.There are just three traditional patterns printed all over the saree and the pallu. The more ornamental jhumka, the traditional suryaphool and the regular halwa patterns are transferred on the saree using wooden blocks. \"One reason why this art is diminishing is the fact that wooden block printing is an expensive and difficult format. The other is that the formula for making white khadi paste was not completely handed over by the previous generations. We are doing some research to find out what all goes in to get the right mix,\" Mahindrakar says.When the city gears up for the winter session of the legislature, the demand for these sarees too gathers momentum. \"During this time people from all over the state come to Nagpur. As Sankranti is just a month away, they take away some of these sarees for their families or friends,\" he informs.The khadi work is preferably done on cotton sarees as on other materials it does not last. But Mahindrakar says he receives requests from customers to print on silk or other materials too. \"A simple cotton sari with khadi work will cost Rs 350 or more but if there is a request to do the work on other material, the price could vary,\" he says.The matching jewellery or halwa chi dagine, which the newly wed wears along with the black sari too are an art unique to the city. This jewellery is made of tiny sugar balls prepared painstakingly by dry roasting seeds of sesame, khus khus and sabudana and coating them with sugar.Surekha Deshpande and her friends are making sure that the young ladies celebrating their first Sankrant get it all. \"We design waist belt, armulets, necklace, bangles and even a veni to be worn in the hair with these sugar balls. We make around 500 complete sets in a season. Our stuff is made to order and this jewellery, like the sarees, is even sent abroad,\" says Surkeha who operates out of Mata Mandir premises in Dharampeth.\"Designs are cut on century paper on which a golden paper sheet is pasted. Then we stick with glue halwa all these sugar balls of different shapes and sizes made from edible stuff to make ornate designs. It takes around two to three hours to complete a single piece of jewellery. A set of dagine that includes pieces worn around the neck, waist and upper arms could cost anything between Rs 600 to Rs 1500 depending upon the number of items,\" she adds.Describing the significance of such an attire, Jayshree Phuke, a mother-in-law and also director of a nursery school, says, \"the first year of a bride at her in-laws place is special and these efforts add to the celebrations. Black is the chosen colour as it absorbs heat and keeps one warm during this winter month. As til has great significance on Sankrant, it is also used for making halwa for sticking on the jewellery.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11471581", "title": "Obama, Netanyahu discuss Israel-Palestine talks, Iran crisis", "text": "Washington: US President Barack Obama has called the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to discuss the progress in recent Israel-Palestine peace talks as well as the West's continuing standoff with Iran over its nuclear programme.As part of their regular communication and cooperation on bilateral and regional issues, Obama yesterday spoke with Netanyahu, the White House said, adding that they reviewed recent meetings between Israeli and Palestinian negotiators in Amman .Obama reaffirmed his commitment to the goal of a comprehensive and lasting peace in the region, it said.The two leaders also discussed recent Iran-related developments, including the international community's efforts to hold Iran accountable for its failures to meet its international obligations, the White House said.Obama reiterated his unshakable commitment to Israel's security.\"The President and the Prime Minister promised to stay in touch in the coming weeks on these and other issues of mutual concern,\" it said.At a news conference, State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said the US is intensively involved with both sides.\"The President himself spoke to Prime Minister Netanyahu today as the White House has read out, including on this subject. So we are doing our best to play our role, to encourage this effort,\" she said.\"The Jordanians are obviously playing a vital role. But what's most important is that in that room, the parties are talking to each other. And it's also frankly a good thing that they're talking to each other without having to have all of us sit with them,\" Nuland said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11469457", "title": "Andaman police start probe into Jarawa video", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Andaman police registering a case against unknown persons in connection with the video of semi-naked Jarawa tribals being made to dance in return for food, the Centre on Thursday said it had asked the Union Territory administration to quickly apprehend the videographer and the tour operator concerned and interrogate them.Asked about the probe, home minister P Chidambaram said, \"Now we have got a copy of the video, we have subjected that video to an analysis. It appears that the particular video was shot, I am not talking about any other video, may be there is more than one... that particular video we have been able to date it and its about 3-4 years ago.\"He said instructions had been issued to the Andaman &amp; Nicobar administration to quickly apprehend the videographer and the tour operator concerned. \"Whatever policy has been adopted by the Andaman and Nicobar administration is in place. I think what happened was a violation of that policy,\" Chidambaram said.A massive hunt has, meanwhile, been launched by the UT administration to nab the persons responsible for videographing semi-naked Jarawa tribal women dancing in front of tourists. The A&N; Police have formed a special team led by a deputy superintendent of police which will seek help of cyber cell of central agencies in cracking the computer from where it was hosted.The issue sparked a controversy when London-based newspaper 'Observor' reported the alleged incident and also uploaded a video.The BJP, meanwhile, said the Jarawas and other tribes of Andaman and Nicobar Islands should be included in the mainstream of development and should not be left to lead primitive lives.BJP spokesperson Prakash Javdekar said denying anyone the right to come into the mainstream was wrong. \"The government should review its policy on the tribes, they should try to understand their aspiration,\" he said.\"You cannot deny them the right to development, and to become a part of the mainstream. I have seen the Jarawas coming to the road, to ambulances and getting medical aid,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469543", "title": "Log hut at Nagzira is now an office", "text": "NAGPUR: It is sad news for wildlife lovers. The log hut situated inside Nagzira wildlife sanctuary would no longer be available to them. It would now only serve forest officials having been converted into a camp office five days ago.The log hut adjoining the lake is completely made of bamboo and was inaugurated for tourists by late deputy chief minister of Maharashtra Nashikrao Tirpude in 1970. It continued to fascinate visitors for over 40 years due to its strategic location. Its two suites will now be utilised as camp office of Nagzira by conservator of forests (CF) M Srinivasa Reddy.\"Even if you had no luck with sightings, the pleasant view from the log hut itself offered ample consolation. Also herbivores, and at times carnivores, also could be sighted from the hut itself,\" said Gopalrao Thosar, veteran conservationist and once a regular visitor to Nagzira.Reddy said he had submitted a proposal to additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) A K Saxena and five days ago it was approved.\"Being inside core area, there is no electricity at log hut and the tourists used to sit idle at night. The same time can be utilised by us to do official and productive work while on tour of the park. Besides, a stay in the camp office will mean better control over staff and management,\" Reddy said.\"We are installing solar-based power system at the log hut soon,\" Reddy added.The Nilay guest house nearby having four suites will continue to be available for visitors for the present. Besides, there are eight holiday homes, four suites each at Lata Kunj and Madhu Kunj. There are also dormitory accommodation for eight women and 20 men.\"We are installing 10 tents at Pitezari. They are being handed over village to eco-development committee (EDC),\" said Reddy. He agreed tourists would now not be able to enjoy Nagzira from log hut but said the loss will be made up by opening guest house at Pitezari, which is ready. Even in Tadoba, VIP guest house has been converted into a camp office.Meanwhile, there are plans to boost tourism in Navegaon National Park where tourism is confined only to the lake and not many visitors enter the park. \"In a bid to boost tourism, we are opening a new 20 km route from Dhabe Paoni that would connect directly to the park. Around 10 km road of this new route is ready,\" said Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "11468124", "title": "Rampurhat principal names TMCP in FIR", "text": "SURI: The principal of Rampurhat College has filed an FIR at Rampurhat police station against Trinamool Chhatra Parishad supporters. The principal, Shibashis Bandyopadhyay, fell ill in his chamber on Wednesday following agitation by a group of students.Bandyopadhyay had to be admitted to a Rampurhat hospital, from where he was discharged on Wednesday night.He, however, didn't name any particular person in the FIR. \"It is not possible for me to identify the youth. They themselves claimed that they were TMCP members. I have mentioned that in my complaint. I think police will be able to find that out from the photographs published in newspapers. It is their job to identify them.\"The principal said he was feeling insecure following the incident. \"I will request the district administration to arrange for enough security for me,\" he said.Reacting to the allegation raised by some senior TMC leaders in Kolkata on Wednesday that the principal was acting in this manner to avoid inquiry, Bandyopadhyay said: \"Though the doctors advised me to take rest, I will join my duty on Friday and meet the university inspection team. I am not afraid to face them.\"No arrest, however, was made till Thursday evening. Birbhum additional superintendent of police Farhat Abbas said: \"On the basis of the complaint, our officers have already started investigation. Senior officers had talked to the principal. We shall provide him with security. Forces will be deployed on the college campus on Friday.\"SFI took out a rally in Rampurhat to condemn the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "11468873", "title": "Better ties will lead to greater good: Hasina", "text": "AGARTALA: The ceremony where Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina was conferred with an Honorary Diploma in Literature was attended by her younger sister Sheikh Rehana and foreign minister Dipu Moni. The Indian delegation included Union HRD Minister Kapil Sibal , Tripura Governor D Y Patil and chief minister Manik Sarkar.Later in the afternoon, Hasina attended a grand civic reception organised by Agartala Municipal Council at Assam Rifles ground. The reception was overwhelming as more 25,000 people from various parts of the state turned up to greet the daughter of Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib.Reiterating Tripura's selfless contribution for her country's birth, Hasina emphasised on the need for further strengthening bilateral ties between India and Bangladesh. \"I have noticed our main problem - in India, Bangladesh, Nepal and Bhutan - is poverty. We must eradicate poverty, and for that we have to work together. We have decided to open our Chittagong and Mongla ports for India. In fact any neighbor can use our ports\", she said.The PM also said that Bangladesh was keen to invest in the under-construction 726-MW Palatana Project in Udaipur. She also said that starved Bangladesh is eager to import electricity from the project. Incidentally, Palatana is also a spot where a Mukti Yuddha camp was once located.On regional cooperation Hasina said that Bangladesh and India \"must work, grow and prosper together\". Stressing on the need for better infrastructures -- road connectivity, railways and water-way linkages - and people-to-people contact, she said: \"Although national efforts are important, it is not possible to eliminate poverty without regional prosperity.\"In his concluding note, Tripura chief minister Manik Sarkar expressed gratitude to Hasina and her government for allowing their Ashuganj port to be used for transportation of heavy machineries to Palatana project and then said the matter relating power share and investments in the project could be discussed with the Union government. \"We will be extremely happy if both India and Bangladesh could reach an agreement on power supply to Bangladesh from Palatana\", he said in his speech.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11468946", "title": "All-women meet discusses Shariah in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The large hall at New College, Royapettah, was a sea of burqa-clad women on Thursday, all participating in a Shariah (Islamic law) conference. Over 5,000 women were packed into the hall to listen to the orators. They had one thing in common - they wanted to know what the Shariah had to say on women's rights.This was the first time that Chennai hosted a South India Shariah convention exclusively for women. \"This will create embolden women to come forward and ask questions,\" said Yusra, a member of the audience who runs an Islamic centre. \"I have often observed that in a mixed gathering, it's the Muslim men who dominate a debate while the women are relegated to the background.\"The convention dealt with a myriad of issues that concern Muslim women today, from domestic issues and marital problems to health and hygiene. For all their goodwill though, much debate arose among the Muslims of Chennai over the panel of speakers, a majority of whom were male.\"If they are having all-women convention, which is a good idea, why invite so many male speakers for the panel?\" asked A Faizur Rahman, secretary general for the Forum for Promotion of Moderate Thought Among Muslims. The male speakers were all from All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB).Nikhath Suhail, one of speakers and assistant secretary for AHI Academy for Women, pointed out that women are very thinly represented in AIMPLB. \"Parliament is gunning for 33% reservation for women. The board also needs greater representation of women,\" she told the audience. She also spoke on the much debated triple talaq. \"One cannot get divorced by simply uttering talaq thrice,\" she said. \"What the Quran really says is that a couple can only get divorced by mutual agreement, where each declaration of talaq is followed by a long waiting period in which the couple try to resolve their conflicts.\"Nikhath also added that there has been a spike in the divorce rate in the Muslim community in the past few years due to intolerance and unwillingness to compromise. \"At the same time, one cannot put up with abuse in a marriage,\" she said. Another burning issue, she said, is that of alimony. \"Islamic laws dictate that when a husband and wife separate, the woman must be paid maintenance by the husband. However, that is often violated and the women and children are left to fend for themselves.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11469209", "title": "Civic chief gets three-month extension", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-month extension to retiring municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar appears to be a mere formality as chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has already submitted a comprehensive proposal to the Centre for the purpose.\"Since the election process for the BMC polls was declared a week ago, it was felt that for continuity of administration, extension should be granted to Subodh Kumar. Accordingly, a proposal justifying the extension to the municipal commissioner has been submitted to the Centre. We expect the approval in a day or two,'' a senior bureaucrat told TOI on Thursday.Subodh Kumar, a trusted bureaucrat of Chavan and an IAS officer of the 1977 batch, is due to retire on January 31.\"No doubt there is no precedent of granting extension to the municipal commissioner, but it was felt that in view of the impending civic polls, he should be given three months' extension,'' he said.As civic chief, Subodh Kumar was instrumental in drafting the much delayed development control rules, a comprehensive report on coastal road policy and development plan garden and market and new lease policy for BMC lands, too, is on the cards.In the event that Chavan's proposal is accepted, which is now a formality, Subodh Kumar will be the first civic chief to get an extension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11470259", "title": "Election cell at commissionerate", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police have set up a special election cell at the commissionerate with four officers and 10 policemen who will collect data and keep a close watch on political parties and their candidates.Training for policemen in 29 police stations about their duties during the elections will start soon. \"They will be trained about the code of conduct and election process,\" deputy commissioner of police (special branch) Makarand Ranade said.The special cell will liaison with nodal election officials of the Pune Municipal Corporation and Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation.\"Inspector GVNikam hasbeen appointed as the nodal officer for Pune while inspector Sudhir Aspat will be incharge of the cell for PCMC,\" Ranade said.The cell will also look after the bandobast during civic polls. \"It will cater to requisition of the vehicles and accommodation of the policemen on election duty,\" Ranade said.The number of polling booths will double this time. \"In PMC areas, there will be 3,100 booths while PCMC areas will have 650. Once the lists of the booths from PMC and PCMC, we will decide on additional force for the elections,\" Ranade said.No permission for public rally will be given at the main chowks. \"Political parties can hold meetings at private grounds. We will give them permission after a no-objection certificate is obtained from the owners. The in-charge of the police station will grant permission for the rallies in their respective jurisdictions,\" Ranade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11470279", "title": "136 commercial buildings could soon be sealed for violations", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) is gearing up to effect yet another clampdown on illegal commercial buildings in the city.Highly placed sources said 136 unauthorized structures had been identified for sealing in the second phase. Those shortlisted for immediate action had major structural violations.CMDA officials will soon survey multi-storeyed commercial buildings in Adyar, Tiruvanmiyur, Anna Nagar 2nd Avenue and Shanti Colony.In a phased manner, action would be taken against all illegal structures whose applications for regularizing violations had been rejected, said an official. It is estimated that there are more than 1.5 lakh unauthorized buildings in the city, and a sizeable number are commercial structures.In the wake of the Madras high court pulling up CMDA and Chennai Corporation officials for not taking action on illegal structures, the regulatory body had sealed 25 buildings in T Nagar on October 31, 2011. They were opened earlier this week after the Supreme Court gave them a six-week reprieve.Since a shortage of officials is hampering the drive against unauthorized structures as well as monitoring of new constructions, the high-level monitoring committee of the CMDA, at a recent meeting, suggested that the agency take immediate steps to recruit more manpower.Staff shortage a problemA senior CMDA official said, \"Shortage of staff has been a serious problem for us. It has aggravated after the expansion of the city. Many applications for building plan approval and completion certificates are pending in our office. There are also instances of officials processing applications mechanically. They do not get adequate time to apply their minds.\" He said every government agency concerned and local body should assume the responsibility of reining in building violations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11469350", "title": "HC reserves verdict on Congress candidate's criminal appeal", "text": "LUCKNOW: Justice Ajay Lamba of the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Thursday reserved verdict on the criminal appeal filed by Dilip Kumar Verma, Congress candidate from Nanpara assembly constituency.Though the nomination for the first phase of assembly election began on Thursday, Verma is awaiting a clean chit from the court in order to contest the assembly from Nanpara.A Bahraich court had sentenced him to maximum five years' jail term for offences under IPC, Arms Act and SC/ST Act. The trial court had convicted Dilip and Kuldip Verma for assaulting a police constable Shiv Sahay and a homeguard Ram Bahadur Singh in full public view.Verma's lawyer Nagendra Mohan argued that since a police officer to the rank of sub-inspector had investigated the matter, the conviction under SC/ST Act does not sustain. He also contended that since the appellants had not used the weapons, the offences under Arms Act were also not established. It is unnatural that two cops armed with official weapons could be assaulted without any offering any resistance, argued the lawyer.Additional government advocate Rajendra Kumar Dwivedi vehemently opposed the appeal and said that the apex court held that an investigation conducted by an inferior officer would not vitiate the judgement rendered by the trial court. \"If the weapons are put on chest to threaten the persons, it cannot be said that the weapon is not used. In fact it is misused,\" argued Dwivedi.Dilip carries a long criminal history of seven cases including murder and attempt to murder registered in different police stations of Bahraich. The investigating officer had collected the said antecedent and cited in the case diary.Dilip is also facing trial in a Bahraich court relating to attempted murder in which he along with his supporters had attacked upon a police station and assaulted police officers, when he was a MLA of the Samajwadi Party in 2004, said Dwivedi stressing that the appellants did not deserve to be acquitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11467854", "title": "FB page out, MC talks of online grievance cell", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After the failure of the Facebook page which lacked a feedback system, the newly formed Chandigarh municipal corporation is mulling over starting an online grievance cell.In a recent meeting held between mayor, senior deputy mayor, deputy mayor and MC officials, public representatives told officials to examine the issue after consulting either private or government agencies and bring an agenda to start the system.While discussing the issue in the meeting, newly elected deputy mayor Satish Kainth pointed out that online grievances system is running very well in some neighbouring states. These states are too large in areas as compared to the city and therefore have hired private companies to run the system, but in Chandigarh MC these things can be run in better manner by government employees if authorities want to make the system work, he added.Kainth said, \"Online grievance system is basic requirement of any city these days. This system will enable residents to approach authorities in a speedy manner to get their problems solved.\"At present, there is only one employee dedicated to taking calls related to public grievances during working hours on phone. After compilation, he sends these complaints to the concerned department, where normally these get dumped by the employees. Also, it has been observed that there are many departments with the administration which are still unknown to the common man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11474490", "title": "Amid peace talks, fight with Taliban will continue: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States would continue with its military campaign in Afghanistan along with the peace negotiations with Taliban leaders, the White House has said ahead of the important visit of its top envoy Marc Grossman to the country.\"You have to have a political solution at some point, and a political settlement is essential here.But it coexists with our military campaign,\" the White House Press Secretary, Jay Carney, told reporters at his daily news conference on Thursday.\"It is in fact our military campaign that has set the conditions for initial reconciliation discussions that we hope will begin taking place.But to be clear, we will continue to energetically prosecute the military campaign as we pursue this political effort,\" he said responding to questions on this issue.Defining America's role in this, Carney said, it is to have confidence-building measures, that would allow both Afghan parties -- the government and the Taliban -- to demonstrate their seriousness in pursuing the process and eventually begin negotiating.\"But the reconciliation process has to be between the Afghan government and the Taliban. We are helping facilitate that, but we are supporting an Afghan-led process,\" Carney said.Reconciliation, he said, is contingent upon some very important criteria, including laying down arms; renouncing al-Qaida; abiding by the Afghan constitution, including its provisions for minority rights and women's rights.\"So it is not without conditions that this reconciliation process would take place,\" he noted.Carney said United States of America did not send military forces under President George W Bush to Afghanistan because the Taliban was in power.\"The Taliban had been in power. The US invaded Afghanistan because attacks were launched against the United States by al-Qaida, located in Afghanistan ...and that's why we went in,\" he said.The America's Afghanistan policy is to disrupt, dismantle and ultimately defeat al-Qaida, Carney stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11469774", "title": "Government seeks to play down trip, says will return today", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari flew out on a surprise trip to Dubai on Thursday. Although it was described as a one-day private visit, his sudden disappearance at a time of governmentmilitary stand-off triggered by memogate fuelled speculation that he may not return.Zardari's unexpected departure forced the foreign office to clarify that the president will return to Islamabad on Friday. \"President Zardari has arrived in Dubai on a private visit and will return tomorrow ,\" said foreign office spokesman Abdul Basit. Top PPP leaders said Zardari's visit was unconnected to the current crisis.Another senior PPP member said Zardari is in Dubai for a wedding.Tension between the civilian government and the military has been escalating ever since the memogate scandal surrounding a written note to Washington from ex-US envoy Hussain Haqqani, seeking America's help in preventing an army take-over .The main opposition Pakistan Muslim League(N) leader Nawaz Sharif, who brought the memo scandal to the supreme court's notice, is learnt to have told his supporters that there is no justification for this government to continue. \"There's no justification for this government to remain in power,\" Sharif is learnt to have said.The military publicly rebuked PM Yousaf Raza Gilani on Wednesday, warning of \"potentially grievous consequences\" after he criticized military leaders in a media interview . Gilani accused the military of acting unconstitutionally on the \"memogate\" scandal by submitting replies in the apex court without government's approval.The crisis deepened when Gilani fired defence secretary, the country's top military bureaucrat , for unspecified \"gross misconduct and illegal action\" . Last month, Gilani said conspirators were plotting to bring down his government without specifically blaming the military.His government is also on a collision course with the judiciary , which wants to reopen old corruption cases against president Zardari and some of his cronies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11468883", "title": "Bihar woman ends life in Chennai lodge", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old woman from Bihar was found dead in a lodge at Elephant Gate on Thursday. Police said the woman, Reena Kumari, hanged herself in front of her two children while her husband had gone to withdraw money from an ATM.When he returned, he heard the children crying and found the body hanging from the ceiling fan, police said. Her husband Khan Pratap Singh called the lodge manager and the police.The body was sent to the government general hospital for autopsy. Reena, who is married to Singh, reportedly had an affair with her neighbour Ashok Patel (20) in Bihar. The two eloped and went to Trichy where Patel was working in a timber sawmill, police said.A week later, Reena's husband and Patel's family tracked the duo to Trichy. Patel's family took him back to Bihar, leaving her alone in the house they had rented. Reena's husband took her to Elephant Gate. Police said Kumari apologised to her husband but was depressed by the turn of events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11469203", "title": "Schools told to start admissions in May", "text": "CHENNAI: Parents can finally heave a sigh of relief. The school education department has directed the schools to start the admission process in May putting an end to the confusion.The department has also directed schools to reserve about 25% of seats in LKG for students from disadvantaged and weaker sections of society. The joint director of matriculation schools handed out circulars and a copy of the government order detailing the instructions at a meeting of school heads on Thursday.School heads, however, said that they would make a representation requesting the department to allow them to reserve 25% of the seats in May, while finishing admissions for the remaining 75% now. \"We are clear about reserving 25% of the seats for children from poor socio-economic backgrounds. But we will face a lot of administrative difficulties if we start the admission process for the remaining 75% of the seats in May,\" said principal and correspondent of Zion Group of Schools N Vijayan.Schools said that even printers, some as far as Sivakasi, preferred to take the order for school stationery materials three months in advance and most parents would feel more at ease if their child gets a seat before the summer vacation. With teachers also away during summer vacations, schools will be short-staffed to handle the admission process. \"Starting the admission process for the 25% seats in May makes sense as it will give parents time to get the required documents, including income, caste or medical certificates,\" said R J Bhuvanesh CEO of Kaligi Ranganathan Montfort Group of Schools.Schools also expressed apprehension over the fact that the government had not mentioned how and when the fee for students admitted in the 25% reserved seats would be reimbursed. \"Unless the reimbursement is done in a week or month, we will not be able to pay salaries to teachers and will not be able to retain them,\" said a school head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468134", "title": "Shelters: Court orders in deep freeze", "text": "NEW DELHI: Away from the warm glow of fog lights on Ring Road, a dirty stairway descends to the squalid and cold Yamuna Bazaar Community Centre near Kashmere Gate ISBT. Until a few months ago, there was a night shelter for the poor here, but at the height of winter, it is locked for repairs.Across the ISBT, in the Ganda Nullah area of Mori Gate, another designated shelter is also shut for repairs. When chief minister Sheila Dikshit confidently told the Delhi assembly on Thursday that there were 136 night shelters were taking care of for the city's pavement dwellers, she probably wasn't aware that two of the only 64 all-weather shelters were shut. While she claimed there were not enough takers for shelters, TOI found the seven makeshift sheds along Yamuna Pushta packed and many homeless left out in the cold.NEW DELHI: In a city with only 64 all- weather shelters, the shutting down of two for repairs seems like a mockery of court directives. Repeated orders from the Supreme Court and Delhi High Court to urgently provide a roof to the homeless have not made much of a difference. Just 50 metres from Yamuna Bazaar, men huddled near tea stalls or burnt garbage in dirty corners of the footpath to beat the chill.Sweater-less children curled up on wooden benches in tired sleep. The men hung on to their last cups of tea, bracing for the night ahead. Some of them had stayed at the Yamuna Bazaar shelter last winter. \"Yeh rain basera kab khulega (when will this shelter open),\" 45-year-old Raja, a labourer, asked this correspondent as he searched for a safe place on the pavement.Sunil, 26, who forages for food and alms at temples, hoped the shelter would open soon. He, like many other homeless around him, had no idea about the seven temporary shelters at Yamuna Pushta across the road. Even those who knew said they chose to stay put for fear of being robbed by the other occupants of those shelters. Many more were loath to move as they had failed to find space at the shelters last winter. Social workers told TOI that all seven temporary shelters are packed every night and the government needs to not only create awareness about them but also build more shelters. Even the CM conceded the second point in her speech on Thursday.About the locked shelters, officials of Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board (DUSIB), the agency in charge of slums and shelters, said both would open by Monday after MCD finished repairs. Interestingly, DUSIB records show the city has 132 shelters, as against the CM's claim of 136 in the assembly. The two closed shelters were run by the NGO Indo Global Social Service Society till October last year. Indu Prakash Singh from the NGO said the facilities were handed over to MCD due to their dilapidated condition. \"We told both MCD and DUSIB about the need for repairs many times.Finally, it became impossible to run these shelters and we surrendered these to DUSIB,\" Singh said. DUSIB officials said MCD had begun repairs only a month ago despite many reminders. The repairs cover provision of drinking water, functional toilets and plugging leakages in the first floor premises of the building labelled as a community hall in Yamuna Bazaar. The Mori Gate building has broken windows, water supply and toilets. DUSIB claims MCD has assured it that the repairs will be completed in the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "dammannapet (warangal)", "code": "11468705", "title": "Cop\u2019s death: Parents say it\u2019s murder", "text": "DAMMANNAPET (WARANGAL): Malladi Narsamma says she would not rest till her daughter gets justice. \"If we do not get justice from the State Human Rights Commission, we would not hesitate to approach the AP High Court,\" she said sitting in her small house at Dammannapet village in Wardhannapet mandal.She demanded a CID inquiry into the death of her daughter, Malladi Rajini, 22. Rajini was found dead in mysterious circumstances at her house in the police quarters at Jangaon on December 5 last year. Rajini was a constable with the Jangaon urban police station.While police filed a case of suicide, Rajini's family and rights activists said she was raped and murdered by her colleagues. Narsamma alleged that circle inspector Jitender Reddy committed the crime with the help of his gunmen, Venkat and Harikrishna. She also alleged that rural police station home guard Srinivas had a hand in her daughter's murder.Narsamma alleged that two police personnel, Krishna Naik and Aruna, had threatened Rajini with dire consequences when the latter refused to yield to the carnal desires of the CI. Rajini was found hanging from a ceiling fan on the morning of December 5. \"By the time we arrived, her body was shifted to hospital for an autopsy. Why were the cops in a hurry to remove the body and perform post-mortem,\" questioned Narsaiah, father of Rajini.He said the entire police machinery conspired in projecting Rajini's death as suicide 'out of frustration'. A 2009 batch constable, Rajini had worked with the Jangaon PS for two years before her death. \"The poor girl was raped and later killed by the cops. There were 'struggle' marks on her body. She was physically tortured,\" alleged Atyacharala Nirodhaka Committee member Revati.Narsaiah, who is a marginal farmer, said they would wait for the SHRC report. Following a complaint from the Malladi couple, SHRC has ordered the state DGP to file a report on the circumstances leading to the incident. \"Rajini was the sole breadwinner of our family. Our dreams have been shattered. Fate has played a cruel joke on us,\" rued Narsamma, crying inconsolably.Sources said the CI had connections with the district political leadership and despite complaints against his behaviour, no action has been taken till now. Rajini's parents said the CI should be suspended till the enquiry is over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11469630", "title": "Thousands form human chain for mediacal college at Chandrapur", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Yet another massive agitation was staged on Thursday to press the demand for setting up government medical college in Chandrapur. Thousands of students, school teachers, social activists, traders, doctors and senior citizens joined hands in the protest. People formed a two kilometre long human chain along the main roads in the town to express solidarity with the cause.Congress leader and ex-MP Naresh Puglia had called upon the people for active participation in the agitation. Schools and colleges along with several social, trader and religious organizations responded positively to the call. Thousands of students guided by their teachers gathered along the main roads and formed a human chain. Hundreds of citizens, including doctors associated with local unit of Indian Medical Association, traders attached to Chemists and Druggists Association and Chamber of Commerce, members of Dawoodi Bohra community and Maheshwari Yuvak Mandal and even senior citizens joined the human chain.The human chain extended from local Gandhi Chowk to Old Warora Naka Square, a stretch of over two kilometre. Agitators shouted slogans demanding medical college and flaying the alleged betrayal of government over allocation of medical college. Activists of Congress and its frontal organizations led the agitation under the leadership of Puglia. He said that the agitation was successful thanks to active participation of people from all walks of life. He said he would take the matter to Sonia Gandhi and seek her help in allotment of medical college.Shiv Sena calls it a stuntPolitics is hot over the issue of denial of medical college to Chandrapur. Shiv Sena on Thursday took a dig at Congress on human chain agitation, terming it as a political stunt to take advantage in the forthcoming zilla parishad and municipal corporation elections.Sena co-contact chief Ramesh Tiwari also slammed the education institutes for using students for political agitations. He said that the institutes did not seek permission from the education department to take students to such agitations. He demanded stringent action against the education institutes which took their students to stage the agitation. Tiwari also threatened to smear the faces of education officers with black if they fail to take action in three days.Photo-Students and citizens formed a huge human chain to press the demand for medical college in ChandrapurFile-Human Chain/1/2", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469590", "title": "NMC lists 32 corporators with property tax dues", "text": "NAGPUR: Sitting corporators who have not paid their property tax should take note of this. NMC has prepared a list of at least 32 such corporators and they will have to clear their dues if they wish to obtain no-dues certificate from NMC. This certificate is required for contesting the coming civic elections. In some cases the dues are in the name of the spouses, who own the houses.While corporators of all parties are in the list of defaulters, BJP tops it with 12 members. It is followed by Congress with six, NCP with five, two independent corporators and two co-opted corporators.BJP corporator Girish Vyas and his business partner top the list of tax defaulters, owing Rs1.09 lakh to NMC. He is followed by NCP corporator Vedprakash Arya (Rs71,738).Interestingly, the wife of co-opted member Raman Paigwar, who has been prominently raising corruption issues including alleged 'Starbus scam' in the civic body, also figures in the list of defaulters. The other prominent corporators who owe property tax include BJP corporators Baba Maind, Devendra Mehar, MLA Krishna Khopde and ex-mayor Kalpana Pande.Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre is also in the list of defaulters. The dues against Vrunda, his wife, is Rs1,519. NCP city president Ajay Patil's wife Pragati, who is a corporator, has also not paid dues amounting to Rs12,264.Senior BJP leader and nominated corporator Girish Vyas claimed that the property tax due against him is disputed, and the case is also pending in the court. \"Moreover, the registration and mutation of the said property has also not been done. So I have not paid the dues,\" he explained.Raman Paigwar assured that dues against his wife's name will be cleared within a couple of days.Vedprakash Arya confirmed that he had not paid the tax and clarified that his case is pending with the Mangalwari zone, as he had raised objections. He has not paid property tax from April 2000. Area, however, claimed that on Thursday he had paid half of his dues (around Rs35,000).A senior NMC official confirmed that 32 corporators have not paid their property tax. He said that the corporation has prepared the list submitted to NMC secretary Harish Dubey. The list will be used during final scrutiny of candidates' nomination forms. The sitting corporators will have to clear the dues and will be required to get no due certificates from the civic body before the procedure starts.\"If they fail to clear the dues, then the returning officer of the respective zone, who are the final authority, can take stern action, including rejection of nomination forms,\" he said.Defaulters Dues in RsGirish Vyas- 1,09,459Sharad Chadi- 82,911Vedprakash Arya- 71,738Asha Raman Paigwar- 55,087Prashant Dhawad- 27,721Satish Hole- 18,336Vitthal Kombade- 14,471Sujata Sanjay Bonde- 13,457Pragati Ajay Patil- 12,264Ramchandra Rehpande- 9,764", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11469263", "title": "Natarajan may bare all on his and wife Sasikalaa\u2019s ouster", "text": "CHENNAI: There is more political excitement on the cards if associates of M Natarajan, Sasikala's husband, are to be believed. Expelled along with his wife and other relatives, Natarajan has threatened to bare all, at least his version of what led to the expulsions that shook AIADMK's power corridors.Sources say Natarajan will speak on the controversial issue during the three-day Pongal celebrations he holds every year in Thanjavur. This will be the first public appearance for some of Sasikala's family members after their high profile expulsions. Party supremo J Jayalalithaa had expelled at least 15 family members besides her friend Sasikala from the party's primary membership and stripped them of their posts. She also indicated at a party forum that she will not go back on her decision.Sasikalaa's brother V Divakaran is expected to attend the Pongal festivities. While Natarajan organises such a function every year, this time it gains significance coming as it does in the wake of the expulsions. Natarajan is likely to explain his stand on the final day on January 17, a close aide said. The function is also said to provide a moral boost for members of the Thevar community, from which Sasikalaa hails.\"We expect Natarajan to speak about the sacrifices her wife made for Jayalalithaa and for the party. He himself has criticised some of the expelled family members' role in the past,\" a close friend of Natarajan said.Natarajan will organise the 'Tamilar Kalai Ilakkiya Thiruvizha' in a marriage hall owned by him. \"He has invited many of his friends and community people for the function,\" said the friend. The event is touted to be a muscle-flexing exercise for Natarajan to show his strength in the Thevar community.On the second day, a conference titled \"Mullaperiyar: History, Problems and the Solution\" will be held. On the final day (January 17), three books written by Natarajan will be released. Pro LTTE leaders Pazha Nedumaran and Kasi Anandan are expected to attend the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468406", "title": "Cannot ignore Jaitapur quake risk: Geologists", "text": "MUMBAI: Validating what environmentalists have feared all along, a US geologist has said in his paper that an earthquake of magnitude 6 plus on the Richter scale can occur in Jaitapur.A paper co-authored by geologists Roger Bilham of University of Colarado and Vinod Gaur of Indian Institute of Astrophysics presented the possible dangers, warning that these be taken into account while constructing a nuclear power plant. The paper was published in Current Science, an Indian journal published by Current Science Association and the Indian Academy of Sciences .\"Since Jaitapur lies in the same compressional stress regime that has been responsible for generating both the Mw=6.3 Latur and the Mw=6.4 Koyna earthquakes in the past five decades, one can say that a similar quake could possibly occur directly beneath the plant. The probability of this earthquake occurring is low but it is nevertheless possible and is an important consideration in the design of a safe power plant,\" said Bilham.Jaitapur area falls in the seismic zone 3 category, and data from the Geological Survey of India shows that between 1985 and 2005, there were 92 earthquakes.But he added that it was not possible to confidently say that an earthquake of a high magnitude would not occur in Jaitapur as one needs to examine reliable data spanning many centuries in order to do so. \"With regard to Jaitapur, the available data that can be relied upon only extends to last 200 years - a small time in geological history,\" he said.Pravin Gavankar of Janhit Sew Samiti, Madban, and Milind Desai, Madban, have filed an application calling for cancellation of environmental clearance to the plant in the National Green Tribunal. The next hearing is on January 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11469357", "title": "Exodus from Cong, NCP as politics hots up in Akola", "text": "AKOLA: The announcement of general polls in Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC) on February 16 has led to great upheaval in political parties. An exodus has started from the Congress and NCP, as even stalwarts here do not expect to win these polls. The dismal performance of this ruling coalition had led to the supersession of AMC two months ago by the state government victory, and irreparably damaged their image.Prominent among those who have already bid farewell to the Congress are Narendra Patel and Harish Alimchandani, who joined the BJP in the presence of Prakash Jawdekar, BJP national spokesman, some days ago. Nikhilesh Divekar (son of late Arun Divekar) and Aziz Ahmad, both former deputy mayors of the NCP joined the Congress in the presence of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan at Mumbai recently. Vijay Jaipilley, prominent Congress stalwart, has also bid adieu to the party, however, he has not declared his future plans yet.Some active workers of various political parties, including Congress, NCP, SS, BJP and BRP-BMS are also on changing allegiance, sources say. Many of these workers are also supporting fronts formed to contest AMC polls, as they are not hopeful of getting party tickets. Nagar Vikas Aaghadi and Akola Vikas Manch are the two major fronts being formed by rebels of major political parties. By and large, these rebels and independent fronts are expected to disturb the chances of major political parties in the polls.In another development, BJP and Shiv Sena alliance have agreed to contest 40 and 33 seats respectively, at a meeting held late on Wednesday night. However, dispute over three prabhags still persists.Interestingly, nine symbols have been dropped from the symbol list; these are banana, cot, zaga, gas burner, (woven) ladies purse, pressure cooker, spoon and carrot. Tension had erupted over these symbols in the last polls, so these symbols were dropped.Many prominent politicians, who have lost the opportunity to contest from their wards due to 50% reservation for women, are putting forward their wives as candidates.AMC will this time be a 73-member house, with increase of two wards and women representation would be 37 as compared to 36 males due to 50% reservation for women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469336", "title": "Birds prefer Thol over Nalsarovar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you are a bird watcher, Thol lake should be preferred over Nalsarovar as your destination. A total of 77 species of birds are found in Thol as compared to 50 species seen at Nalsarovar.Of these, 39 species are present in both these wetlands. A study by Sejal Patel and Nishith Dharaiya of the department of life sciences, Hemchandrachaya North Gujarat University also revealed that 37% of the species seen were migratory. The study states that more migratory bird species were found in Thol sanctuary than in Nalsarovar. Wetland birds prefer Thol over Nalsarovar because of anthropogenic pressure and tourism. These activities deter birds from coming to the lake.The analysis further concluded that assemblies of birds in a lake also show greater availability of food resources. Birds which breed locally are also found in larger numbers at Thol than at Nalsarovar. The study concluded that the decrease in birds was directly related to tourist activity. An official further said it is a known fact that the birds are observed far from the shores where tourists board boats to venture into the lake. He said that to spot more rare species and migratory birds, one has to advance into Nalsarovar for three or four hours. Local birds are more commonly spotted in the vicinity of the tourist zone. The avifauna at Nalsarovar is spread across an area of 120 sq km, while Thol is just seven square kilometres in size.Officials said the decrease in the number of birds at Nalsarovar over the last five years was attributable not just to the falling level of water in the lake, but also to drawing of water from the lake, illegal boating and the permitted boating by tourists.At Thol, all such activities are totally banned. Boating is not permitted in Thol lake and there is no illegal fishing there as well. Further, the water level is always maintained - unlike Nalsarovar - and hence birds are present throughout the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11467227", "title": "CID wants narcoanalysis test on ULC scam accused", "text": "PUNE: The criminal investigation department, Pune, on Thursday filed a plea before a magisterial court to conduct narcoanalysis test on three suspects in the urban land ceiling (ULC) certificate scam. Judicial magistrate first class Umeshchandra More issued notices to main suspect Atul Ramchandra Panse of Shivajinagar and other suspects, real estate agents Sujay Chopade of Bhavani Peth and Sanjay Bhausaheb Shinde of Chinchwad, directing them to file their reply on the next date of hearing.A CID official said that the decision was taken as the suspects did not co-operate with them during interrogation. The test, if conducted, will help the agency in collecting more evidence which can be used for corroborating with the existing evidence, the official added.According to the CID, the suspects had committed an offence at the ULC office and Pune Municipal Corporation in connection with a land at Wakad between December 9, 1994 and November 29, 2007. They are required to be subjected to narcoanalysis test for collecting more information and evidence against them.Panse and Chopade were arrested for alleged cheating and forgery under the IPC on October 15, 2011. Shinde had obtained anticipatory bail from the district and sessions court.The CID is investigating 29 ULC scam cases as per the direction of the Bombay high court. Tahsildar Vivek Pralhad Salunkhe of the office of the additional collector and competent authority of the Pune Agglomeration is the complainant in all the cases.Deputy superintendent of police (Pune unit) Prakash Londhe filed the plea through assistant public prosecutor A K Pacharne in the case no. 30/2011 registered with the Swargate police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469294", "title": "Ruby, IAF enter final", "text": "NAGPUR: Indian Air Force will clash with Ruby Sporting Club in the final of the Vayu Sena Challenge Cup Cricket Championship at Vayu Sena ground on Saturday.In the semifinals played on Thursday, Indian Air Force defeated Mujumdar Cricket Academy by 7 wickets, while Ruby Sporting Club upset Reshimbagh Gymkhana by 90 runs.Brief ScoresMujumdar Cricket Academy 84 in 27.4 overs (Yogesh Raghav 22, Vedant Ingale 12; Ashutosh Aman 4-29, Shadaab Nazar 3-10) lost to Indian Air Force 88-3 in 16.3 overs (Mumtaz Qadir 36 no, Satish Upadhyay 31 no; Rugved Mujumdar 1-10) by 7 wickets.Ruby Sporting Club 258-8 in 50 overs (Gaurav Upadhyay 71, Amit Paunikar 47, Gaurav Bhalerao 35, Harshal Baniya27; Sumit Ruikar 3-57, Ravi Jangid 2-42) beat Reshimbagh Gymkhana 168 in 41.5 overs (Urvesh Patel 58, Ravi Jangid 45, Amit Deshpande 20; Azhar Sheikh 3-46, G Upadhyay 2-37, N Chaudhary 2-21) by 90 runs.Dube, Dongre excel in Nagpur Stars winNagpur Stars crushed Gondia Daredevils by 110 runs to book the fourth and last semifinal spot of the Vidarbha Premier League cricket tournament at VCA ground, Jamtha here on Thursday.Shubham Dube (75) and Jitesh Sharma (71) helped Nagpur Stars amass 271 in their allotted 50 overs. In reply, Gondia Daredevils were bundled out for 161 in 33 overs despite a fighting unbeaten knock of 64 by Harsh Arora. Roshan Dongre was the wrecker-in-chief with 5 wickets, while seamer Vibhor Bisen chipped in with 3 wickets.On Friday, Nagpur Stars will take on Gadchiroli Commandoes in the first semifinal.Brief ScoresNagpur Stars 271 in 50 overs (Shubham Dube 75, Jitesh Sharma 71, Aditya Sarwate 33; Ranjeet Paradkar 2-54, Shailesh Bhondekar 2-51) bt Gondia Daredevils 161 in 33 overs (Harsh Arora 64 no, Mahesh Bundhade 21; Roshan Dongre 5-67, Vibhor Bisen 3-32) by 110 runs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11469265", "title": "Well done Fr Bismarque", "text": "It is with disgust that I read that Fr Bismarque Dias will be terminated as a priest. Once ordained, a priest has to guide his flock and defend their interests. Flock does not mean only the people of his religion but everyone. He has an obligation as a citizen to defend the exploitation of ignorant, gullible and less privileged citizens. If we glance at the political scenario today, we notice that this country is under siege of a set of mercenaries whose main motto is to follow the colonial dogma of divide and rule, thus coming to power, and to continue the exploitation of the less fortunate. The clergy in Goa must encourage their flock to defeat the present tyrannical rule.Agusto MonteiroBar priests from contesting electionsThe decision of Fr Bismarque Dias to contest the Goa assembly elections as an independent, will set a bad precedent and is fraught with dangerous consequences. It is good that priests are taking an active part in trying to root out corruption. But they should do it from outside. Politics is a dirty game. Goan politics is even dirtier because of the fact that there are only 40 legislators and one independent MLA can make or mar the fortunes of the government not only during the formation stage but throughout the term. The pulls and tugs in different directions by political parties will result in criticism, allegations and counter-allegations for every action/inaction on the part of an independent legislator priest. Gradually even the best-intentioned priest will be painted with the same dirty brush of politics. Moreover, the civic duties of an elected priest will impinge upon his spiritual duties-which will suffer. It may result in the shepherd becoming the 'lost sheep'. The archbishop of Goa must bar priests from contesting any political election. Robert Castellino.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11469908", "title": "The missing link between Tagore and China", "text": "KOLKATA: At a time when appreciation and understanding of Rabindranath Tagore has reached a heightened pitch, leading scholars on Thursday tried to delve into an area that has not been discussed often - the controversy that the bard's visit to China created in that country in 1924 and the reasons behind it.The book 'Tagore and China', which is a collection of thoughtful essays by scholars who have studied the bard's appreciation and understanding of China, was released on Thursday as a part of the Apeejay Kolkata Literary Festival.The book largely borrows from the Tagore's 'Talks in China' on the basis of his lectures there. He based his lectures on how both the countries had a lot to borrow from their indigenous civilizations. However, this was the post First World War phase and the old Chinese world was fast changing, giving way to a new order that would be ruled by Communists. This world was baying for a kind of modernity that was influenced by the West and one in which the connection with old values and traditions was waning. This pained Tagore and he did not hide it in his speeches, naturally courting controversy.The media was replete with criticism. Later, when Tagore chronicled this in his Talks in China, it was not translated into Chinese as a mark of protest. He is known to have modified the book later on, but even then it was never translated. History has it that Tagore's respect for Chinese civilization never waned and he went on to establish the Cheena Bhavan to encourage Sino-Indian exchange. Later, when Japan attacked China, Tagore was the most vociferous in his criticism of Japan as is evident in his exchanges with his Japanese friend, Nobuchi.Nobel laureate Amartya Sen has written one of the essays in the book, as a scholar who has his moorings in Tagore's Shantiniketan. He points out that there was a lot of interest in China about Tagore after he won the Nobel Prize, but this \"intellectual climate\" was fast changing by the time Tagore visited China in 1924. The movement on May 4, 1919, that saw the rise of Communists in China, also had a significant role in this.The book has been edited by Tan Chung, a Chinese scholar who spent his prime years teaching in JNU and DU, Wang Bangwei, one of the greatest names in Buddhist studies and China's foremost scholar of India and Amiya Dev, a leading name in the field of comparative literature from Jadavpur University.\"Tagore's reception in China was seeped in controversy. The Anglo-American press was ventilating its anti-Tagore sentiments and this influenced a lot of Chinese people. The contemporary Chinese society thought Tagore was talking about values that had no relevance in the modern world,\" said Tagore scholar Swapan Majumdar at the event.The statement was supported by scholar Sourin Bhattacharya. \"It is not that Tagore was not a modernist. He based his ideas of development on community thinking and traditional values which did not find takers in China then. He was angry at the mindless aping of western ideas. That was perhaps the root cause of tension,\" Bhattacharya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11468619", "title": "New mode of tax evasion: dismantle tax due vehicles and sell parts", "text": "INDORE: The Regional Traffic Office (RTO) of Indore has detected tax evasion of Rs 8.5 lakh by unearthing a racket wherein the vehicles having outstanding dues were dismantled and sold in parts. This came to light when a team of the RTO sleuths raided a godown on Khandwa Road on Wednesday.RTO Pawan Jain said that an offence would be registered against the owner of the godown and persons involved in the racket. RTO will also recover the dues from the owners of the vehicles. \"We have unearthed a racket, which involved in dismantling and selling the spare parts of the vehicles with long-pending dues,\" said Jain.The RTO sleuths were after a bus, which had tax dues to the tunes of Rs 2.5 lakh and it led them to the racket's godown.\"Acting on a tip-off, we went to Khandwa Road in search of a bus which had tax dues of Rs 2.5 lakh. But the bus was missing from the there. During a search, we came to know about a godown where the said bus was being dismantled. We raided the godown situated on the Khandwa Road,\" said an officer with the team. There, they found the bus with detached parts.The officials recovered parts of four more vehicles bearing registration numbers MP 09 KB 1615, which has dues of Rs 1.58 lakh, MP 09 KC 7250 (Rs 1.73 lakh dues), MP 09 KC 3965 (Rs 3 lakh dues) and MP 09 KB 171 with dues of Rs 1.93 lakh. All the parts and engines of these vehicles were recovered from the godown.The owner of the godown, one Pritam Chhabra, refused to have any involvement in the racket and said that he had rented out the place to Sreeram Finance to park their vehicles and he was not aware of the dismantling at his godown. However, the RTO officials believe that Chhabra used to purchase the vehicles with pending dues and sell their parts after dismantling them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469324", "title": "Sabarmati jail, BRTS stump Kiwis", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For Muhammad Atiq and Lucy Southall, police officials in New Zealand, a trip to Sabarmati jail came as a pleasant surprise. \"We come from a country where the gangs rule the prisons and anything sharp is not allowed even to be kept near the inmates. Here, we were walking in sewing class where the inmates were working with scissors and scales, potential weapons for any inmate. However, we were told that they not only sew clothes and make furniture but one of the most popular food joints is run by them!\", said Southall.A visit to the city by a group of professionals from New Zealand under The Rotary Foundation's Group Study Exchange (GSE) was full of surprises for the Kiwis. Apart from Atiq and Southall, the group consisted of Libby Gardner, motivational speaker and team leader, Wende Bennetti, lawyer, and Andrew Harwood, radio jockey and copywriter.Talking about the prison experience, Atiq said that they saw Sabarmati as a role model for reformatory facility. \"We saw that education is compulsory for inmates and they also get engaged in a vocation that can reform them once they are released. Back home, most of the inmates refrain from being part of such a group,\" he said.For Bennetti, the most amusing part was to see the orderly going around the judges at Gujarat high court during their visit. \"There is method and protocol in every activity that takes place. Back home, the judges just come and go without much ado though legal systems in both the countries have genesis in British system,\" she said. She was also surprised at the amount of holidays the judiciary enjoys.The group members were impressed by the BRTS and vibrancy of the city, but they were critical of public attitude.\"Wherever we went, we encountered heaps of garbage everywhere. Why people throw everything around? Even at an event such as the Kite Festival that is termed international, we could not find a litter bin. It is more to do with public attitude than infrastructure itself,\" said Gardener. She had an interaction with faculties at Ahmedabad Management Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11470224", "title": "Undergo stress test ahead of a marathon", "text": "Planning to run the next marathon or a half marathon? Get a stress test done ahead of the race day.A first-of-its-kind study published on Thursday says participating in marathons does not increase risk of cardiac arrest. However, most cardiac events during races are due to underlying heart disease that participants didn't know.Participation in marathon races is at an all-time high globally, but numerous reports of race-related cardiac arrests have called the safety of this activity into question.A new study, however, has found that participating in these races is associated with a relatively low risk of cardiac arrest compared to other forms of athletics.An analysis of 10 years of data appearing in the New England Journal of Medicine reveals that most of those experiencing cardiac arrest during marathons had undiagnosed pre-existing cardiac abnormalities. Male marathon participants accounted for most cardiac arrests and appear to be at an increasing risk.The study also identifies bystander-initiated cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) as a key factor in patient survival. \"This study provides the first accurate, comprehensive characterization of cardiac arrest and sudden cardiac death risk in this population,\" says Aaron Baggish from the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH).\"The general consensus - based on intense coverage of cardiac arrests that happen during these races - has been that the risk was very high. But we found that the risk of cardiac arrest for marathon and half-marathon runners is equal to or less than the risk for other athletes - including tri-athletes, college athletes and casual joggers. This finding provides important reassurance that marathon is a generally safe and well tolerated activity,\" Baggish said.Dr Deepak Natarajan, director of interventional cardiology in Moolchand Hospital, said, \"For those who run regularly, it is fine to run in a marathon. But Indians lead a very sedentary lifestyle. So, 30 or 40-year olds who usually don't run should not spring up to participate in a marathon without first visiting a doctor. An ECG and treadmill test will help to identify underlying heart conditions.\"The authors note that there had been no comprehensive study of marathon participants, who are often older and may have unknown underlying medical conditions. They compiled a database of cardiac arrest cases occurring during or at the finish lines of all US marathons and half-marathons from 2000 until mid-2010.Out of almost 11 million registered participants in the races documented during the study period, the research team identified 59 cardiac arrests - 40 at marathons and 19 at half-marathons. More than 85% of the cardiac arrests took place in men. Of the 59 cardiac arrests, 42 were fatal. Among the 31 affected runners for whom detailed medical information was available, 23 had died - 15 of whom had definite or probable hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.This abnormal thickening of the heart muscle is the most common cause of sudden cardiac death in young athletes but previously has not been considered an issue in the older running population. Nine of those who died had additional cardiac abnormalities. Among cardiac arrest survivors, underlying coronary artery disease was the dominant pathology, but no participants with coronary disease had any evidence of acute coronary plaque rupture.\"The lack of plaque rupture - a critical event in many heart attacks - was an intriguing and surprising finding,\" Baggish says. \"It suggests that the kind of underlying disease that causes cardiac arrest in distance runners may be detectable by a simple stress test prior to race day,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473512", "title": "Amber Rose apologises to Kim Kardashian", "text": "Amber Rose has apologised for calling Kim Kardashian a \"homewrecker\".The model accused the reality TV star of having an affair with Kanye West before they split in 2010 while she was seeing NFL player Reggie Bush and although she is sorry for her harsh words, Amber insists it was important to air her accusation because the \"truth will set you free\".Amber told The Huffington Post: \"Kim never contacted me after what I said. It was something I had to get off my chest so people knew the truth. I wasn't trying to hurt anyone's feelings. The truth will set you free. At the end of the day, I want to apologize to Kim for calling her a homewrecker.\"I'm all about women and empowerment and even though she made a mistake in life, I shouldn't stoop down to her level and call her names. I'm human and I reacted on my emotions. I never want to call a women a homewrecker or a b***h or a w***e.\"She added to TMZ.com: \"I actually feel bad that I called her a homewrecker. That was kind of mean. I forgive her, and I forgive Kanye too. It's not a big deal, you know?\"Although the 27-year-old former stripper has claimed it was the stunning socialite who instigated a relationship between the pair when she starting sending racy pictures of herself to him, she said Kim's behaviour was ultimately good for her because it led to her split with Kanye and new relationship with 'Black and Yellow' hitmaker Wiz Khalifa .She previously said: \"She was sending pictures, and I was like, 'Kim, just stop. Don't be that person.' I thought at least she'd be woman enough to respond to me. She never responded.\"It's very important that us women stick together and we don't f**k each other over like that.\"I want to thank her. Because if she was never a homewrecker, then I never would have met Wiz, and I wouldn't be as happy as I am now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11469340", "title": "Gaddas' panel members gherao CCP commissioner", "text": "PANAJI: Accusing the corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP) of demolishing gaddas without giving them notices, the members of Panjim Gaddas Association on Thursday gheraoed CCP commissioner Agnelo Fernandes.Tempers were frayed as association members vociferously accused the commissioner of reneging on his promise of finding a solution to this issue.Bharat Hoble, president of the association, accused the CCP commissioner of demolishing his tailoring gadda in Patto without any prior notice and also attaching other personal items including his motorbike.He claimed he and his family members were arrested before the demolition took place and his daughter was also assaulted.Following high court directives to the CCP to demolish the gaddas, the association is demanding compensation of 25 lakh for each gadda terming it \"their source of livelihood.\"Fernandes said \"the question of 25 lakh compensation does not arise as there is a high court order on the demolition.\" He asserted, \"I am not bound to give (prior) intimation,\" but said he may now do so.Admitting that as CCP deputy commissioner he had told the association members he would look into the matter and put forward a rehabilitation plan before the CCP council, Fernandes acknowledged he had signed the demolition order, stating that he would face contempt if the high court order was not carried out.I will not fall for pressure tactics. The matter has been pending for the last four years. They failed in the high court and lost the Supreme Court appeal, said Fernandes explaining the background of the issue. Only listed gaddas would be removed, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11469835", "title": "Red wine good for heart? NRI accused of data fraud", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian researcher at the University of Connecticut , who was known for his work on the benefits of red wine to cardiovascular health, faces accusations that he fabricated and falsified data in over a 100 instances.A three-year investigation was conducted against Dipak Das, professor in the University's department of surgery and director of the cardiovascular research center.The \"extensive research misconduct investigation\", sparked by an anonymous tip in 2008 over research irregularities, examined more than seven years of activity in Das' lab. The investigation report concludes that Das is guilty of 145 counts of fabrication and falsification of data.\"We have a responsibility to correct the scientific record and inform peer researchers across the country now,\" Philip Austin, the University's interim vice-president for health affairs, said in a statement.Austin said the University was \"deeply disappointed\" by the \"flagrant disregard\" for the its code of conduct.The University's health center has sent letters of notification to 11 scientific journals that had published studies conducted by Das. As a result of the investigation, the Health Center has frozen all externally funded research in Das' laboratory and declined to accept $890,000 in federal grants awarded to him.Das had gained attention in recent years for his work on the beneficial properties of resveratrol, which is found in red wine. Many of Das' 26 articles reported positive effects of resveratrol, thought to promote longevity in laboratory animals.Das' published research articles involved cutting and pasting photographic images from a similar research record. In a 2010 letter to university officials, Das had said the investigation was a \"conspiracy\" against him and that his work was repeated by scientists across the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11468879", "title": "30 junior scale officers transferred for polls", "text": "PANAJI: Around 30 junior scale officers of the Goa civil services were given new postings on Thursday, with some to be put on election duty shortly.The transfers are made in concurrence of election commission of India guidelines and will be in operation till the model code of conduct is in force, the notification said.Chief officer of Mapusa municipal council Damodar Morajkar has been transferred as state land acquisition officer for Tillari irrigation corporation, Colvale, while Narayan Gad will be MMC chief officer. Devidas Gaonkar, assistant commissioner, commercial taxes department, has been posted as additional deputy collector (rent control) Mapusa, while assistant commissioner of commercial taxes Snehal Naik will be the new assistant commissioner of Excise I in place of Sanjeev Gauns Dessai. Siddhi Halarnkar has been transferred from the post of deputy director (administration), water resources department, to the same post in the directorate of women and child.Anthony D'Souza, deputy director (land acquisition), North Goa, has been transferred as forest settlement officer in Valpoi. R D Mirajkar, deputy collector and SDM, Quepem, will be the new deputy registrar of Goa college of engineering (GCE), Farmagudi, while Deepak Bandekar has been posted as chief officer of Ponda municipal council from the post of assistant director of department of mines.Prashant Shirodkar has been posted as deputy collector (DRO), South Goa, while Pravin Barad will be Quepem municipal council's chief officer.Surendra Naik, under secretary finance (expenditure), has been made deputy collector in-charge of land acquisition, South Goa and R K Satardekar has been posted as deputy director of panchayats, South Goa. H A Ali has been shifted from the post of deputy registrar, GCE, to deputy director (adm) water resources department.Ponda and Quepem mamlatdars have been changed and joint mamlatdars of Pernem, Bardez, Sattari, Canacona, Sanguem and Ponda have also been reshuffled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11468872", "title": "Recruitment for 700 govt jobs kept in abeyance", "text": "PANAJI: Government departments, in their compliance report submitted to the state election commission, have stated that they have kept recruitments in abeyance. Over 700 jobs will be kept in abeyance.Joint chief electoral officer Narayan Navti said around 160 letters of appointment and over 600 offers of appointment have been kept in abeyance. \"Those having a letter of appointment can join the department after the model code of conduct is lifted, whereas the next government can decide on the future of over 600 persons holding offer of appointment letters,\" he added.The state election commission has sent election commission guidelines to all government departments after it found that some departments have violated the model code of conduct. The commission had asked departments to file a compliance report.\"We have received compliance reports from the departments and they have informed us that recruitments have been kept in abeyance,\" Navti said.As per election commission of India guidelines received by the office of the chief electoral officer, the state government should have declared around 417 posts in six departments 'null and void' for violating the model code of conduct. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11469624", "title": "Over 76% milk samples found adulterated", "text": "JAIPUR: The black business of milk adulteration is flourishing in the state as 76% of milk samples tested by the ( FSSAI) were found to be adulterated.The daily consumption of milk in the state is nearly 20 lakh litres out of which branded milk is nearly 16 lakh litres and the rest is loose milk. Experts claim that a large amount of adulterated milk comes here from areas surrounding Uttar Pradesh.\"Alwar, Bharatpur and Dholpur are the regions where impurities are mixed in milk. From these places it is supplied to Delhi and various parts of Rajasthan. It is turning into a profitable business as milkmen have become quite wealthy in that belt,\" an official of ( RCDF) said.The milk is contaminated by adding detergent, fat, soda and urea besides its age-old dilution with water. \"It is not a complicated process. Urea is to be mixed with glucose, which is then added to milk. In 400 litres of milk, 100 litres of contaminants can be mixed,\" Ghyanshyam, a milkman from Naila, said.But what makes the situation particularly worrying is that even toxic chemicals are mixed in milk. \"Adding water is not a problem but if anyone is mixing detergent or soda, then it is hazardous to health. But most of us don't follow such substandard practices,\" said Ghyanshyam.In recent years, milk production has gone up in the state and so has demand for packaged milk. Shopkeepers who sell loose milk and milk products said demand for packaged milk went up after adulteration rackets were unearthed in the last few years.\"After reading media reports about adulteration, people are becoming apprehensive of loose milk. They now prefer to buy either packaged or loose milk only from the known milkman,\" said Manish, owner of a dairy store at Nandpuri. His views were echoed by Meeta Sharma, a school teacher, \"I have tried at least three or four milkmen from the locality. But none of them could give me pure milk, so I shifted to packaged milk. But if reports are to be believed then even packaged milk seems to be harmful\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11468551", "title": "Rajpal rules out court order violation in restricted zone", "text": "GURGAON: Municipal commissioner Sudhir Rajpal has clarified that the community centre in Amanpura, which had witnessed some construction activity last week, indeed falls within 900 metres of the IAF ammunition depot. Rajpal, however, said that no major construction work was being carried out by the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) but mere cosmetic changes were being made and the question of any kind of violation of the Supreme Court guidelines does not arise. In a recent ruling, the court had said that no construction can take place within 900 metres of the depot and has issued a status-quo.A few days ago, ward councillor Sunita Kataria had alleged that senior MCG officials were overseeing the construction work in spite of being aware that the community centre falls in the restricted zone. Clarifying that no construction activity was being carried out, Rajpal said, \"This is an old community centre and no formal orders were issued to carry out any construction work. Only some odd jobs like painting were being done and I don't understand what the fuss is all about. There is a scramble by some people to take credit. No violation of court orders has occurred since no construction has taken place.\" The councillor says that the municipal commissioner's claims are baseless.\"Last week, I saw construction work such as fixing of doors and window panes here and the area residents, too, are witness to it. This is a relatively new community centre and I have documents to prove that Rs 40 lakh was sanctioned to build it,\" said Kataria. \"I'm not against this community centre but all that we are asking is that if the corporation has been permitted to build within the restricted 900 metres, the residents, too, should be allowed to do so. At present, the MCG demolishes any kind of structure that comes up within the zone due to which thousands of residents are left in the lurch. The rules should be the same for everyone and there should be no bias,\" Kataria said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469058", "title": "Ruquaiyah, Samriddhi clinch titles", "text": "NAGPUR: The one-sided defeat to Samruddhi Khamgaonkar in the sub-junior girls final might have spurred Ruquaiyah Vali, who came out all guns blazing in the junior category summit clash, which turned out to be a perfect finale. The hard-fought encounter went right down to the wire but Ruquaiyah kept her cool when it mattered the most to win the title in the Ankit Menon Memorial Table Tennis tournament at Dr Ambedkar College Academy, Deekshbhoomi here on Thursday.Ruquaiyah won the final 17-19, 11-5, 3-11, 11-5, 7-11, 11-4, 11-6 after suffering the straight-game loss to Samruddhi in the sub-junior final. Samruddhi won 11-8, 13-11, 11-7.The first game set the perfect stage for the battle ahead. Both Ruquaiyah and Samruddhi refused to give up upfront but it was Samruddhi who took the initial lead. Ruquaiyah came back strongly to win the second game at 11-5. The next two games saw the same pattern and it was two games each when Samruddhi went ahead with 11-7 win. Samruddhi, however, made some unforced errors in the last two games which cost her second title of the day.Earlier, she got the walkover against Sanjushree Kose, who had to leave for Rajkot during the afternoon for the school nationals. Ruquaiyah had to fight for the place in the finals against Ruchita Panbude but again she did most of the things right in crunch situations.In the sub-junior boys, top seed Anurag Rathi had easy outing against Chaitanya Somalwar. Chaitanya showed some resistance in the last game but it was too late. Anurag won 11-7, 11-2, 14-12. Earlier in the semfinals, Anurag beat Rugved Gadge, while Chaitanya got the better of Nayan Taori.Anurag now eyes his second title of the tournament when he will clash with top seed Rohit Sharma on Friday evening. Both had easy outings in their respective penultimate rounds. While Anurag defeated Rugved for the second time in as many matches, Rohit beat Aniruddha Mantri in a one-sided encounter.RESULTSJunior girls (final): Ruqaiyah Vali bt Samruddhi Khamgaonkar 17-19, 11-5, 3-11, 11-5, 7-11, 11-4, 11-6.Semis: Ruqaiyah Vali bt Ruchita Panbude 11-9, 4-11, 13-11, 11-9, 12-10, Samruddhi got walkover.Junior boys (semis): Rohit Sharma bt 4-Aniruddha Mantri 11-4, 11-3, 11-8, 11-7; Anurag Rathi bt Rugved Gadge 11-8, 11-6, 11-5, 11-8.Sub-junior boys (final): Anurag Rathi bt Chaitanya Somalwar 11-7, 11-2, 14-12.Semis: Anurag Rathi bt Rugved Gadge 11-7, 11-5, 9-11, 11-6; Chaitanya Somalwar bt Nayan Taori 11-9, 11-6, 11-4.Sub-junior girls (final): Samruddhi Khamgaonkar bt Ruqaiyah Vali 11-8, 13-11, 11-7.Semis: Samruddhi bt Apoorva Bhagat 11-8, 11-5, 11-5; 3-Ruqaiyah bt 2-Kadambri Bhandarkar 11-8, 11-8, 11-8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11468800", "title": "Arambol shack gutted, loss pegged at 5L", "text": "MAPUSA: Goods worth 5 lakh were destroyed when a fire broke out in the kitchen of 'Godwin'- a shack at Girkarwada in Arambol on Wednesday afternoon. The fire is suspected to have been caused due to a short circuit. Shack owner Agnelo Fernandes said that three refrigerators, two grinders, two mixers, a juicer, toaster, three gas stoves, electrical goods, furniture, utensils, crockery, wooden beds, mattresses and other goods were lost in the fire.The fire then spread to the three huts nearby, reducing them to ashes. The fire brigade from the Pernem fire station was summoned but could not reach the site as it did not have any road access to the shack. The untiring efforts by locals - using sand and water to put out the fire- salvaged a portion of the shack and the nets and motors of fishermen stocked in the nearby huts. It was also a close shave for the 20 other shacks around- located in close proximity to each other.This is the second such incident at Arambol beach this tourism season. Earlier, a cloth shop had caught fire and again, the fire brigade could not reach the site. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11467471", "title": "\u2018Negative food inflation is insignificant\u2019", "text": "PUNE: The negative food inflation in the last week of December 2011 has not provided much relief to the middle class. Experts say that the fall in prices of a handful of agricultural commodities such as onion and potato has led to the decline in the food index, which is a temporary phenomenon as yield of the ongoing rabi season is expected to be low.The Union government figures show that, in the last week of December 2011 the annual inflation fell to -2.9 per cent. The sharp decline in food inflation is partly because of the base effect and also due to the improved supply of seasonal crops. During the corresponding week of 2010, annual inflation was nearly 20%.For instance, the prices of onion in the retail market were around Rs 70 per kg in January 2010, compared to around Rs 10 per kg now. The cultivation period of onion is longer than leafy vegetables or fruits. In case of onion, the period from sowing to harvesting is around three to four months. Hence, once the production is affected it has a longer-term effect on the market. In case of leafy vegetables or fruits, the prices continue to fluctuate and do not show any upward change for months.Rohini Sahni, head of the department of economics, University of Pune, told TOI: \"The fluctuation range of onion crop is higher than that of vegetables. Such difference in price variation of various crops reflects in the indices. Due to the higher range of fluctuation, onion carries more weight and holds higher influential position in food index compared to other vegetables. Negative inflation means the prices of a few crops drop drastically, while prices of the remaining crops come down or move up only slightly. Onion, being an influential crop, contributed in bringing down the index.\"Sahni added, \"There are two factors in deciding the prices of vegetables and foodgrains, which seem to have been ignored so far. The rise in transportation cost due to increase in fuel price and the rise in production cost are keeping the prices on an upward swing. The profit margin might have been compromised, but the chances of prices crashing are unlikely. Putting all the input costs together, the farmers are compelled to sell their produce at higher prices, which has a cascading effect on the wholesale and retail markets.\"Another price defining factor is the local element, where prices are decided on the economic profile of a certain locality than the actual market trends, she said. \"Vegetables like fenugreek, spinach, brinjal and potato carry different prices in areas like Deccan Gymkhana, Model Colony, Mahatma Phule Mandai and Mangalwar Peth, though all the vegetable vendors source their goods from the Agriculture Produce Market Committee, which is the wholesale market. Such local factors are not counted while calculating the indices. The inputs for such calculation have to be comprehensive and should represent all sectors of the society.\"Abhay Tilak, faculty member at the Indian School of Political Economy, said: \"The change in the indices looks temporary as the rabi crop is yet to be harvested. A government report says that the area under rabi cultivation has gone down because there was little post-monsoon rainfall. It means, the rabi production would decline and prices will go up.\"Sumedha Karmarkar, a housewife from Model Colony, said: \"I went to the retail vendor to buy vegetables and found that there is hardly any reduction in prices. When I asked the vendor about the increased supply of vegetables, I was told that vegetables are supplied from distant locations. The fuel prices are also high, which adds to the transportation cost, hence prices will not fall, though the supply has increased. It may help in stabilizing the prices but all depends on the daily supply.\"Now, I do not take news about negative inflation very seriously, Karmarkar said. The prices of lady finger, cucumber and tomato were around Rs 40, Rs 25 and Rs 20 per kg in November last year. Today, the prices of same commodities are Rs 36, Rs 20, Rs 16, which is not very low, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11470232", "title": "Interviews in PCMC today", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad units of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Congress will conduct interviews of aspirants for the February civic elections on Friday.\"As many as 866 aspirants took forms.Of them 645 aspirants will be interviewed on Friday and Saturday,\" Shirish Jadhav, general secretary, Pimpri Chinchwad unit of NCP said.Azam Pansare, president, Pimpri Chinchwad unit of NCP has announced an 18-member committee for the interviews. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, Dilip Walse Patil, three MLAs- Vilas Lande, Lakshman Jagtap and Anna Bansode are members.Bhausaheb Bhoir, president, Pimpri Chinchwad unit of Congress said that 300 aspirants have submitted their applications. Patangrao Kadam, minister of forests, Harshavardhan Patil, minister for marketing are members of this 23-member committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468533", "title": "Polio-free city: 3 yrs &amp; counting", "text": "MUMBAI: On Friday, India completes an entire year of not reporting a single polio case, something the country has never witnessed before. From here, the war against polio only gets more challenging, said experts. Mumbai has not reported any polio case in the last three years, but has made it in the list of high-risk districts in Maharashtra.The first 365-day period of not reporting any polio case means India will soon be dropped from the list of 'endemic' countries. India shares a place in the list along with three other countries-Pakistan, Afghanistan and Nigeria-who are yet to stop polio transmission. However, the 'eradication' status will be awarded to India only if there are no traces of transmission of the polio virus for the next two years.Speaking to TOI, union health ministry's deputy commissioner (immunization) Dr Ajay Khera said, \"We should be removed from the endemic list by the World Health Organization . For this, polio virus transmission throughout January and environmental sewage sampling has to be negative, and hopefully it will be.\" He added the fight has to remain aggressive as neighbouring countries like Pakistan are still reporting polio cases.Khera added that the preparation for post-eradication phase has begun. \"We have made surveillance whether stringent paralysis cases are polio or not,\" he said. He also added that the country has been divided into high, moderate and low risk areas and a similar distinction has been made at the state level too.As per the division, the city is a high-risk disctrict in the state. The city's sewage samples have been free of the wild polio virus since 2010. Besides Mumbai, Thane and Nashik too have figured in the list of high-risk districts.State immunization officer Dr VM Kulkarni said migration makes the three districts prone to importation of the virus, both from within as well as outside the country. \"We are training our medical officers to respond to an emergency situation, or an instance of resurgence of the virus,\" he said. Maharashtra, like most other states, has already formed the Emergency Preparedness and Response Plan team to tackle any trace of the virus systematically.The last new polio case in India was reported on January 13 last year. In 2010, there were 42 cases, a steep fall from 741 in 2009, which was nearly half of the global polio cases. Regional team leader of WHO, Dr Ravindra Banpel, added that laboratories too have to become extremely cautious regarding containment of the virus. \"No one wants a virus to slip out of a laboratory, especially when it has been omitted from the community,\" he said. Meanwhile, cross-border immunization efforts are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473159", "title": "The Khans can wait!: Siddique", "text": "Bodyguard director Siddique says that they simply don't fit the bill for his nextGuess what? The director of Bollywood's biggest hit in 2011 is not interested in casting any of the three big Khans for his next mega project. But it's nothing personal - the Khans simply don't fit the bill in Siddique's upcoming mega budget love and action thriller that will have Mumbai as the main character.The director, who directed the Bollywood monster hit Bodyguard starring Salman Khan and the Tamil version Kaavalan starring Vijay, will complete his new mega project in 2012 itself. \"All the discussions with the producer have been completed and I am presently working on the project. I will be leaving for Mumbai in the next few days,\" he said, \"There will be neither Shah Rukh, Aamir or Salman Khan in my next project. I have not finalised the cast, but it will not be any of the three,\" he said about the film that will be an action movie with a strong romantic theme.\"Salman Khan was in my mind when I thought of making Bodyguard in Hindi. For the upcoming project, I have decided to cast the stars after having a series of discussions,\"Siddique said and added that the film will have a prominent Bollywood star in the lead. \"The aesthetics of Bollywood viewers are different. They don't like highly emotional subjects. They enjoy watching love and action movies,\" he said.So, is he planning to set up a base in Bollywood? \"I will not be relocating to Mumbai. I will return once my work is over,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11468105", "title": "Fuel major may explore ONGC gas blocks", "text": "KOLKATA: The London Stock Exchange-listed Great Eastern Energy Corporation (GEECL) has approached Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) for exploring its (OBGC's) coal bed methane (CBM) blocks in Bengal.ONGC has several unexplored CBM blocks in Bengal. State commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee said if the deal is struck, GEECL may invest another Rs 4,000-4,500 crore in the state. GEECL chairman and chief executive officer Yogendra Kumar Modi said the company is investing Rs 2,500 crore for expanding its Ranigunj project, work on which will start within March.The country's first CBM-producing company has already invested Rs 1,000 crore in the Raniganj project, which has an output of 8.3 million cubic feet per day. \"With expansion, production will double. We have around 25 clients now, including SAIL and other industrial clients from the Durgapur-Asansol belt,\" Modi told reporters after meeting Partha Chatterjee at the Bengal Leads 2012.After tapping clean gas, GEECL passes it on to its industrial clients in that zone through pipelines. Modi said there is a huge demand for this gas in the region.Asked whether the firm will have enough clients to supply gas expansion, he said: \"There is demand and the company will be able to meet that demand of the existing clients after expansion.\" The company also had some security-related problems, which Modi confirmed have been resolved after the state government had intervened and increased patrolling in the zone.Incidentally, GEECL has around 100 wells in the Raniganj area. It also produces CNG by compressing CBM and supplying it to Durgapur area for transport requirements. Besides GEECL, Essar Group has also started exploration of coal bed methane in Raniganj belt and is operating around 50 wells. Both GEECL and Essar are also planning to bring CBM to Kolkata through pipelines for transport and industry sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11469433", "title": "Politics mars race for UGC boss\u2019 post", "text": "NEW DELHI: The HRD ministry's avowed claim that politics should be out of academics has little impact on the ongoing selection process for chairperson's post of the University Grants Commission (UGC).Candidates are openly canvassing political support and the ministry is also pitching for its own candidate in acting chairperson Ved Prakash. The ministry's argument being that he would maintain continuity in the UGC till the organization is subsumed by the proposed National Commission for Higher Education &amp; Research.In case of All India Council for Technical Education ( AICTE), acting chairperson was made full-time chairperson through search-cum-selection process and similar argument was put forth.While former Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in favour of Prakash, two other serious candidates from UP claim support of top Congress leaders. Congress leaders from Punjab are rallying around another candidate from the state.With many competing interests, the two-day meeting of the UGC's search-cum-selection committee headed by scientist Goverdhan Mehta and consisting of jurist N S Madhava Menon and K Srinanth Reddy of Public Health Foundation of India failed to evolve consensus because of deep divisions within the panel. Out of more than 80 applications for the prestigious job, the committee has decided to call 20 candidates for interaction.Twenty academicians called for interaction consist of Prakash; former Delhi University V C Deepak Pental; B Hanumaiah, VC, Ambedkar University; V N Rajsekharan Pillai, former VC, IGNOU; Surbhi Banerjee, VC, Central University of Orissa; R C Sobti, VC, Panjab University; NS Gajbhaiye, VC, Hari Singh Gour Central University, Sagar; Seyed E Hasnain, IIT-Delhi and former VC of Hyderabad University; Sanjay Dhande, director, IIT-Kanpur; N Prabhu Dev, VC, Bangalore University; Arvind Kumar, VC, Magadh University; D P Singh, former VC, BHU; A D Sawant of Rajasthan University; A D N Bajpai, VC, Himachal University; Furqan Qamar, VC, Central University, Himachal Pradesh.This decision to interact is also not unanimous. One search committee member was in favour of factoring in academic and administrative credentials of a candidate. Though he was supported by another panel member, eventually the interaction mode was accepted. \"The committee is as divided as the search-cum-selection panel for selecting NCERT director was in 2010. There is a view that such interaction is often not objective,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11468621", "title": "BJP chief calls upon youth to join politics", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh BJP state president Prabhat Jha urged youngsters to join politics to bring about a positive change in the Indian political system. \"Politics is a serious job and requires youngsters who have passion and desire to work for the nation,\" said Jha on Wednesday while addressing the members of Bharitya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM).He was speaking on at the function organized to commemorate the 150{+t}{+h} birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda that was being observed as Bhartiya Janata Yuva Sankalp Diwas.Jha further said that youth should take inspiration from the life of Swami Vivekananda and dedicate their life for the nation building.\"The country needs a cadre of youth who can contribute to the nation and bring about a change in the Indian politics,\" said Jha adding that there is wrong notion that politics is a trivial thing, in fact it ispolitics was a serious affair and required lot of commitment and dedication. He also administered oath to the youngsters that they will strive for the service of the nation.Pointing towards industry and IT minister Kailash Vijaywargia, Jha said that he is working as a right hand of chief minister andhis contribution to the development of the city was commendable. Highlight the difference between Mahatama Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi, Vijaywargiya said thatBJYM's newly appointed president Golu Shukla tried his best to showcase his strength. State president of BJYMsaid that morcha will induct around five lakh members this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11470034", "title": "2 held in MP for stealing luxury cars from Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: In a breakthrough, the city crime branch's unit 2 has arrested two suspects who used to steal luxury cars, including those belonging to the brands Audi , BMW , Skoda and Mercedes, in different parts of the country.Accused Satyendrasingh Shekhawat and Salman Qureshi have been transferred to the city from Mandsaur, Madhya Pradesh, in connection with various vehicle thefts in the city.ACP Avinash Ambure said that Shekhawat has an MBA degree and would tamper with the Global Positioning Systems (GPS) and Anti-lock Braking Systems (ABS) to steal posh cars. , which posed a tough challenge for the police during the investigation.Ambure said many vehicles were stolen from the city in the recent past and the crime branch suspected that the cars must have been sold in some other parts of the country. Accordingly, Ambure was in touch with the cops from other states.On January 1, superintendent of police of Mandsaur, Madhya Pradesh, contacted Ambure saying that they had nabbed two vehicle thieves and recovered an Innova car stolen from Nashik from them. The accused were later transferred to Nashik.Ambure said that the accused were arrested by the Nashik police in connection to the crime at the Ambad police station and their police custody was sought until January 17. During the probe, the accused confessed to stealing a Scorpio and a Xylo from Nashik, which were sold on the Haryana border.The probe revealed that the duo had stolen nine cars of brands like Audi, BMW, Skoda and Mercedes, from Jaipur, which were used to ferry foreign tourists. They had also been arrested and jailed for two years in Jaipur earlier. Meanwhile, they came into contact with different criminals inside the jail. Satyendrasingh Shekhawat also has a case of murder registered against him in 2004 and is a member of an international gang, the police said. He disposes of the stolen cars in Punjab, Hariyana, Rajasthan, etc and always carries a gun with him. With the help of computer and some scanner he could easily break the Global Positioning System and Anti Break System in cars, due to which the stolen posh cars were not able to trace.The police said that there is a possibility that an inter-state gang is involved in such vehicle thefts. they can reach an interstate gang of vehicle thieves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11472119", "title": "Nana Patekar keeps son out from Chappan sequel", "text": "Helping sons and daughters find a foothold in the industry is a known norm in Bollywood. However, Nana Patekar doesn't subscribe to it.Mumbai Mirror found out that when Ram Gopal Varma suggested that Nana's son Malhar be cast in Ab Tak Chappan sequel, which the actor is directing, Nana firmly turned it down.In fact, Nana insisted that they cast the boy who had played Nana's son in Ab Tak Chappan seven years ago. A source close to the project informed Mumbai Mirror, \"Ram Gopal Varma's production team had to search for him really hard. And finally, they found him.\"When contacted, Varma confirmed the news and added, \"The boy who played Nana's son will be seen again in the sequel. Nana insisted that we have the same boy. His name is Tanmay Jagirdar. He was 12 when he played the role in Ab Tak Chappan. He is 20 now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11468741", "title": "'43% of ore exported in 2010-11 illegally extracted'", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Foundation on Thursday claimed that 43% of ore exported from Goa in 2010-2011 was illegally extracted.Goa Foundation director Claude Alvares said, \"From official figures provided by two separate and independent government sources-directorate of mines and geology (DMG) and Indian bureau of mines (IBM)-it is clear that more than 43% of iron ore exports from Goa in 2010-11 came from illegal or unauthorized mining operations.\"He added that illegal ore exports in the year 2009-10 were to the tune of 33%.Data giving details of production and exports for 2009-10 and 2010-11 was provided as an affidavit in response to the Goa Foundation PIL on illegal mining in the high court of Bombay at Goa.Alvares claims that DMG and IBM had provided divergent data on the number of working leases.While DMG stated that 91 leases operated in 2009-10, IBM said 114 leases operated the same year. Alvares questioned as to what had happened to ore produced and royalty payments of those 23 missing leases.Alvares also noted that according to the DMG affidavit, in 2010-11 total production was 48.38mt (million tons) of iron ore while the exports were 54.03mt. Hence exports exceeded production by 5.65mt.The DMG affidavit does not disclose the sources from where unaccounted 5.65mt were obtained. The sources of this ore are important to ascertain that it was not extracted from illegal mines, Alvares said.IBM data clearly and unambiguously declares that production from so called \"reject dumps\" is \"excess production\" which is outside and beyond permitted production. Hence it does not have the sanction of IBM which is the concerned statutory authority and is therefore illegal.The DMG affidavit acknowledges that 12.60mt of ore were produced from dumps in 2009-10. The corresponding IBM figure for that year is 7.11mt. The difference of 5.49mt reported by these two statutory authorities is truly astonishing, Alvares said. He added that it appeared that mining companies are reporting different quantities to different statutory authorities or else the variations would not have occurred.Based on information provided by DMG in 2009-10, 39 mining leases with environmental clearance (EC) limit of 17.31mt, produced 24.64mt, an excess of 7.33mt. The combined EC limit of 31 leases was 14.82mt while they produced 27.06mt, an excess of 12.24mt.Even data from IBM confirms that in 2009-10, 31 mining leases exceeded their target by 3.26mt while dumps production in excess was 7.11mt, a total of 10.37mt.DMG states that their figure of illegal extraction is 6,000 tonnes from a single mine in the year 2010-2011, which is based on records available in the office. Goa foundation feels this a fit case for a CBI inquiry. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473755", "title": "'Kites have not been used this elaborately in a movie yet'", "text": "Call him method actor or director's actor; Raghubir Yadav has achieved both national and international fame for his movies.Working hard to bring something different to the B-town, Raghubir has been seen in movies of all genres - comedy, horror, drama. Acclaimed for his performance in Aamir Khan's Peepli [Live]and for the portrayal of Hitler in Nalin Singh's Gandhi To Hitler, he will now be seen in Geetanjali Sinha's Yeh Khula Aasmaan.Hemandra Aran, the producer of the film, says, \"This movie is based on today's India and our culture. Where we used to live in joint families, people have moved on to nuclear families. So the subtle learnings given to children by their grandparents is not there. Kids have to look up to external factors to gain confidence. This movie uses kite as an important prop to teach the pattern of life. And in any movie till date, kites have not been used as elaborately as in this movie.\"Raghubir Yadav, who plays a grandfather's role and his grandson comes from America after facing life's struggles, feels that this movie reflects the way of life in current nuclear families. He says, \"This movie throws light on the emotional distances caused by not living in joint families. Patang ka istemaal karke zindagi ki dor ko kaise sambhala jaaye wo bataya gaya hai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11468531", "title": "Kochiites welcome Sreedharan and DMRC to implement Kochi Metro project", "text": "KOCHI: The state government's decision to involve Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) in the implementation of the Kochi Metro project has given fresh hopes to the residents of the city. With India's Metro man E Sreedharan expressing willingness to head the project, citizens as well as people's representatives look forward to getting approval from the central government.\"The confusions regarding the involvement of Sreedharan and DMRC in the project have been sorted out. Now, it has become clear that he will head the project as principal adviser to DMRC. The controversies were the creations of the media, but even in the early stages we were sure of Sreedharan's leadership,\" said Hibi Eden MLA.Extending his support to the project he said that he would continue to find solutions to the concerns of the trading and merchant community related to the actual works of Metro.Kochi mayor Tony Chammany had held discussions with the former DMRC chief regarding the project. On a question on getting support from agencies like the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) and the Kerala Water Authority (KWA) for the completion of preparatory works, the mayor promised that he would take up the issue with the respective authorities.It was pointed out that the sketches of water pipelines and electricity cables were not available with the departments concerned. \"We will hold further meetings to discuss these technical issues and resolve them,\" he said.District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said that the land acquisition procedures would gain momentum in the coming days. \"The government has already issued an order for facilitating rehabilitation of people who will be dislocated for the project. We have almost taken a decision on land acquisition on MG Road and a meeting will be held to decide on the land acquisition on Banerjee road,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Kerala Merchants Union, which had been persistent on having Sreedharan and DMRC at the helm of affairs, expressed satisfaction over the government decision. The union had raised doubts about the timely completion of the project in the absence of the Metro man and his team.\"We cannot leave Kochi and this dream project in the hands of inexperienced engineers. We are happy that the government has taken the most appropriate decision,\" said K Venkitesh Pai, president, Kerala Merchants Union.The Ernakulam District Residents Association Apex Council (EDRAAC) pins their hopes and expectations on Sreedharan for the timely execution of the project. \"We are happy that that the uncertainties are over and the people across the state are looking forward to the commissioning of this project in three years. It should be ensured that there is an excellent coordination between various agencies of central and state governments to implement the project,\" EDRAAC president Rangadasa Prabhu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11469239", "title": "Prayers at Vivekananda aide\u2019s cemetery", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: As part of Swami Vivekananda's birth anniversary observed as 'National Youth Day', a special prayer was conducted by social organizations here. The prayer was held at the cemetery of J Josaiah Goodwin, stenographer of Swami Vivekananda, at St Thomas Church in Ooty, on the 150th birth anniversary of Vivekananda, on Thursday.The event was attended by Ramkrishna Seva Sangh, Public Awareness Associations and Udhavum Karangal. The event was organized by 'MANAS', a social service organization. \"We have planned to plant 'shola' tree saplings in important places in the Nilgiris this year to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. All the planted saplings will be recorded for maintenance purpose,\" said V Sivadass, secretary MANAS.The first 'shola' tree sapling, an indigenous species in the Nilgiri hills, was planted by Swami Suka Athmanandha, head of Ramakrishna Mutt Ooty chapter, in the Government Botanical Garden (GBG) in the presence of V Ramsundar, assistant director of horticulture (GBG). \"It is a humble tribute to this unknown soul. The world owes a great debt to him,\" said Swami Suka Athmanandha, who also visited Goodwin's cemetery.Vivekananda's birth anniversary was declared 'National Youth Day' by former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1986. Last year, about 150 'shola' tree saplings were planted by students of RK Puram municipal middle school in the presence of Swami Suka Athmanandha to mark the beginning of 150th birth anniversary.Swamiji's English stenographer, and disciple, J J Goodwin, who died from enteric fever on June 2, 1898, in Ooty, had his mortal remains interred at the famous St Thomas Church Cemetery. Swamiji had tried several stenographers before he settled on Goodwin towards the end of 1895. Goodwin was English who migrated to the USA.Goodwin followed Vivekananda to England and was responsible for the reports of all lectures of Vivekanada.\"As Swamiji was a fast and eloquent speaker and always spoke extemporaneously in a mood of prophetic inspiration, it was quite difficult to get a stenographer who could cope with Swamiji, both because of his fluency. Unfortunately, he died when he was only 27 years old,\" an organiser said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11470166", "title": "The power of three", "text": "Pune turned up in large numbers for some magical fusion moments on Thursday and the trio that is part of the band Asia Electrik did not let the city down. Louiz Banks, wearing his familiar black cap and retro glasses, was at his mesmerizing best on the keyboards. Asad Khan on sitar, looking cool in a black ensemble, proved yet again that he has what it takes to charm one and all. But the show-stealer was the prolific Sivamani, sporting his trademark bandana paired with a red dhotikurta and a jacket.The ensemble was also joined by guest artiste Runa Rizvi, whose touching vocals added to the overall performance. In the track 'The Jogi', she managed to hold her own amidst the stalwarts.Sivamani played, as always, like a man possessed. He used drums from across the world to make music that has to be heard to be believed. The audience was hypnotised by the master percussionist. They swayed to his music, danced to his beats and applauded him each time he stopped to take a well-deserved breath.Sivamani, Banks and Khan complemented each other beautifully. Ecah composition was masterful, beautifully bringing together percussion, keyboards and sitar. It was a perfect act; a master symphony. Three very different notes came together to create unmatched music. Each gave the other space and, at the same time, merged together wonderfully. Between them, they set the stage on fire time and again.The stage was lined with various kinds of instruments that Sivamani used during the performance. He created extraordinary beats from some ordinary steel utensils, ghungroos, conches and even a 20-litre plastic mineral water jar! He used his vocals too to make music; even a clap from Sivamani spoke music. It was an evening dedicated to beautiful music. And, of course, the historic Shaniwarwada added to the charm. Listening to these greats against the dominating facade was a sight to behold.Compositions such as 'Esperance', 'Encounter' and 'Jimi Comes to India' got the crowd into the groove. It felt like one big party, with the gathering enjoying to the hilt. A m b e r - ish Koul was t h e re with his friends and none of them seemed to get enough of the music. \"It's wonderful. Truly out of the world,\" said Amberish. His friend, Chetan Ashtekar, chipped in, \"This is the third time I am watching Sivamani perform. He springs a surprise each time.\"It was difficult to be heard in the crowd as they lost all inhibition and gave in to the incredible music that was being made on stage. The blending of music that Banks, Khan and Siva exhibited is the stuff fans dream of - one made the drums talk, the other caressing the sitar and the third demonstrating his whiz skills on the keyboards.The solo pieces that each artiste delivered left everyone spellbound. The playing seemed so effortless, but the sheer beauty of each composition was a treat.Simi Kataria, a resident of Vimannagar, said, \"I work for a BPO and had to take leave today to make it to the show. I know I'll have to put in extra hours, but this show has been truly worthwhile.\"The trio gave the playing all that they had. 'Hamsadhwani' and 'Save the planet' took the evening to a different high. The crowds returned the compliment by egging them on with ear-shattering applause.As promised earlier, Sivamani enthralled Puneites with his newest acquisition - the Lion head drum. Shaped just like your ordinary drum, it had a lion painted on it, hence the name. And, when Siva plays the drum, it, well, roars! The audience went wild on each beat. As Siva lost himself in his music, so did the audience. This is what they had come to hear and the jampacked ground was pulsating with life.Communications student Mohamed Haider said, \"I went to great pains to manage VIP passes for the show. This is one event you just don't want to miss. Sivamani is mind blowing.\"Sivamani extracts music from anything and everything. It is his show and he doesn't disappoint. A showman to the very core, he lit up the entire venue with his performance. Both Khan and Banks stepped back to let Sivamani wow the audience. He played not only for the crowds, but also for himself, challenging his instruments to match his vocals.Towards the end, his son, Kumaran, who studies in Pune, joined him on stage. The lad proved he is a chip off the old block. The music reached a crescendo before coming to a gentle stop. Runa Rizvi ends the concert with 'Vaishnav Jana To'. It was the perfect finale to a perfect evening. The look of pure ecstasy on the faces all around was the prize that the band members were taking back with them.(Marriott Pune Hotel &amp; Convention Centre is the hospitality partner for the Times Pune Festival while Radio Mirchi is the radio partner.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11469815", "title": "HC asks governor's office to file replies", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court has asked the governor's office, the competent authority under the Lokayukta Act, former chief minister N Dharam Singh and the government to file replies in two weeks with regard to a PIL. It seeks action against Dharam Singh following the interim report on illegal mining submitted on December 18, 2008 by Justice Santosh Hegde. The governor was then Rameshwar Thakur.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Thursday gave this directive after counsel representing the governor's office sought time. Petitioner D Natesh claimed that though action was recommended against the former CM in the interim report , none was taken. In a related development , Justice N Ananda adjourned to Tuesday the hearing on a criminal petition filed by Dharam Singh and others challenging the FIR registered against them by Lokayukta police on the same issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11472161", "title": "Arjun Rampal launches his perfume brand", "text": "Two years in the making, Arjun Rampal's perfume was finally uncapped for the world. With two fragrances to start off, the actor has officially become the third celebrity to own a perfume brand.The other two being Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan. Joining the exclusive league has not been easy, claims Arjun. \"Selecting a fragrance for a perfume is extremely time-consuming. It took me six months to do so.One can't allot more than three hours a day to the scents because after that your sense of smell goes for a toss. I had to continue trying the fragrance and in-between I had to dunk my head into pots of coffee to stop my olfactory senses from shutting down. But you know what, it's finally all been worth it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11469566", "title": "Chidambaram sore with Army chief\u2019s age row", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister P Chidambaram on Thursday expressed his unhappiness over General VK Singh death-of-birth row and said: \"We hold the Army Chief in great respect. He is a fine soldier. He has done remarkable service to the country.\"\"We are unhappy that the controversy should have erupted but I am hopeful that that controversy will be resolved.\" When asked about Gen Singh's allegations of vested interests being behind the row, the home minister said, \"I don't know what are the vested interests, but the matter is being dealt with fairly and justly by the ministry concerned.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11469647", "title": "Gang selling fake gold items busted", "text": "JODHPUR: A gang selling fake gold items was busted by police on Thursday and arrested two members of its gang. Cash amounting to Rs 6 lakh, a vehicle and a brick of fake gold along with some tools were recovered from them. The gang, which is believed to have more members, has cheated over a dozen people by selling them fake gold items like statues and bricks claiming to have found them in some excavation. So far, they have admitted to have cheated 16 people in Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra and Karnataka over the past five years.Describing their modus operandi, ACP Harendra Kumar said the gang \"Tatlu\" used to trap its victims by showing them some gold items like a statue or a brick which they claimed to be quite old and pure gold found in some excavation. \"They used to tell their victims that they would sell the items at a very attractive price and lured them into a deal,\" he said. The officer further said they would then take a slice out of a corner of the item so that it can be checked for its purity by any goldsmith of the victims' choice.Kumar said the culprits had earlier welded a piece of pure gold at a corner of the brick, which they would slice it off with a saw and give it to their prospective customers for check, thus fooling their victims into believing the whole item is made of pure gold.Those arrested have been identified as Kewal Chand and Vikram Singh both from Jodhpur district. So far, the gang has admitted to have sold about three bricks and eight statues besides deals for laptops in Jodhpur, Pali, Jaisalmer, Sojat, Bikaner, Ahmedabad, Bhusawal and Bengaluru in the past five years. Further investigations into the case are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11470359", "title": "Maryland varsity students tour UoM campus", "text": "MYSORE: Students from the University of Maryland, Institute for International Programs Education Abroad programme visited International School of Information Management (ISIM), UoM, on Wednesday.They toured the ISIM campus and had an informal discussion with the ISIM students. The group shared their experiences of studying in the US and in turn got to know about studying in India. Taverekere Srikantaiah, who headed the study tour, spoke about the University of Maryland and the different courses it offers. The University of Maryland, School of Information Studies offers four different courses on Library and Information Science, Information Management, Human Computer Interaction and PhD programme in multi-disciplinary subjects.Shalini R Urs briefed ISIM's journey from conception to execution and how ISIM has evolved since the beginning. The international students, while being appreciative of the culture edge, were interested in knowing the syllabus of ISIM. Pouria Noraseth of Master of Information Management program of University of Maryland suggested including course on 'Risk Management' and 'Project Management.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11468912", "title": "Milk shortage ends, flush season dawns", "text": "PONDA: With the 'flush season' in milk production commencing on Monday, milk supply to Goa has been restored giving a respite to local consumers.\"As the recent report by Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) has clarified that Goa Dairy's milk has no adulteration, the demand for the dairy's milk has increased,\" said Sadanand Kulkarni, managing director (MD), Goa Dairy.In the past month, Goa had faced an acute shortage of milk due to a prolonged lean season of milk.Normally, April to November is a lean season for milk production, while December to March is called flush season. Last year, the lean season continued up to December. It resulted in a shortage of about 6,000 litres of milk on an average per day.Goa's milk consumption per day is 1.25 lakh litres. But, the dairy was able to procure only 70-75,000 litres per day during the lean season, stated Kulkarni. As the flush season began on Monday, the dairy has been getting a daily supply of 74,000 litres from Maharashtra and 51,000 litres from Goan dairy farmers.Goa Dairy is the only dairy supplying milk in a large quantity in the state. The dairy strictly follows standards.\"If any adulteration is found, the dairy returns the entire tanker. As a result, the central organization did not find any adulteration in the milk produced in Goa,\" the managing director said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468622", "title": "Poultry industry in the grip of a crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: It appears the poultry industry in the state is heading for a major slump with thousands of marginal and big farmers incurring huge losses. Following the rising rates of feed, particularly soyabean and maize, along with production costs in the last three months, experts are not ruling out negative growth for the poultry industry in the coming months.The production cost for broiler chicken has gone up from Rs 30 to Rs 50 per kg but the market rate has decreased from Rs 100 to Rs 70 a kg. \"Skinless chicken is available at Rs 102 a kg, the dressed chicken at Rs 86 and live bird for Rs 50,\" A Gopal Reddy, executive director of a private hatchery, pointed out. The production cost was Rs 42 per kg a few months ago and the market rate of Rs 100 per kg was economically viable for the breeders.Industry observers said this kind of crisis hit the poultry sector two years ago. \"Looking at the current scenario there seems to be no hope for next six months,\" an expert reasoned.One tonne of soyabean now costs Rs 16,000 as against Rs 12,000 in October/November last year. Similarly, a tonne of maize costs Rs 12,000 as against Rs 9,000 a year ago. The poultry farm owners also have another worry with the rates of 50 types of imported varieties of feed like amino acids and vitamins to breed chicken going up.Apart from 20 per cent increase in input cost, the industry is also plagued by frequent power cuts. \"In fact, power cuts are wreaking havoc. While generators are an additional burden, many chicken die in the sheds because of power supply changes as they are sensitive to power fluctuations,\" rued S Narendar Reddy, a chicken breeder from Ranga Reddy district.Industry sources say as a result of increase in production costs, 14,000 poultry breeders and 95 hatcheries across the state are in doldrums. Andhra Pradesh produces about three crore broiler chicken every month but with the industry facing a rough patch, the production could decline. Telangana is the worst-hit with 60 per cent of the breeders belonging to the region.Industry observers said the situation is grim in Medak (with 1,387 breeders), Ranga Reddy (826), Nalgonda (1,140), Mahbubnagar (1,140) along with Chittoor (1,191), West Godavari (658) and Krishna (772) districts which account for the majority poultry breeders in the state.As a solution to tide over the crisis, breeders want the government to ban forward trading in maize and soyabean immediately. \"In addition, we want the government to ensure continuous power supply to the sheds,\" D Ram Reddy, state poultry breeders association president, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469436", "title": "Junior engineer caught taking Rs2,000 bribe", "text": "NAGPUR: A contractor landed a junior engineer in the anti-corruption bureau net after he demanded a bribe to sanction the construction chart.Ramesh Shambharkar (39), posted at Umred Municipal Council, was caught red-handed while taking the bribe of Rs2,000 from the contractor Rajendra Meshram, a resident of Umred.Meshram, who had taken a contract to construct a building on Shailesh Khanorkar's plot, had lodged a complaint with the anti-corruption bureau on Wednesday afternoon.Since last few weeks, Meshram has been going to Shambharkar to pass Khanorkar's plot chart. However, Shambharkar would always tell Meshram to come later. On Wednesday, Shambharkar demanded Rs2,000 to pass the chart. Though Meshram agreed to pay the bribe, he immediately contacted ACB officials.On Thursday, as instructed by the cops, Meshram went with the cash to Shambharkar's office. While giving the cash, Meshram signalled to the cops who arrested Shambharkar red-handed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11469345", "title": "ATS arrests terror accused in state capital", "text": "LUCKNOW: The anti-terrorism squad of the Uttar Pradesh Police arrested a terror accused in Lucknow on Thursday. Wanted in connection with a bomb blast near a gas station in Sitapur in 2007, Aleem was carrying a cash reward of Rs 15,000 on his head announced by the Uttar Pradesh Police. He has confessed to his connections with a group called Mujahideen-Islam-Al-Hind.Additonal director general of police (ATS) Subesh Kumar Singh told TOI that acting on a tip-off followed by sustained surveillance, the ATS nabbed Aleem of Hardoi from Thakurganj area of the state capital. Aleem was wanted in connection with a bomb blast near Prakash Petrol Pump in Kotwali area of Sitapur on May 25, 2007. A youth was killed and another one injured in the blast. The victims were passing by the scene on a motorcycle when the bomb went off.It was after sustained grilling of the injured youth - later identified as Alam - it was revealed that he and his slain friend were themselves carrying the bomb and wanted to plant it on Shatabdi Bus plying between Sitapur and Delhi. Alam also identified himself as a member of Mujahideen-Islam-Al-Hind, a militant group active on the India-Napal border. Alam told the investigators that two more Hardoi youths - Aslam and Saleem were also involved in the crime apart from Aleem.Following his arrest on Thursday, Aleem told his interrogators that in 2005, he got into the crime of smuggling fake Indian currency notes from Nepal into UP. It was during one of the trips that he met some Muslim youths in Bahraich who offered him the membership of the militant outfit.He told the police that he left UP on the day the blast took place. After spending a couple of years in Nepal, he had started visiting UP for the past two years but never stayed back for more than a week at a stretch.\"He was questioned at length by the Intelligence agencies who see the arrest as an important catch in terms of mapping the presence of other similar unknown or lesser known militant outfits. There are some similar units that have gone undergoing but were capable of being activated to carry out terror activities on a short notice,\" ADG ATS Subesh Kumar Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473176", "title": "Paul Bettany's musical obsession", "text": "Paul Bettany is \"addicted\" to antique guitars.The 40-year-old actor has spent thousands of pounds on vintage instruments but says the most valuable one was a gift from wife Jennifer Connelly .He said: \"My main addiction is guitars. I like antique guitars, and I can't even begin to tell you how much I've spent on them. Though I think my wife actually bought me my most expensive one, actually.\"Paul - who raises children Kai, 14, Stellan, eight and Agnes, seven months, with Jennifer - admitted he doesn't mind being recognised when he is doing his job but he gets so enraged if people intrude on his private time, he wants to \"kill people\".He told Shortlist magazine: \"If I'm at a premiere it's because I'm in the film or my wife is in it. I accept certain things about my job - if someone comes up and says, 'I really liked you in so and so,' that's nice, that's fine.\"But seeing paparazzi outside my kids' school makes me want to kill people. In a life that has lots of good things, that's the one annoyance.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469349", "title": "Now, GTU students to attend lectures on TV", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If all goes well, students of Gujarat Technological University (GTU) will be able to watch and learn from subject experts lecturing via television. GTU in collaboration with Bhaskaracharya Institute for Space Applications and Geoinformatics (BISAG) will develop a lecture series which is expected to be aired on television from February onwards.Officials said GTU was in deliberations with BISAG for a slot for their lectures to be aired so students of technical courses in the state can benefit from the expert lecture series. However, BISAG only had a night-time slot free and the project was shelved.Now, BISAG is expected to get two more channels and a plan is underway to offer one channel to GTU where special lectures can be aired for students of technical degree courses. \"If all goes well, the series is expected to be aired from February. Hence, we have called for details of senior professors who can help develop lectures,\" GTU officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "director", "code": "11473907", "title": "Chaalis Chauraasi: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Hriday Shetty Cast: Naseeruddin Shah, Kay Kay Menon, Ravi Kishan, Atul KulkarniIt would really take some effort to mess up a film starring four supremely talented actors in lead roles. An uninspiring script and a dreary director work overtime to achieve such lackluster results. At the outset, Chaalis Chauraasi looks promising with its atypical cast and chronicle. But the one-dimensional plot fails to tap the immense potential of both.Four policemen are on night patrol duty in their van but soon it turns out that the cops are actually crooks. Bobby (Atul Kulkarni) is a pimp, Pinto (Kay Kay Menon) a car thief and Shakti (Ravi Kishan) a drug peddler. Sir (Naseeruddin Shah) gets them together for a big loot worth Rs 20 crores. For their covert mission, they rob a police van and pose as cops. Until they encounter a real encounter-specialist (Rajesh Sharma) en-route.The basic premise sounds interesting enough but the actual culprit of this crime-comedy is Yash-Vinay's humdrum writing that fails to excite after the initial reels. Each character is individually introduced through episodes that excite only intermittently and the film takes too long to come to point. Once it does, it again strays into some haywire underworld encounter and when it finally arrives at the climax, it keeps beating around the bush - quite literally!The primary plotline eventuates over the span of one night but director Hriday Shetty fails to keep the proceedings eventful, with the single-track storytelling getting repetitive after a while. One expects more momentous moments like, say, the similar one-night setting film Ek Chaalis Ki Last Local but Chaalis Chauraasi doesn't even come close. Moreover the narrative cuts into frequent flashbacks so the one-night setting doesn't quite register.The male-dominated drama could have easily done without a female character and forcing Shweta Bhardwaj in the plot was absolutely avoidable. Also having three tiresome item songs in quick succession is surely not a sane idea for a thriller flick. And when the director is at loss of anything original or intelligent in the end, he opts for a painfully slapstick climax.The dialogues are trite, editing is lousy and music is enervating. How one wishes Hriday Shetty would have put his impressive cast to better use over making them sing and dance needlessly and hopelessly at the drop of a hat. Neither does he have a great story at hands nor the prowess to extract effective acts from his cast. So everyone from Naseeruddin Shah , Kay Kay Menon, Ravi Kishan and Atul Kulkarni remain underutilized and fail to rise above the middling script.Chaalis Chauraasi can be used as a case-study example on how good actors can go awry in the hands of mediocre writers and directors. Be alert next time!Verdict: Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469443", "title": "Santoor legend holds sway over Saptak", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Pandit Shivkumar Sharma's aura of epic eminence illuminated Day 11 of the Saptak Music Festival. It is a light that not only reveals Pandit Sharma's place in the house of Hindustani immortals, but also clarifies how he conferred a new voice to Indian classical music. Santoor has a lofty status in the Hindustani canon today owing solely to panditiji's saadhana, his unsurpassable mastery of his art, and his visionary crusade to stay true to his instincts.\"It was a very long struggle during which I pressed on single-handedly,\" panditji told TOI in an exclusive exchange. \"Ultimately, the sceptics were convinced that santoor had its own musical language.\" At Saptak, panditji's usual acuity was on display when he rendered Raga Charukeshi. He dwelt on nuances with the gentle, yet penetrating, wisdom of a sage. The grander passages were played with the pomp of a coronation. Amid such virtuosity, it is easy to forget the real extent of panditji's accomplishments.\"I started performing from the early 1950s,\" panditji said. \"In 1955, I made my first appearance at a major festival in Mumbai. Until then, I had been playing this Kashmiri 100-string instrument without any modifications. I received mixed reactions at the Haridas Sammelan concert.\" The reception prompted panditji to modify the instrument. \"I made the changes to give the instrument distinct characteristics like tonal quality, the range of three octaves, and a new tuning system.\"Panditji also furnished santoor-playing with the sitting posture. \"In Kashmir, the instrument is placed on a wooden stand during performances,\" he said. \"Finally, I developed a technique to bring out the nuances of Indian classical music using wooden kalams (strikers).\"At Amrut Mody School of Management, panditji's victory over circumstances was being commemorated by the triumphant emergence of Charukeshi. The audience was so moved that it violated the concert tehzeeb and applauded the many moments of delicious intricacy. Panditji compassionately urged rasikas to restrain themselves.\"Indian classical music offers much more than entertainment ,\" panditji told TOI. \"It is connected with the spiritual ethos of our culture. So when I render the alaap - which is played without the tabla - it is like offering a prayer. If rasikas clap during this part, it is a distraction. I want them to share the bliss I experience. When the tabla enters a passage, there is an element of excitement and entertainment, and I don't stop them from applauding.\"Rasikas had scores of reasons to submit deferential acclaim on Day 11. One of them was the performance of the respected sitar maestro Budhaditya Mukerjee. \"According to me, he is the sitar god of his age,\" said the satvik veena icon Salil Bhatt, whose album 'Be Comfortable' was released in India and worldwide earlier this month. \"Mukerjee's genius is breathtaking, pulsating. Yet, he does not seek the media glare.\" Mukerjee played Raga Yaman's alaap on surbahar (a rare sitar-like instrument) and Tilak Kamod on the sitar.In Mukerjee's hands, Yaman showed its gamakas (vibratory effect on lower octaves) and meend (glide from note to note) with proud fervour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11468968", "title": "Rs 500 is what she sold her kid for", "text": "CHENNAI: As trains pass through Park railway station, a group of women and children look on from the steps of the foot-overbridge. While the barefooted children run around the platform, the women sit guarding plastic bags that seem to contain all their belongings.Selvi, the woman who was arrested along with three others on Wednesday for trying to sell her newborn, had been living under a tree at the far end of the platform for the last eight years. Garbage and wasted food litter the base of the tree which is next to a small opening leading to a wine shop outside the station. Her arrest brought to light the city's underbelly which lives in stark poverty.According to K S Kumarvelu, the autorickshaw driver who reported the incident to the police, Selvi was offered just Rs 500 for her three-day-old baby girl. Passersby at the railway station say Selvi was one of more than 30 homeless people who sleep on the platform every night. Selvi, who was already mother to two daughters, gave birth to a girl on January 8 at the Kasturi Bai Gandhi Hospital in Triplicane. She left the hospital with the child on Tuesday, without informing hospital authorities.\"She never had a job and used to beg for food and money. An old man, who also lives on the platform, helped her with food and money,\" said a woman, who sat crouched on the platform and claimed to be a sweeper. According to them, Selvi had told Sarala, a flower seller outside Park station, that she was willing to give up her newborn if it turned out to be a girl.\"She couldn't afford to look after another baby as she didn't have a home,\" said Salim, Sarala's brother who works as a coolie at the station. \"Selvi is not married and has no source of income,\" he added. Sarala's husband works as a waiter in a restaurant outside the station. Her relatives believe that she was trying to do a good deed by helping a childless couple. \"It was a solution that would have suited Selvi too,\" they say.The women at the station don't seem to think Selvi was wrong in wanting to sell her baby. \"The problem with her was that she wanted to take the easy way out. She was not interested in working. She could have taken up a job as a sweeper or a coolie,\" says a woman.Kumarvelu says he suspected foul play when he saw the three women exchanging a large amount of cash outside the Chintadripet railway station. \"When Selvi's five-year-old daughter started crying about her baby sister being given away, I tried to intervene. That is when I found out what was happening,\" says Kumarvelu. The other two women, Sarala and Saroja, both residents of Amma Nagar and brokers in the transaction, pocketed Rs 20,000 each and gave Rs 500 to Selvi, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11468880", "title": "Bird flu: Coastal districts pull up their socks", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Around 300 poultry birds have died at a farm in Jagatsinghpur's Raghunathpur village and about 40 poultry birds, 36 ducks and 24 swans died an unnatural death at a farm house in Paradip on Wednesday, said Premananda Rout, the chief district veterinary officer (CDVO) of Jagatsinghpur on Thursday. The area within seven-km radius where the birds have died has been kept under surveillance, the officer said, adding that crow deaths have also been reported from Paradip recently.\"We have sent samples for laboratory tests to Bhopal-based High Security Animal Disease Laboratory,\" he said, adding that fowls have been vaccinated to contain spread of H5N1 virus. \"We formed rapid response teams comprising livestock inspectors, village gomitras and veterinary officers to check bird flu. All poultry will be vaccinated shortly to prevent bird flu. We will decide whether to cull or not to cull near the affected areas,\" Rout said.Crows dropping dead in Paradip has given rise to panic. The veterinary department has asked people not to touch the dead crows. It has requested people to keep away from the dead birds and inform the administration when they spot these. On Wednesday, Jagatsinghpur collector Narayan Chandra Jena chalked out plans to prevent bird flu in the district.Some ducks also died at Danagadi in Jajpur district on Wednesday. \"On Thursday, we sent a dead duck to the Animal Disease Research Institute (ADRI) in Bhubaneswar. Earlier, we had sent two dead crows to ADRI,\" said K.C. Mohanty, the chief district veterinary officer (CDVO) of Jajpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11469183", "title": "Bonfire brings hearts together", "text": "LUDHIANA: Setting a perfect example of communal harmony in city, a group of 20 vibrant youngsters belonging to different religions and in the age group of 15 to 25, have decided to come together and celebrate Lohri. The youngsters plan to fly kites the entire day amidst music at the roof of Subhan Restaurant along Brown Road and later party hard in the evening.Azhar, 17, who is the organizer of the celebrations, said, \"Lohri is an important festival of Punjab and has a social significance. And so, we thought of showcasing the true picture of the state by organizing a function wherein youths of different religions from Sarabha Nagar, Civil Lines, Dugri and Haibowal and other areas of the city will come together to celebrate the festival in true Punjabi spirit.''About preparations, he added, \"We have bought 750 kites including two specially ordered \"tukkal\" kites. Besides, we have also bought 15kg dor (kite threads) and hired a DJ for the function. We will start flying kites from early morning and continue till 6pm after which we will party and have dinner together.'' Kunwar Singh, 21, a resident of Civil Lines who is also anxiously waiting for the big bash, says, \"We collected money from each of the participants. Besides, we are also putting across a message of communal harmony in Ludhiana.''Mathew D Souza, a businessman of Iesa Nagri who runs a mobile shop, said, \"I am glad to be a part of this group who besides celebrating the festival, are also sending across an important message to the society.''17-year-old Abhishek Jain, a Class XI student of Civil Lines area who is also participating in the function, said, \"Last year also we celebrated Lohri together in a similar fashion. And this year too we pray for world peace .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "armoor", "code": "11468640", "title": "Jagan\u2019s silence on Telangana issue irks party leaders", "text": "ARMOOR: Jaganmohan Reddy has disappointed farmers, Telangana protagonists and his YSR Congress Party workers by choosing to keep mum on the separate Telangana issue during his 25-minute speech following the termination of his 48-hour rythu deeksha at Armoor.While party cadre and Telangana activists eagerly awaited a fresh statement from Jagan on the separate statehood issue, the Kadapa MP did not utter a single word on Telangana at Armoor.Jagan had tried to make peace with pro-Telangana activists by announcing that his party would not contest in the ensuing by-elections to six seats in the region, but Telangana leaders were antagonized by the YSR Cong leader's refusal to talk on the issue.A YSR Congress leader from Nizamabad town said on the condition of anonymity that he was thoroughly disappointed with his leader.\"We expected Jagan would make some statement on Telangana and, hopefully, that would allow us to make inroads in the Telangana region. But Jagan was tightlipped on the matter and that will not go down well with pro-Telangana forces,\" he explained.Another leader said that had there been some statement from Jagan, it could have paved the way for free movement by Jagan and his party leaders in the region without harassment by TJAC activists.\"But Jagan's advisers goofed it up and it's going to be a long haul for our party,\" he rued.A farmer Narsaiah, of Mendora of Morthad mandal, said that there was no clarity in Jagan's statement and averred that the Kadapa MP needed to get his act together before undertaking any tours of Telangana.Another farmer, Sayanna from Jakranpalli mandal, said Telugu Desam Party president N Chandrababu Naidu had betrayed the farming community after coming to power. Similarly, he said that they were \"beginning to believe that Jagan would also take Naidu's route and ditch us\".A huge number of women's group members, students, youth and farmers from adjacent Karimnagar and Adilabad districts were forcibly brought to YSR Pranganam by local party leaders after the thin turnout for Wednesday's deekha camp.Earlier, Telangana YSR Congress leaders like Konda Surekha, Bajireddy Goverdhan and Ravindra Naik said that there was no need for Jagan to make another statement on Telangana since their leader had already made his stand clear on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11469562", "title": "Three held for duping farmers", "text": "AKOLA: Three persons have been arrested by Ramdaspeth police in Akola on Tuesday, for duping many farmers to the tune of lakhs of rupees by floating a fake firm.Several farmers from Akola, Buldhana and Washim districts of West Vidarbha region were promised easy loan by Nashik-based Ekdanta Marketing Company. The kingpin Dnyaneshwar Patil, the manager of the company, Dhananjay Bondfale and Gopichand Jadhav, a beneficiary farmer were arrested on Tuesday near the railway station.While Patil hails from Nashik, Dhananjay Bondfale is a resident of Lonar in Bulhdana. They roped in Gopichand Jadhav (also from Lonar) as an agent.The modus operandi is that the marketing company takes Rs 7,000 to provide loan of Rs 1 lakh, Rs 14,000 for Rs 2 lakh and Rs 21,000 for granting loan of Rs 3 lakh. The farmers of particularly Washim district were cheated by the firm.The accused Dnyaneshwar Patil, the so called manager of the firm had come to Dabha village in Washim district and contacted some farmers and explained them the procedure of granting loan.As many as 15 farmers from Dabha, Chandhi, Manora and Ruprala villages gave the earnest amount as per the scheme. Patil allegedly issued cheques to six farmers. When the farmers sent the cheques for clearance at the bank, all the cheques got bounced.Suspecting foul play, some alert farmers called the police and contacted Patil on mobile phone. Patil later called them to come to Akola railway station. There the police sent a decoy to enter into a deal and immediately arrested the trio. The three arrested persons will shortly be handed over to Mangrulpir police in Washim district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11469955", "title": "Poll pressure? Obama ties rewards to jobs market", "text": "WASHINGTON: US president Barack Obama on Wednesday said his administration will soon come out with policies to reward companies that bring back jobs from overseas and invest in America.At the same time, he vowed to eliminate tax breaks for companies that move jobs overseas. The policies in this regard are expected to be announced in the next few weeks and when he submits his Annual Budget proposals to Congress.\"In the next few weeks, we're going to put forward new tax proposals that reward companies that choose to bring jobs home and invest in America. And we are going to eliminate tax breaks for companies that are moving jobs overseas,\" Obama said, addressing leaders of the corporate world at an event at the White House .He said he does not want America to be a nation that's primarity known for financial speculation and racking up debt on account of buying stuff from other nations. \"I want us to be known for making and selling products all over the world stamped with three proud words: 'Made in America' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nasik", "code": "11470073", "title": "'Cops' rob woman of jewellery worth 75k", "text": "NASIK: A woman was robbed of her ornaments in the city by thieves posing as cops. The two miscreants told the woman to remove her ornaments saying that a police checking was going on nearby.The victim, Ujjwala Thatte (69), in the complaint that she filed at the Sarkarwada police station on Wednesday, said that the miscreants asked her to remove her gold bangles and keep them in a bag. When she did as she was told, the conmen snatched the bag from her and fled from the scene.The incident took place near the Mhasoba Temple on Untawadi Road. A day before the incident took place, Deepali Kulkarni (45) was robbed in a similar fashion near Devendra Society at Indira Nagar. Such thefts, where thieves pose as cops, have become common in Nashik city.One arrested for molesting 10-year-old: Prince Bhatu Borse, a resident of Radhakrishna Nagar, Satpur, has been arrested by the Satpur Police on charges of outraging the modesty of a 10-year-old, who was returning home from her school.As per the complaint filed by Surekha Gavli of Radhakrishna Nagar, the accused called the victim to his home on Wednesday at 6pm and started making sexual advances to her. The Satpur Police have arrested Borse under various sections of the Indian Penal Code.Four bikes reported stolen in city: Four bikes were reported stolen from different parts of the city on Wednesday. A bike worth Rs 15,000 belonging to Baliram Pagare was stolen from the parking lot of Hotel Sai Kripa, Nashik Road, on Wednesday. Digambar Kadam's bike worth Rs 20,000 was stolen from the parking lot of Regimental Plaza on Tuesday. Another bike worth Rs 35,000 was stolen from the resient of Popat Bhamre on Tuesday. Suresh Nerkar's bike worth Rs 60,000 was reported stolen on Wednesday. Rupesh Kenkre's bike worth Rs 25,000 was reported stolen on November 28 from the Golf Club Grounds between 7.45 pm and 8.40 pm. Rupesh Kenkre filed a complaint on Wednesday at Sarkarwada Police Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11474266", "title": "US to withdraw 7,000 troops from Europe: Panetta", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US will withdraw about 7,000 troops from bases in Europe as part a new defence strategy to accommodate hundreds of billions of dollars in budget cuts over the coming decade, a top US official has said.As part of 10-year defence strategy announced last week, the United States will withdraw two brigades, or roughly 7,000 US troops, from Europe replacing it with rotational units, US Defence Secretary Leon Panetta said.In an interview to the American Forces Press Service, an in-house Defence Department news service, Panetta said, \"The change is part of a new, 10-year defence strategy announced by President Barack Obama last week that emphasizes air-sea doctrine to better allow the United States to confront more than one threat at a time.\"\"Still, ground forces will remain important, and soldiers and Marines will continue to deploy to Afghanistan and be on the Korean Peninsula and partnering with nations around the globe,\" he said.\"We will continue to maintain our presence both in the Middle East and Asia . Yes, we'll have the Navy and the Air Force, but in my experience, in any conflict you need to have the potential use of ground forces,\" Panetta added.The Defence Secretary said he is excited about the prospect of using Army units on a rotational basis, just as Special Forces and the Marine Corps do.\"Getting the Army to deploy to areas conducting exercises providing, most of all, a partnership with countries in Latin America , Africa , other countries where we can show the flag\" is important, he said.Army Chief of Staff General Ray Odierno is particularly excited about the ability to develop that rotational capability, Panetta said.\"It will keep the ground forces very meaningful in the future,\" he added.Obama unveiled the new military strategy earlier this month for a leaner US military focused on countering China's rising power and signalling a shift away from large ground wars against insurgents.The \"defence strategic review\" sets out an approach for the US military in a looming era of austerity, as Obama's administration prepares for USD 487 billion in defence cuts over the next 10 years.As the Army replaces the two brigade combat teams with rotational units, the Europeans actually will see more US forces because the American forces in Europe have more often than not been deployed to Iraq or Afghanistan, Panetta said, who gave this interview on his way to Fort Bliss in Texas .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11470055", "title": "BJP youth bash on Swamiji b'day", "text": "RANCHI: The Bhartiya Janta Yuva Morcha (BJYM) the youth wing of BJP, organized a mass youth gathering in all district headquarters of the state on Thursday to commemorate 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. The main programme was organized in the capital where over 3,000 office bearers of the BJP youth wing congregated to listen to their leaders.Another meet was organized in Jamshedpur where BJP state president Dineshanand Goswami and the president of the BJP state youth wing, Bablu Bhagat, attended a programme after addressing the gathering in Ranchi.Youth wing office bearers from around nine to ten districts gathered in the capital. Chief minister Arjun Munda in his opening remarks called upon the youths to take inspiration from life and teachings of Swamiji. \"Although the state government has announced observing 2012 as the daughter's year, the government would ensure giving maximum job opportunities to the deserving youths,\" he said.Commenting on the programme titled \"Samarpan Divas\" organized by the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (JVM) to celebrate birth day of their founder president Babulal Marandi , he said BJP follows footprints of great leaders of mankind like Swami Vivekananda and Deen Dayal Upadhyay and not just any politician.Goswami reminded youths of the latent power and talent that each one of them have. Reminiscing Vivekananda's effort in reviving Indian pride and establish the essence of Hinduism on foreign land at a time when India was under the clutches of the British rule, he said it was because of self learning, determination and knowledge that he promulgated the richness of Indian spirituality and tradition among the materialistic western world.The gathering was also addressed by BJYM national general secretary Edward Soren, ministers in the state government - Satyanand Jha Batul and Baijnath Ram.Speaking at the programme, state general secretary Anant Ojha said the party decided to hold youth congregation realizing the fact that India is considered a young nation. \"The party always finds its root in true Indian culture and tradition and there could be no better example than Swami Vivekananda, who actually realized this youth potential more than a century back,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11468902", "title": "No nomination filed in 13 Rayagada panchayats", "text": "KORAPUT: No nomination was filed for the posts of sarpanchs and ward members in 12 panchayats of Kasipur block and in one panchayat of Kalyansinghpur block in Rayagada district. Similarly, not a single nomination was filed for 20 posts of samiti members of Kasipur block which consists of as many as 20 panchayats.Nominations for the panchayat polls which started on January 6 concluded on Thursday.\"No nominations have been filed at the 13 panchayats of the district and for at least 20 samiti members of Kasipur block. The same has been intimated to the state election commission and the nomination process will be repeated in those panchayats after January 19,\" said collector (Rayagada) Nitin Bhanudas Jawle.The panchayats where no nominations were filed have been identified as Maikanch, Godipari, Dongasil, Kuchaipadar, Hadiguda, Pudapadhi, Tikri, Gorakhpur, Renga, Kadipur, Godibali and Bankamo of Kasipur block and Sikarpai of Kalyansinghpur block in the district.Election process in the 13 panchayat was disrupted after people belonging to the Jhodia community locked the panchayat offices and the Kasipur block office since Monday demanding tribal status for their community. Though they had unlocked the offices on Wednesday but sat in dharana in front of the panchayat offices to pressurize the government to fulfill their demand.\"The panchayats were nominations could not be held is dominated by the Jhodias. As the Jhodias did not filed their candidates and have declared to boycott the election, people belonging to the other community also feared to file nominations anticipating a backlash from the Jhodias,\" a source at Kasipur said.Around 50,000 Jhodias live in around 85 villages, particularly in the district's Kasipur block. They had boycotted the General Elections of 2009 protesting against the government's failure to confer them with tribal status and had even refused to share details with the enumerators during the Census 2011.\"It was our community's decision not to participate in the election process. We have not threatened anyone against filing nominations. Expressing their solidarity towards our demand people from other community did not filed nominations,\" said Sumani Jhodia, a tribal woman leader of the community.\"Our fight for getting back the tribal status for our community which we were enjoying till 2002 will continue,\" she added.Meanwhile, the administration had made elaborate security arrangements at the block office to avoid any untoward incident on the last day of the nominations on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11469553", "title": "Lawyers observe statewide strike", "text": "JAIPUR: The lawyers observed a statewide strike for a day and did not participate in legal work a day after they protested against the death of a session's court lawyer who had committed suicide. Majority of the legal work at the Rajasthan High Court and other lower courts was affected. Noisy scenes were witnessed at Rajasthan High Court when a group of lawyers got into a spat with a lawyer Mahendra Gaur who was allegedly thrashed by a group of lawyers. Gaur wanted to participate in the legal work while the others were protesting against Wednesday's suicide of their fellow lawyer. Later, Gaur lodged a case of assault at Ashok Nagar police station.Taking lessons from Wednesday's incident adequate police was deployed in and around the areas that witnessed blockades. Lawyers did not participate in any kind of road blockades. Lawyers in other parts of the state also participated in the strike and boycotted legal work. A group of lawyers in Sikar jammed the national highway connecting Sikar to Delhi from Nathsar village. Pink City Press Club, Jaipur taking cognizance of thrashing of some photo journalists and mediapersons imposed a ban on the entry of lawyers who are also associate members at the club.\"I was dragged in a wrong case of land dispute. The date of hearing the case was on Wednesday but my counsel refused to participate in the proceedings,\" said Ramjilal Sharma, who was booked in an assault case in land dispute.Meanwhile, the Jaipur police has started booking lawyers for disturbing peace, law and order. The police were collecting evidences to ensure the lawyers who participated in violent clashes with the public and others should not be spared. \"Cases would be registered against the lawyers and other miscreants who had joined them in disturbing peace, damaging public property and law and order,\" said a senior police officer.According to the sources, police have so far registered cases against almost 500 lawyers in the city and have booked them under various sections of IPC and CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469298", "title": "Eunuch gangs clash, 2 hurt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A fight for territorial dominance pitted two eunuch groups against each other in the city on Thursday. Both groups accused each other of trespassing into their jurisdiction. One group has filed a police complaint for physical assault.According to Vastrapur police, the incident took place at 12.30 pm on Thursday as a group led by Renuka De, 32, a resident of Garibnagar, Behrampura, went to various shops in Vastrapur and began demanding money. When the other group, led by Rafaqat Husain alias Nitu De, a resident of Delhi Chakla, came to know about it, they rushed to the spot in an autorickshaw and started arguing with them.\"The incident took place at the Ganesh temple near Vastrapur lake. Both the groups staked claim over the area and asked the other group to leave. However, Nitu De's group had come prepared with swords, knives, hockey sticks and lathis. They soon launched an attack and beat up five or six of the other group's members. They then got hold of Renuka De and cut her hair, which is considered to be an abuse for the eunuchs,\" said a police official. The group also filed a complaint of loot of cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 32,000 from the spot.After the incident, police have begun a search for the assailants. City police said Renuka De has also been assaulted earlier in Naroda. \"There are factions in the city that believe that the eunuchs involved in the incident are not 'real' and are in the business for money. Earlier, the Sanju Masi versus Sonia De rivalry in the eunuch trade saw Sonia getting killed last year,\" said the official.BOXWho will be the ultimate queen ?Eunuchs enjoy a thriving business in the city as an average eunuch can earn up to Rs 15,000 per day with proper legwork and if targeting grand functions. Such functions are generally held in the western city parts and thus areas such as Satellite , Vastrapur, Navrangpura, Prahladnagar and Sola are always a matter of dispute amongst the groups.According to police officials, whoever controls that pie controls two thirds of the eunuch society due to high returns. Earlier, Sonia De reigned over the area with money and muscle power after fighting with Sanju Masi. Sanju Masi got burnt earlier last year and was out of business as leader. After Sonia De got killed, the race for the top spot in the business has further heated up.\"This marriage season was actually a surprise for the organizers as none of the eunuch groups ventured out in highly lucrative times. The reason was power struggle going on inside larger factions such as Sonia De's. With players such as Bhavna De and Nitu De around, we don't rule out possibility of a large scale turf war in near future,\" said a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469476", "title": "Cops bust two gang of bookies", "text": "NAGPUR: City and rural police busted two different gangs of cricket bookies in separate actions. While Ambazari police arrested four culprits from Shivajinagar on Wednesday, local crime branch of rural police picked up two from Parsodi in Umred on Thursday.Ambazari police raided a den at an apartment at Shivajinagar following a tip-off. They arrested four persons engaged in accepting bets on an international cricket match. Police also seized 14 mobile phones, nine television recorders and other material being used in the cricket betting racket. A handwritten document related to bets and other calculations was also seized from the place.Meanwhile, a rural police squad under subinspector Arvind Saraf and others arrested two people while they were allegedly engaged in accepting bets on an ongoing Twenty20 cricket match. Police have seized several mobile phones, television and other materials being used in the betting. An offence of gambling was been registered at Umred police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11300008", "title": "EC warns politicians against misuse of R-Day speech", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When respective chief ministers of poll-bound states would be extending wishes this Republic Day, their liberty to speak after unfurling the Tricolour during functions at any location within their home district or constituency they are contesting from, would be gagged.\"In view of the fact that Republic Day celebrations will come during the election process and that Central ministers, chief ministers and ministers in the states belong to political parties and alliances and even be the candidates, the commission, purely in the interest of ensuring level playing field, directs that no Central minister/chief minister/minister or any other political functionary in the states/ex-MPs shall do the honours at any Republic Day function at any location within their home district or constituency or the constituency from where he or she is a contesting candidate or intends to contest,\" says a note written by K N Bhar, secretary, Election Commission of India (ECI).The Election Commission issued the memo on Wednesday to chief electoral officers and chief secretaries of the five poll-bound states.The memo, which is part of the model code of conduct, says that ministers should do the Republic Day honours subject to the condition that in their speeches, they should confine themselves to extolling the achievements of the martyrs in securing freedom of the country, glory of the state and so on.The note strictly warns the ministers against using speeches on Republic Day as a platform for political campaign. \"National holidays can be indiscriminately used to gain political mileage, which will be a violation as money used on such occasions is entirely spent by the state government,\" Bhar told The Times of India over phone.The commission has, however, said that there is no objection to mushairas or other cultural functions organised in connection with Republic Day celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "sanjarpur, azamgarh", "code": "11470586", "title": "Batla memories trouble voters here", "text": "SANJARPUR, AZAMGARH: \"Abbu, how come those juniors of mine made it to IPL?\" cricket-crazy Saif Ahmed asked his father who had travelled to meet his 21-year-old son in the South Delhi room.It wasn't a friendly cricket chat over tea for 51-year-old PCO owner Shadab Ahmed, who had come from his eastern UP village of Sanjarpur to the Lodhi Road premises. Saif, arrested during the September 19, 2008, Batla House raid in Delhi, has been accused along with his elder brother of terrorism in several cities across India. The room belonged to Delhi Police Special Cell, who had arrested him.\"It's destiny I told him ... but we are fighting back,\" Shadab Ahmed, said of the meeting as he sat in his courtyard lined with plants in the dusty, sparse Sanjarpur. With polls around the corner in UP, what happened in that room that day in 2008 continues to create political ripples here.Several parties tried to bite into the angst in the aftermath of the Batla House swoop - Muslim leaders say they raise issues of justice for Muslim youth it alleges are framed in terror cases.The terrorism slur for the Ahmed family started with the oldest of Ahmed's children, the currently-absconding Dr Shahnawaz, who has been accused in several terror cases.\"Let there be a judicial inquiry and let them be punished if found guilty,\" Shadab Ahmed said.Saif was in the Batla House bathroom when commandos stormed his room. He was arrested and two room-mates, Atif Amin and Mohammed Sajid, killed. They were accused by police of being members of terror outfit Indian Mujahideen. According to his father, Saif says he has been framed.The police raid was the sole provocation for the creation in 2009 of a party called Rashtriya Ulema Council, which hired trains to take supporters to New Delhi to oppose the cases. The party is contesting 70 of the 403 seats in UP.Main opposition Samajwadi Party asked for a judicial inquiry and a joint parliamentary committee probe, a demand turned down by home minister P Chidambaram.\"Batla House remains in people's political consciousness,\" said K K Mishra, political analyst at Banaras Hindu University . \"It will have an impact.\"In Azamgarh, Ghayas Asad Khan of the town's Shibli College said the impact of the issue had waned.\"Wounds may have healed, and people may start forgetting - though when political activities start, Batla House reemerges,\" he told TOI.Congress leader Digvijay Singh visited Ahmed and met Saif's family in his village, provoking BJP to retort he should visit families of Pakistan-based terrorists as well. The BSP has been criticized by Azamgarh residents of sending out the accused in the Batla and other cases to investigators in other states, to avoid dealing with issues of justice.\"My son is not a terrorist. He had gone for a computer course... I thought he would make a living. Otherwise I wouldn't have let him go,\" said Shadab Ahmed.\"He was a brilliant batsman, won many tea sets in competitions... I would reluctantly let him go outstation to play when his friends insisted. If he was around, he would have been a big cricketer,\" said Ahmed, referring to his son in the past tense. \"Many of his juniors have gone to IPL. I told him, 'it's destiny'.\"Ahmed says he does not know the whereabouts of his elder son, Shahnawaz. \"He is wanted. Allah knows where he is. Whichever case is unsolved, police put it on him,\" he said. \"I have a complaint against the media.The moment a blast happens, they start talking as if they know exactly who did it. If so, why not have them punished?\"As courts decide whether the two are guilty, there are dozens of other youth from Azamgarh in jail in similar cases and residents of the district routinely bear the brunt of the negative branding.\"This blot of terrorism on Azamgarh is affecting our children very badly,\" said Ahmed. \"Our children don't get a place to stay in Delhi and Bombay. Even Hindu children. There are bright kids who cannot go,\" he said.\"People are told, \"You are from Azamgarh? You must be a terrorist.\"Neelesh Misra is a journalist and Bollywood.LAND &amp; ITS PEOPLEAzamgarh in eastern UP is home to Hindi legend Rahul Sankrityayan and Urdu poet Kaifi Azmi came to be linked to crime after Haji Mastan and Dawood married here, opening links between Mumbai's underworld and the rural outback Azamgarh district, about 300 km southeast of Lucknow, is home to an estimated 50 lakh people and has a 57% literacy rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11469569", "title": "\u2018Cop must explain why gun not returned\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: Additional chief judicial magistrate of Ramabai Nagar, on Thursday, ordered the station officer of Rura to appear in person before the court and explain why a case under Section 409 of IPC against him and in charge of malkhana be not instituted.The court passed the order when complainant moved an application that the SO and incharge of malkhana had deprived him of his DBBL gun. A case of criminal breach of trust under Section 409 IPC be instituted by the court after taking cognisance. According to a court file, a case of attempt to murder was registered by the Rura police against Dharmpal alias Sullan Singh on a complaint of Vijay Shankar in 2005.The police had seized DBBL gun and the licence of Sullan Singh. The investigation officer also mentioned this fact in the case diary. The gun owner moved an application to release the gun on December 23, 2010 and court granted his release application. The Rura police reported that licence was not seized with the gun.The court observed that parcha No 3 of the case diary mentions that the gun and the licence were seized by the police. In a report sent on February 26, 2006, the police had admitted that gun and licence were at the police station. Sullan expressed apprehension that his licence was lost at the Rura police station and the cops were trying to deprive him of his gun. The judge asked the SO to appear before the court within one week and explain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "11469759", "title": "Lankan coast guard nets 13 Indian fishers", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: In what can be considered to be a retaliatory action against the alleged attack on Sri Lankan President Rajapakse's relative in Rameswaram, a few days ago, the island nation's coast guard on Wednesday night captured 13 Indian fishermen from Nagapattinam in the mid-sea, while they were allegedly fishing in the Sri Lankan waters.On January 8, seven fishermen from Akkaraipatti set out to sea for fishing. They started the journey in a boat, bearing the registration number TN-06-1087, owned by one S Vijayakumar of the same village. Vijayakumar also joined the team for fishing. Then on January 9, another boat number bearing the registration TN-06-1032 owned by K Vadivel of that village began its journey with six persons, including Vadivel.However, on Wednesday night all the 13 were captured by the Sri Lankan coast guard sending everyone in the village into a shock. The matter was communicated to them on Wednesday night by some other fishermen who witnessed the scene. The villagers confirmed the arrest by contacting the Indian embassy, which told them that the captured fishermen were kept in custody in Trincomalee.However, it could not be ascertained whether the fishermen crossed the international border. An inquiry into this matter can be done only after they return home. \"Indian embassy officials are in talks with the Sri Lankan officials to release them as soon as possible,\" said an officials of the Q branch police.Hearing about this, other fishermen in Akkaraipatti village did not venture into the sea for fishing on Thursday protesting against the capture of the 13 men.Tamilvanan of Akkaraipatti village said that they contacted the state minister of fisheries Jayapal demand the government take step to secure the release of their counterparts immediately.It was also observed that the Sri Lankan coast guard may have intentionally arrested the Indian fishermen to take revenge for the alleged attack by the MDMK and Naam Tamizhar Katchi cadres on Rajapakse's relative, Thirukumaran Natesan when he was performing a pooja on January 10 in Rameswaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "11469763", "title": "Thyagaraja Aradhana grand finale today", "text": "THANJAVUR: The stage is all set for the grand finale of the Pancharatna Keerthana Maha Aradhana, the culmination of the five-day Thyagaraja Aradhana Festival at Thiruvaiyaru, on Friday.One of the highlights of this year's musical upheaval would be that playback singer K J Jesudas would give a vocal rendition for 30 minutes, 10 minutes more than the usually allotted time for celebrated artists in the evening.The event would be telecast live nationally.The 165th Thiyagaraja Aradhana, an annual tribute to 19th century saint-composer Sri Thyagaraja Swamy, was inaugurated on Monday in the presence of Union shipping minister G K Vasan and the chairman of the Tirumala Tirupathi Devasthanam ( TTD) Bapi Raju MP.The MP recalled that Sri Thyagaraja himself travelled to Tirupati and sang some of the kritis like 'Endaro Mahanubhavulu' in praise of Lord Venkateswara.The chorus-singing of the \"pancharata kritis\" would be held between 9 am and 10 am on Friday. About a 1000 musicians, including some musically-inclined foreigners were seen at Thiruvaiyaru on the banks of Cauvery, 12 km from Thanjavur. Poojas would also be held at the samadhi of Bangalore Nagarathnamma, the architect and benefactor of the shrine over the saint's Samadhi in Thiruvayaru.The fourth day (Thursday) saw the likes of saxophone samrat Kadri Gopalnath, who enthralled the audience in his accustomed thoroughness, Mandolin Srinivas, and Carnatic vocalist Sudha Raghunathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11470396", "title": "All guns blazing at 50", "text": "It's a celebration time at the Officers Training Academy (OTA) at St Thomas Mount. Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah will inaugurate the year-long golden jubilee celebrations on January 16.The academy has a series of events planned,including an army band symphony at Elliot's Beach on January 25 and 26, blood donation camps, a motorcycle expedition,sports meet, quizshow,leadership seminar and inter-college cultural festivals.The celebrations will also be used as a platform to attract youth tojoin theservice ascommissioned officers. Unlike in north India, where the intake of local youth at the officers' level is 47%, the enrolment from Tamil Nadu is only 9%. \"The main reason for the low percentage of cadets from south India is the lack of permanent commission in the army through OTA. Also, educated youth prefer to join software companies,\" said Lt Gen SS Jog, commandant, OTA.A shortage of officers during the Indo-China war in 1962 was the reason for establishing officers training schools at Chennai and Pune in January 1963.The training school in Pune was closed in 1964. Between 1963 and1965,the training school at Chennai trained 5,000 emergency commissioned officers to meet the shortfall of officers. On February 2, 1965, the OTA was given the mandate to train officers for the short service commission. Under the special entry scheme in 1992, induction of women into the officer's cadre began.It has trained 23,000 gentlemen cadets, 1,900 lady cadets and 191 foreign cadets. \"Our lady officers are as competent as gentlemen officers. Whether lady officersshould be engaged in combat should be decided by the army headquarters at New Delhi because it is a policy decision,\" said Jog.Each batch comprises 750 cadets. They undergo intensive basic military training in more than 30 subjects, including drill, weapons handling, radiotelephony andfield engineering for 11 months. \"We are preparing a list of events for the celebrations.An alumni get-together will also be part of the celebrations,\" saiddeputy commandantof OTA Major General UM Rajavelu.The Officers Training Academy was set up in Chennai on January 1, 1963 at St Thomas Mount to meet the shortage of officers during wartimeOn February 2, 1965, it was given the mandate to train officers for the Short Service Commission, a minimum of five years in serviceIn 1992, induction of women into the officer's cadre was introduced at OTA under the Special Entry SchemeOTA has trained 23,000 gentlemen cadets, 1,900 lady cadets and 191 foreign cadets from Sri Lanka , Afghanistan and BhutanEach batch comprises 750 cadets who undergo intensive basic military training for 11 months", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11469958", "title": "The North is near", "text": "Urban transport is set to get fascinating for those on the route to the Bangalore International Airport (BIA). The road is undergoing a transformation. Right now, it may be torn up by excavators , but the National Highways Authority of India promises that work on the six-lane elevated expressway to the airport will be ready by 2013.The expressway will be a series of seven flyovers from Hebbal to the Trumpet Junction near BIA - in effect, the commuter will be riding in waves to the airport, and will reach in a flat 20 minutes. The High Speed Rail Link will run parallel to the expressway.The corridor will have one 4-km long expressway after Hebbal flyover to Yelahanka bypass, and after that, six flyovers each 700-800 m long connecting major junctions . On the road beneath, crossings will connect localities along the corridor, said AK Mathur , regional officer, NHAI, Karnataka. Service roads will serve the localities alongside. The flyovers and subways will have entry and exit points from the expressway, and enable pedestrians to cross through safely.Navayuga Construction Company is handling the entire stretch. Construction sites have been barricaded near Yelahanka and Byatarayanapura, piers erected and a few spans laid.The road beneath will have six lanes, and is designed for a speed limit of up to 80kmph. Once construction is complete, the state government will have to reset the speed limit for light motor vehicles and heavy motor vehicles, because part of the road is within city limits, Mathur added.Hebbal to bialTime taken from Hebbal to BIA now: 45 mins Service roads &amp; exits: Sahakaranagar, Jakkur, Yelahanka and Amruthahalli residents can use service roads. There are lateral exits at Kogilu and Vidyanagar Time taken from Hebbal to BIA after May 2013: 18.75 mins Toll booth: At Sadahalli Cross, 500m before Trumpet Junction. Toll plaza now has six lanes; it will be reconstructed after road-wideningDeep focusThere's a high speed rail tooYou could speed down the expressway, or swoosh on the High Speed Rail Link, running parallel. HSRL, connecting the heart of the city to BIA, will be taken up by Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation. The DPR is ready and fund allocation from the state and Centre are to be finalized. Union urban development minister Kamal Nath had announced the project during the inauguration of the Metro in October 2011. NHAI had known that the HSRL project would be elevated all along the route. NHAI sources said the space requested for the project was less than 10m, for the tracks to run along on the left side of the road. BMRC has already shortlisted the consortiums constructing the HSRL, and is waiting for approval from the Centre. The expressway was designed keeping the HSRL in mind. \"Our roads or flyovers will not be affected by the construction or operation of the HSRL, which will run almost parallel to a little below the level of the elevated road,\" said an NHAI official.TRAIN SPEED 155-165 KMPHCOMPARISONSE-City Elevated ExpresswayCompleted 2010Cost 765 crLength 9.5 kmWidth 15 mTumkur ExpresswayCompleted 2011Cost 720 crLength 19.5 kmExpressway snapshotCost 680 CrLength 25 KmFrom Hebbal to Trumpet Junction near BIA Flyovers7Lateral exits 2Crosses 4Underpasses Project time 25 months From Sept 2010 to May 2013If there are easy exit points from the flyover and a station close to the hospital, many patients can access our services. Signal-free flyovers will help ambulances move faster to the hospital.Tufan Ghosh | CEO, Columbia asia hospitalMany of our projects coming up on BIA road are residential complexes. If connectivity to the city centre and workplaces is better, people will look at our projects because travel time is reduced.Nitesh Shetty | Chairman, Nitesh estatesThese things should have been planned five years ago. Work on the elevated road is going on fast and will reduce pressure on the regular road. It's good the government is thinking about the train right now.Dayananda Pai | Founder, Century buildersVehicles moving to the airport can take the elevated expressway, leaving the road below for school buses to move freely. This will reduce travel time and the wait at traffic junctions, and reduce stress for students.Manju Balasubramanyan | PRINCIPAL, Delhi Public School, North", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "baripada", "code": "11468783", "title": "Mayurbhanj sends 231 blood samples for test", "text": "BARIPADA: Surveillance has been stepped up in Mayurbhanj district to contain bird flu. \"We have stepped up surveillance in all eight blocks of Mayurbhanj sharing the border with Jharkhand and sent 231 blood samples to the State Animal Disease Research Institute at Phulnakhara near Cuttack for investigation,\" said Nityananda Das, chief district veterinary officer of Mayurbhanj here on Thursday.The step was taken after crow deaths were reported in Betnoti, Khunta and Udala blocks, he added. Samples of dead crows and poultry birds collected from Betnoti, Khunta and Udala have been sent to Bhopal, the CDVO said, adding that the situation is under control. Rapid Response Teams have been put on alert to tackle any emergency situation.This apart, 28,500 birds have been immunized wih the Ranikhet Disease vaccine, said Sasanka Panigrahi, nodal officer in the CDVO's office. More farm birds and domestic fowls will be immunized, he added.Tribals in Mayurbhanj who are keen in rearing domestic fowls are anxious, said Gurva Soren, secretary of the SRDTC (Society for Research for Development of Tribal Culture), a Mayurbhanj-based tribal NGO. Soren feared that the situation may dampen the interest of tribals during 'Makar', one of the most important festivals of tribals, particularly Santhals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11472388", "title": "Anil Kapoor's American series 24 sells for 85 crores", "text": "Several hectic, closed-door meetings later, Anil Kapoor's frantic search for a producer for the Indian remake of the cult American series 24 has ended with STAR Plus. Mumbai Mirror can reveal that the channel has bought the rights from Kapoor for a staggering Rs 85 crore - the fattest deal ever in the history of Indian television shows.The unprecedented amount includes the entire production, casting, Kapoor's fees, and post production of the show. According to a source close to the actor, what worked in Kapoor's favour was the fact that 24 is STAR Fox property and as such, being Hollywood producers of the hit series, they didn't want it to go to any other channel except STAR in India as well.Apparently, Anil wanted to make the desi 24 on the same lavish scale as the original American series. He had been in negotiations with many channels, including Colors and Sony . Finally however, the show landed in STAR Plus' lap.Kapoor is hugely impressed with the 24 franchise, so much so that he intends keeping a major part of 2012 free of commitments to shoot for it. Kapoor has even turned down a handful of recent offers for the purpose.So what made STAR Plus go for the deal? \"The channel wants 24 to be the first mature, thoroughly professional anti-terrorism series; a predominant theme in the Asian subcontinent, which cannot be treated lightly,\" revealed the source. Big plans are said to be in the offing. Desi 24 would be the kind of espionage drama that Indian audiences have never seen before.All 192 episodes will be condensed, edited for big-screen viewing, and released as larger-than-life spy drama. With the American version having come under fire for its negative depiction of the Muslim community, among other things, its Indian counterpart will steer clear of such negative publicity.As for the cast and crew, Kapoor has promised the channel that there will be no known names on the show. However, word is that Ronit Roy, Atul Kulkarni, Chunky Pandey and Vidyut Jamwar will essay some of the lead roles. And, as we already know, Kapoor will play the main protagonist, anti-terror squad leader Jack Bauer, essayed by his favourite actor Keifer Sutherland in the original version. What's more? Abhinao Deo of Delhi Belly fame will direct the show. One wonders though, who will play the middle-eastern leader Omar Hassan, the role bagged by Kapoor in the American series...TV's most talked about? Andaz (1995)Himesh Reshamiya's serial marked the TV debut of silver screen stars Poonam Dhillon , Sudesh Beri and Rajendra Kumar .? Karisma Miracles Of Destiny (2003)With Karisma Kapoor making her first small screen appearance, the serial garnered a lot of attention.? Malini Iyer (2004)It was Sridevi's first time on TV and also her first project after a very long hiatus from the industry.? Kahani Hamaare Mahabharata Ki (2008)Ekta Kapoor's epic serial became a household name even before it went on air.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11470116", "title": "Green light for night trains, finally", "text": "KOLKATA: In the wee hours of Monday, security agencies and the railways will keep their fingers crossed as the 12102 Howrah-LTT Jnaneswari Express passes between the Khemasoli and Sardiha stations in West Midnapore. This will be the first time in 22 months that the train will be passing through this stretch after dark. The last time it tried to do so was on May 28, 2010, when it derailed, claiming the lives of nearly 150 passengers.Subsequent investigations revealed that the disaster was the result of a sabotage orchestrated by Maoists. After the incident, the railways cancelled the movement of the Jnaneswari Express as well as all other passenger trains in the Kharagpur-Tatanagar and Kharagpur-Adra sections of South Eastern Railway between 10pm and 5am.With the situation in Jangalmahal showing some semblance of normalcy, security agencies in West Bengal gave their nod to start running trains in the Kharagpur-Adra section in December. On Wednesday, SER finally received clearance to resume night-services along the Kharagpur-Tatanagar section.\"We will normalize the running of those trains that were either diverted or made to stop for the night at stations after leaving Howrah. From Thursday evening, the Howrah-Ranchi Hatia Express (and the Down train) will run along its original route. Ever since May 28, 2010, this train was diverted via Asansol and Dhanbad. The 12834 Howrah-Ahmedabad Express will no longer be stopped at Kharagpur for the night. The 18477 Puri-Haridwar Utkal Express will also run along its original route via Bhadrak-Kharagpur and Tatanagar. The 12802 New Delhi-Puri Purushottam Express will no longer be stopped at Tatanagar station for the night,\" said Soumitra Majumdar, CPRO, SER.From Friday onward, the 12906 Howrah-Porbandar Express will start at its scheduled time of 10.55pm and the 12810 Howrah-Mumbai Mail will leave Howrah at 1.30am on Saturday. The Howrah-Pune Azad Hind Express will also start from Howrah on Saturday at 12.30am. All these trains will run along their original routes through West Midnapore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11467413", "title": "Bollywood icons regale Puneites", "text": "PUNE: The packed auditorium at City Pride in Kothrud reverberated with applause as Amitabh Bachchan , Asha Bhosle and Rani Mukherji arrived to inaugurate the 10th Pune International Film Festival (Piff) on Thursday.The audience was left spellbound by Bhosle's ever-lively voice, the rich baritone of Big B recounting memorable moments spent in Pune and Rani Mukherji's speech in Marathi.The inaugural function of Piff, jointly organized by the state government and the Pune Film Foundation, was attended by state cultural affairs minister Sanjay Deotale, well-known music composer Ilaiyaaraja, actor-director Sachin Pilgaonkar, director of Piff Jabbar Patel among other international jury members.The very presence of Amitabh and Rani was a reason enough for the crowd to go hysterical. A few managed to squeeze into the hall while most fans had to contend with capturing a glimpse of their favourite superstars from the outside.Bachchan, obviously and deservingly, got a standing ovation . In his speech, Bachchan thanked the audience for their overwhelming reception and the love they have bestowed on him for \"his modest contribution to the film industry\".The actor said, \"A journey of 42 years has been like a dream for me. I never thought I would act in films. I never expected the love and affection that I got from the people all these years. My stay in this industry has indeed been a pleasurable one. Pune is known for art, culture and films. But it remains a special city for me for a personal reason. I met my wife Jaya here. The decision to marry her was also taken in this city.\"Recalling her 65-year-long association with the film industry, Asha Bhosle said, \"I came (in the film industry) when I was 10 years old. My struggle and efforts have given me success. I am proud to be a Marathi. The Marathi people have always given me love.\"Bhosle acknowledged the presence of music genius Ilaiyaraaja by singing a song with him in Tamil. She ended her speech with a Marathi song.The audience was thrilled when Rani took the stage and began by asking the crowd in Marathi if they were okay with she speaking in Marathi. Rani said, \"I am not a Marathi, but now I feel that I am one. With my speech in Marathi, I feel that I am now a pakka Marathi.\"Bachchan and Bhosle were felicitated with awards for outstanding contribution to Indian cinema while Ilaiyaraaja was given the Sachin Dev Burman international award for creative music and sound. Pilgaonkar was honoured for completing 50 years in cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469524", "title": "ZP chief opposes closure of Koradi units", "text": "NAGPUR: Zilla parishad (ZP) president Suresh Bhoyar has strongly opposed the closure of two units of Koradi Thermal Power Station (TPS) and demanded that they should be started immediately. \"The rural areas of the district are facing load-shedding and in spite of this, Mahagenco has shut down two units. Load-shedding will increase further. Moreover, these units were not making losses. According to my information, old units of Bhusawal plant are making losses and if at all needed they should be closed down.\"Bhoyar told the media on Thursday that the sudden decision to close down the two units had caused panic among 900 odd workers deployed at these units. \"The 600 permanent workers fear that they will be transferred in the middle of the academic session. The contract workers are scared of losing their jobs. Khaparkheda plant has no vacancies and the extra workers will be transferred to Bhusawal.\"The ZP chief said that if Mahagenco wanted to close the units, it should do so after the three new sets started generation. \"They have almost closed down the Koradi plant. From 1,000 MW plus plant the capacity has now reduced to just 200 MW. The new units will take minimum two years for commissioning.\"He has written a letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan urging him to revoke the decision in interest of the state and plant employees. Bhoyar had also vociferously opposed closure of four units of Koradi plant in January 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11468858", "title": "Rainy Guwahati enjoys Mozart concert", "text": "GUWAHATI: Even the unpredictable weather on Wednesday didn't deter denizens of the city from swooning to Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Gran Partita. Thousands of classical music lovers attended the concert to experience Mozart and his compositions under the uncertain sky.The concert, an interpretation of Mozart's work performed by wind musicians from the Rouen Opera House in France at the lawn of the Brahmaputra Ashok was organized by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations in association with the Neemrana Music Foundation and the Directorate of Cultural Affairs (government of Assam).Twelve musicians armed with oboes, basset horns, french horns, bassoons and a contra bass filled the air with Mozart's immortal seven-part serenade (a piece of music sung or played in the open). However, a few minutes prior to the commencement of the concert, the venue was all soaked due to the heavy downpour, which created a morose atmosphere as the eagerly waiting crowd began to proceed towards the lobby of the hotel seeking respite from the rain.But the uniformed musicians didn't let down the excited crowd, and within moments they set up their assorted instruments in the lobby and began to perform, starting off with a transitional rendition of Schubert's opera much to the cheer and applause of those who had gathered there.\"I feel honoured to be performing in India. It is a great opportunity to share my talent with the people of this beautiful and diverse country. I play the oboe and hope that the beautiful people of this city will enjoy the concert whole heartedly,\" said Naoko, a member of the Rouen Opera House. \"I love listening to Indian music and have a number of CD's of Indian music back home,\" added Naoko.Another musician La Bonde, who also plays the oboe said, \"This is my first visit to India and I am quite excited. I and my fellow musicians will try to give a great performance. The Rouen Opera House is a wind orchestra which specializes in performing Mozart and was founded in 1998.\"Gran Partita was composed in 1781, and is a serenade. It is composed of seven parts or movements and is a score for 13 instruments. Partita is an instrumental suite (a set of instrumental compositions to be played in successions consisting of several movements only loosely connected).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "sekmai", "code": "11468881", "title": "Party politics over local liquor", "text": "SEKMAI: Like the French town of Cognac - famed for the drink of the same name - Manipur's Sekmai constituency, 20 km from Imphal, also has an uncanny semblance with the name of its local liquor. In a dry state like Manipur, this constituency has been quenching people's thirst for liquor, also known as Sekmai. In fact, connoisseurs of Sekmai compare this rice brew to the Japanese 'sake' in terms of taste and feel.Sekmai - the only scheduled caste-reserved constituency in Manipur - is inseparable from the liquor: many believe that if the liquor is prepared in some other places it would not taste the same. Here, in the run-up to the assembly polls on January 28, discourses on the drink mix freely with political parties airing issues on underdevelopment, need for better roads, education and health facilities. People here want politicians and the government to explore avenues for promoting distillation of sekmai on an industrial scale so that constituency benefits.In the 1990, Japanese engineers and officials posted in Imphal to launch the multi-crore Japan-funded Manipur Sericulture project always preferred Sekmai and compared it with 'sake'. They also believed that sekmai tasted somewhat like another local Manchurian drink. Once at a state-level dinner hosted in honour of a top Japanese delegation visiting the state for the sericulture project, the Japanese insisted on drinking Sekmai. They urged Manipur's ministers and officials to promote the drink as a brand.Kh Rotonmoni, a retired bank officer, proposed that there is scope for developing sekmai distillation into a revenue-generating industry. \"As the constituency is famed for its sekmai, why can't it can be promoted and turned into an industry. Not only will the government earn, the people of the locality will also benefit as there will be moe jobs,\" he observed. Rotonmoni also pointed out that byproducts of sekmai make excellent cattlefeed and could lead to development of various ancillary industries.Kh Netra Singh, a retired police officer, chips in with his views on sekmai discussion. \"People are brewing sekmai despite the ban, and it makes good sense to legalise it. The move would provide tremendous opportunity for developing sekmai-based industry. There are many states which earn good revenue.\"Depite all the assurances, nothing concrete has been done to promote sekmai - the drink or the constituency. Distillation is banned in the dry state of Manipur, except for customary and religious purposes. Despite the ban, however, sekmai has been the only source of livelihood for a substantial number of scheduled-caste voters in this constituency of 24,000-odd electorates.One reason for the ban on sekmai is to prevent scarcity of rice - the drink's basic ingridient - as grains would be used for producing liquor rather than feeding people. Congress candidate K S Debendra's believes that lifting of the ban on sekmai would be considered once the state produces surplus rice. \"I am sure it will possible to take sekmai from household manufacturing to industrial scale once we are able to produce enough rice,\" he saidThough better healthcare and education facilities and employment opportunities are top priorities for Debendra, he concedes that it is time for Manipur's most preferred drink to be legalised. With candidates of most other parties - including the NCP, the Trinamool Congress and the CPI -in fray for Sekmai agreeing, this is one issue that seems to have crossed the boundaries of party politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11470181", "title": "CJI writes to govt proposing National Court Management System", "text": "New Delhi: At a time when four different benches of the Supreme Court are trying to rescue the justice delivery system from the web of 3 crore pendency, Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia has written to the government proposing an innovative method to achieve the goal.Justice Kapadia, in a letter to the law minister last month, proposed setting up of National Court Management System Committee (NCMSC) to develop and implement the proposals and an Advisory Committee consisting of two SC judges and CJs and judges of HCs, to be nominated by him, to oversee implementation of the proposals, which include:* National Framework of Court Excellence to set standards of performance for courts and address the issues of quality, responsiveness and timelines* A case management system to ensure user friendliness of the judicial process to stakeholders* National System of Judicial Statistics for common national platform for recording and maintaining judicial statistics across the country* A court development plan system to provide a framework for 5-year plan for future development of Indian judiciary* A human resource development strategy to set up standards for selection and training of judges in the subordinate courtsdhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469323", "title": "Shukla stars in TOI win", "text": "NAGPUR: The Times of India started their campaign on a rousing note thrashing Sakal by 8 wickets in the 14th SJAN-Orange City Hospital Inter-Press Invitational Twenty-20 Cricket tournament at Vasant Nagar ground here on Thursday.Tushar Shukla was the chief architect of TOI's thumping win as the ace all-rounder smashed an unbeaten 62 (33b, 6x4, 3x6) and took two important wickets.Opting to bat first, Sakal were restricted to 118 for 9. Opener Pankaj Borkar scored a sedate 47. Shukla, Faizul Qamar and Suraj Nair claimed two wickets each.In reply, TOI reached the target in just 11.1 overs thanks to aggressive batting display by Shukla and captain Rupesh Bhaik (28, 15b, 6x4).In another match played at Ambedkar College ground, Lokshahi Varta trounced Indian Express-Loksatta by 8 wickets to record their second win in succession.Brief ScoresSakal 118-9 in 20 overs (Pankaj Borkar 47, Kishor Jamkar 10, Tushar Shukla 2-9, Faizul Qamar 2-11, Suraj Nair 2-24) lost to The Times of India 122-4 in 11.1 overs (Tushar Shukla 62 no, Rupesh Bhaik 28, Yogesh Banait 10; Pankaj Borkar 2-22) by 6 wickets.Indian Express-Loksatta 73 in 20 overs (Harsh Datir 33, Shrikant Bhalerao 4-25, Sarang Chavan 3-8) lost to Lokshahi Varta 75-2 in 9.1 overs (Sandip Ganar 31, Sarang Chavan 18 no) by 8 wickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473666", "title": "Fashion bloggers slam Sonam Kapoor's busty look", "text": "She is known as a fashion icon but of late, actor Sonam Kapoor is making more news for her fashion faux pas. This time, she ripped off the look from the international runway.The 26-year-old actor who was wore a white Jean Paul Gaultier gown at the premiere grabbed more headlines for the ill-fitting bustier, designed with conical bras that gave away more than was required. The iconic cone-bra was first made for Madonna for her Blonde Ambition Tour. Besides, the material girl, also designed one for Kylie Minogue for the photoshoot for her album Aphrodite.Meanwhile, Sonam's onscreen histrionics in Players aren't getting her enough attention either. The critics have slammed Players as lackluster and unimaginative while Sonam attempt to pass off as a gold-medalist hacker did not go down well with the audience either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11469171", "title": "Most murders of 2011 traced to domestic helps", "text": "MUMBAI: Most high profile cases of murder, robbery and theft that occurred last year, especially in the western suburbs, were traced to domestic helps, making the police launch a special drive to register servants. Many of the cases could not be solved since the victims or their families did not have the servants' details.Three murders of residents were solved. One occurred in Santa Cruz and two in Juhu. In all three, domestic helps were arrested.The first murder was committed on August 17, 2011, in Santa Cruz (West). Aarti Chhablani (56) was bludgeoned to death in her Sarojini Lane flat by her domestic help. Her husband and daughter were out of home at the time of the crime. The domestic help sedated another servant, who was present in the flat, before committing the murder and fleeing with valuables.The second took place on August 30 in a flat at Jai Jagdish Apartments, JVPD Scheme. Kavita Suchak (46) was bludgeoned to death by two domestic helps, along with their accomplices. The Suchaks' familymanager, Prakash Bagwe, who was in the flat at the time, was strangled. Suchak, whose husband worked in the US, had returned home after dropping her children to school.The third occurred on September 12 in Anand Society, Barfiwala Lane, Juhu. Bharti Shah (68) was strangled by her two domestic helps. She was found dead in the morning by her sister and neighbours when repeated calls to her phone went unanswered. An interior designer, Shah lived alone and had hired the servants a short time ago.The police said many criminals take up jobs with affluent families as servants after providing fake details. \"Such people never want to share their details with the police as they fear this would expose them,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone-9) Pratap Dighavkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469665", "title": "'Gold rush' at Mythbusters' second day", "text": "NAGPUR: Hundreds of youths jumped into a large pool with waist-deep water and started frantically searching for 'gold coins'. This was the second task given to participants of mega youth event Mythbusters at the Fun &amp; Food Village on Amravati Road.The 'gold coins' were to be used as credits in the main event of treasure hunt. Participating teams had to collect the gold coins, which would be taken away if the teams broke any rule. The coins also doubled up as credit points for the teams which were to be counted at the end of the hunt.The challenge was to find the hidden treasure, which were eight 'rare artefacts' without breaking too many rules and losing coin credits. The teams had to scour 75 acres of land to find these artefacts which had been hidden separately. As teams found them, the clue for the next one was mentioned with it. The treasure hunt was not a piece of cake for anyone. Initially, for about an hour, the players were clueless and wandered about. Eventually with the time slipping away, there was another round of rigorous search for the treasure and Nikhil Kewalramani and his team were the first among the top 41 teams to hunt the treasure.With Mythbusters being modelled around the popular TV show Roadies, the organizers decided to bring in a local celebrity guest as well. Pooja Banerjee, a city girl who had participated in the TV show, was present to cheer the participants. Before the hunt started, she flagged off a bike rally about 10 km away from the village. Youngsters zoomed off on their bikes cheering loudly and waving at Pooja as she wished them all the best for the task ahead.Pooja shared her experience at Roadies with the youth and also gave them tricks of the trade of doing tasks. The youths then all joined together for a pool dance with a DJ playing latest bollywood hits. Pooja got the crowd going by giving them some fun tasks to do in the pool itself. Pooja said she was amazed to see such a response for the event in Nagpur. \"It takes courage and confidence to come up for tasks like these and the city has so much to showcase. The preparations are praiseworthy and I wish all these organizers a hearty congratulation for arranging event of this scale. The participants deserve all the applause,\" she said.Mythbusters third task will be on Saturday and the venue will be conveyed to the teams directly on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469690", "title": "Will your corporator be a MBBS, MBA or CA?", "text": "NAGPUR: Citizens would be happy to know that several professionals, including doctors, engineers and MBAs, have sought tickets to contest the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) polls on February 16. Many of these ticket seekers were interviewed by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) functionaries recently for the finalization of party nominations.According to statistics provided by city BJP office, as many as 31 candidates holding BE degree sought party tickets from across the city. Similarly, 24 lawyers were also among the ticket seekers, besides 17 doctors and six chartered accountants wishing to contest the civic polls.BJP city unit president Anil Sole said the party will seriously consider their candidature for the polls. Sole said, \"When we asked why they want to join politics, they explained that non-corrupt and qualified people are needed for the country's development. Corporation election is the right place to ensure this, they said.\" Most of the aspirants support the anti-corruption campaign and the suggestions made by Hazare for an effective Lokpal, he said.One of the aspirants from North Nagpur, who is a doctor, said, \"Our area lacks basic civic amenities, especially drinking water. If I get the ticket, I will focus on all-round civic development. My attempt will be to bring in more funds for various development projects, in order to give civic amenities a much-needed boost.\"However, she said that citizens are to be blamed for the present condition of North Nagpur. \"The voters have the real power to rectify the situation during elections, but unfortunately they have repeatedly sided with the wrong guys, seduced by their ingenious tricks,\" she added.BJP had 56 corporators in the NMC in the last house, and among them at least 25 were graduates, including Rajesh Ghodpage (BE) and Avinash Thakre, who is an MSc in computer science.The Congress party has also started accepting forms from aspirants for civic polls. Congress city president Jaiprakash Gupta said that on Thursday the party accepted around 200 forms and of them 50% were highly qualified professionals, including doctors, lecturers and advocates. He, however, pointed out that his party will give preference to candidates who have better knowledge of politics.Associate professor and head of the department of political science in Hislop college Anjali Gaidhane too said qualified people should come forward in the civic polls, which are considered grassroots politics in the country.\"Qualification should be prescribed and preferably post-graduation in political science or economics can be demanded. If it is done now, we can surely hope for a better future,\" she added. But she was quick to point out that qualification does not guarantee good governance. \"That can come only if candidates are honest,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "badowal", "code": "11469208", "title": "Malaysian woman's grit inspires PCTE students", "text": "BADOWAL: Kachi Basti, an NGO constituted by post-graduate diploma in management (PGDM) students of Punjab College of Technical Education (PCTE), Badowal, brought the students face-to-face with the spirit of conquering life in the most adverse of situations.The NGO invited a Malaysian woman who makes a living on her own even after undergoing half a dozen skull surgeries following an accident. Sathiya Bama, 42, a divorcee, who makes hand crafted cards despite being almost rendered paralytic after a car accident in her native city of Taiting Cerak came to PCTE to exhibit her cards at an exhibition-cum-sale organized by Kachi Basti.Kriti Sangar, a final year student of PGDM and NGO president, said Sathiya met with an accident in 2007 and underwent six skull, four eye, two knee and four skin crafting surgeries. This was not all she had to face as her husband divorced her after she was rendered almost paralytic and even lost her daughter Biyanca in the process.The physical and emotional trauma, however, couldn't break up Sathiya's spirit as she started making cards and clicking pictures for these with a professional camera gifted by the hospital where she was treated. Sathiya, who is still under a continuous struggle to live, helps other differently abled people too in her country. She teaches them to make these cards to make a living on their own.Vallabh Jain, a student from Rishi Nagar, said, \"We learnt from Sathiya how life is to be lived with courage without losing hope ever.''Manpreet Sandhu, a resident of Rajguru Nagar who is to get married soon, said he bought some cards for his to be wife. \"I salute her courage to live despite having met with a fatal accident,'' he added. Sathiya was delighted with the response to the exhibition cum sale. \"I appreciate the love and affection of students. I would return with sweet memories from Ludhiana,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "dewas", "code": "11468659", "title": "Govt to invest Rs 1 lakh cr for industrial growth: Minister", "text": "DEWAS: The Madhya Pradesh government will invest about Rs 1 lakh crore towards the industrial development in the state by March 2013. This was informed by the Kailash Vijaywargiya, minister for industry &amp; information technology while talking to reporters in Dewas Thursday morning. Vijaywargiya was here to attend local events.Referring to the development along the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial corridor (DMIC) for which the state government has sought a loan of Rs 900 crore, he said that the process of land acquisition for the project would be completed within a year.Also, the state government has chalked out an elaborate plan to invest a sum of Rs 3022 crore for development of already existing industrial clusters like Mandideep (Bhopal), Pithampur (Indore) and Malanpur (Gwalior). The state government plans to develop similar industrial areas in 27 other places in the state so as to accommodate the investors and aspiring industrialists who are willing to set up industries in the state, he said.The state is also focussing on promotion of small-scale industries in a big way, said the minister.Agro-industries and food processing is also important sector which the state hopes to promote. Very few people know that even though Nagpur in Maharashtra is known as the orange city, still 80% of the oranges in the country were being grown by the MP farmers hailing from places like Shajapur and Surajpur.Similarly, Malwa region is best known for potatos and Meghnagar is well known for its unique pitchers. The state government will support and encourage these industries, he said.Talking to a select media in Dewas this morning, the industry &amp; information technology minister in the state, Kailash Vijaywargiya, said that the amount of Rs 3022 crore, which has been cleared by the state government during its recently cabinet meeting in Bhopal, would be spent on not only the expansion of the already existing industrial belts in the state, but also on the development of new areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11468524", "title": "Techie killing puts city security under lens", "text": "GURGAON: The murder of a 23-year-old techie at her paying guest (PG) accommodation in DLF Phase III's U block has yet again raised questions about the lack of security, especially of women in the city. Paying guest accommodations have mushroomed unchecked in the city starting from DLF Phase I, II and III, Sector 21, 22, 23, Sushant Lok I, Sector 9, 14, 15 and villages like Chakkarpur, Sukhrali, Sikanderpur, and Nathupur (rented one-room accommodation), among others, where merely for monetary gains, landlords overlook their own safety as well as that of their tenants.\"The landlords visit us only once in a month to collect the rent and utility bill payments. There are no helpers after 9pm and we do not even have guards, leaving access to our accommodation to one and all. However, for Rs 6,500 this is remains the best choice,\" said Anshika Chaturvedi, a BPO employee living in DLF Phase III. There have also been incidents where the guards themselves have become trouble-makers for girls living in PG. Meanwhile, despite the recurrence of such incidents, the police have failed to checkthem. In this case as well, the murderer walked in, killed Sinsy Sebastian and walked out without being noticed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11469712", "title": "Jallikattu bulls will not be subjected to harassment: Govt", "text": "MADURAI: The state government on Thursday gave an undertaking to the Madurai bench of the Madras High Court that measures have been taken to ensure that the bulls participating in the jallikattu event are not subjected to harassment, nor are they administered with any intoxicant and any other drugs or substance to make them more aggressive.It said, \"Strict vigil will be made to ensure that the bull-tamers participating are not in an inebriated condition.\"In an affidavit, R Palaniswamy, director of animal husbandry and veterinary services, has listed precautionary measures proposed to be taken during the jallikattu.The undertaking said provisions would be made for the bull yard by way of an enclosure, by placing double barricades to a height of not less than eight feet at the end point of the bull-taming area, where bulls are collected and detained till the completion of the event. The bull collection yards are normally of an area of about 0.5 acre.\"The state would provide for extra persons in the bull collection yard to ensure that the bulls, which enter the collection point are not allowed to come out from the area. In fact, the bulls, when they leave the area and enter the bull collection yard are secured by trained volunteers, who are familiar and would be able to control the bull,\" the government added. The movement of the bulls is arrested promptly by trying them to a stable structure like trees and cement posts. Further, provision is being made for giving feed and fodder to the bulls so that they will settle down calmly.It further said that additional police men near the collection yard would be posted to ensure that there is no spillage of the spectators into the yard. Also, additional reinforcement would be on sentry duty at the entry and exit gates. Additional medical facilities like extra ambulance vehicles, serving doctors would be provided.The affidavit said a separate gallery for spectators will be earmarked and under no circumstances will they be allowed to spill into the taming area.It was further submitted that in Madurai, all measures have been made to ensure that the participants in the event are identified in advance and they are properly trained. ID cards are to be provided to them. In Alanganallur, where the largest event is to be held, about 25 ambulances will be deployed. Coconut fibre or saw dust will be strewn on the surface in the event being conducted at Avaniyapuram.Meanwhile, welcoming the order of the high court, Karu Ambalatharsu, president of Jallikattu Veeravilayattu Padukappu Sangam told TOI that the event will be conducted smoothly by following the guidelines set by the court. \"We will conduct the event without any cruelty to the animals and without causing any injury or harm to the spectators. This year would be an exemplary one comparing with events conducted in previous years,\" he said. Terming the order as sweet news, P Rajasekar, president of Jallikattu Peravai said after the court's order, great care and attention will be given to abide by all the guidelines. \"We will conduct the event duly following the procedure evolved by the state government and the court's order. It is going to be real festival for us and our bulls. We will make this an excellent one,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11467087", "title": "Bank officer arrested for impersonation", "text": "PATNA: The Gandhi Maidan police on Thursday arrested a bank probationary officer (PO), Raghvendra Pratap Singh alias Sonu, for impersonating a candidate in an interview for the post of PO, State Bank of India (SBI). He was arrested on Wednesday evening on the complaint of the AGM (HR), State Bank of India (SBI), Patna main branch.Sonu is a native of Bhuli in Dhanbad district in Jharkhand and is posted as the PO in the Central Bank of India , Adapur, East Champaran, said City SP Kim. She said Sonu was appearing at the interview for one Kumar Sanu , a native of Supaul district, at the SBI Patna main branch. Kim said he admitted to taking Rs 1 lakh for impersonation and had earlier appeared in four such interviews after taking money from the candidates.Shop owner missing: A shop owner, Amit Kumar, a resident of Rukunpura under Airport police station, went missing after he left his house on January 10. The police said Kumar left the house saying that he was going to purchase some commodities for his shop. Sources said that when he failed to return home, his family members lodged a missing complaint with the police.Girl missing: A minor girl, Rani Kumari (16), a resident of Salimpur Ahra under the Gandhi Maidan police station, went missing on January 10. Police said she left her house on the pretext ofpurchasing medicines. Police said when she did not return home, her family members lodged a missing complaint with the police. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11473583", "title": "Republic Day: Nagpur girl gets govt invite to view parade from PM box", "text": "NAGPUR: In a rare achievement, a city girl has been invited by the central government to witness the Republic Day parade with prime minister Manmohan Singh . Nandita Rajan, a std XI student of Centre Point School (Katol Road), has been selected to sit in the exclusive PM box due to her academic achievements.The daughter of a city-based doctor couple had scored an amazing 99.4% in her std X CBSE exam held in 2011. Nandita is among the 100 meritorious students chosen from across the country to share space with the PM on January 26 in the capital. \"I received a letter from the government on January 4 and it was a pleasant surprise for me. My father first read the letter and I am honoured to have been chosen for this event,\" Nandita told TOI.The government will be arranging for Nandita's travel to the capital along with lodging and boarding facility there from January 25-28.Though the letter required Nandita to confirm her participation at the earliest, she was giving the entire event a second thought. \"I did not know if I should attend it as I have my unit tests going on. After my tests end on January 18, I have more academic assignments to focus on,\" said Nandita.However, a similar invitation also reached her school and the management was surprised to learn that Nandita had not reverted to the HRD ministry. \"My principal Kana Roy Chaudhari and teachers told me that I should not be missing the event at any cost. After listening to everyone, I finally decided that I will certainly attend the R-Day parade,\" she said.Anjali Vadokar, an officer with the HRD ministry, told TOI on the phone from New Delhi that Nandita has been selected from a vast pool of academic achievers. Vadokar said, \"The basic list that came to us consisted students from std X, std XII and 31 universities across the country. From that pool a final list of top 100 students was prepared.\"While Nandita is now excited about her trip to the capital, there is something about which she is still undecided. \"I have no idea what I will say to the PM if we are allowed to interact with him after the parade. I think I am just going to say the first thing that comes to my mind then,\" said Nandita with a smile. The whizkid plans to become a doctor, just like her parents.BOXState govt still refuses school-evaluated examThough Nandita Rajan's whopping 99.4% score in Std X CBSE exam is a great achievement by any count, her own state government refused to even acknowledge the exam. The Maharashtra government has refused to validate the school-evaluated Std X exam of the CBSE, which Nandita had appeared for. With the central government now bestowing a rare honour on the city girl based purely on her academic achievements, it raises questions on the stand taken by Maharashtra. While six months ago Nandita was refused admission in state colleges despite her near cent per cent score, she now stands tall with her achievement being recognized by the most powerful office in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468530", "title": "Notorious vehicle thief held with 2 accomplices", "text": "HYDERABAD: A notorious vehicle-lifter was arrested along with his two accomplices, and a Toyota Qualis and two bikes were seized from their possession at Falaknuma on Thursday.Falaknuma police said that 39-year-old Khaja Nayeemuddin alias Maruti Nayeem was nabbed along with his associates, Mohammed Tareeq and Mohammed Abdul Mujahid, during vehicle checking. The accused used the stolen vehicles to commit burglaries and chain snatchings.\"The car thief was using the Qualis, which he had stolen from Falaknuma Rythu Bazaar in June 2011 with a fake registration number,\" deputy commissioner of police (South Zone) Manish Kumar Sinha said in a press release.Nayeemuddin earned the nickname, Maruti Nayeem, because of his expertise in stealing Maruti cars.Police also recovered an air pistol, sword and two baseball bats from him. Police said that although Nayeem was arrested on several occasions in the past for similar offences, he did not mend his ways.Meanwhile, city police, in a press release, said that during a special drive to trace stolen vehicles, they had recovered 78 abandoned vehicles, which were either stolen or unclaimed.\"In accordance with the orders of Hyderabad police commissioner AK Khan, four teams were formed to check the two-wheelers parked at Imbliban bus station, Jubilee bus station and Secunderabad railway station. During such checking, 78 vehicles were found gathering dust. Of them, 10 were found to be stolen since their owners lodged complaints with various police stations,\" deputy commissioner of police (Detective department) J Satyanarayana said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468475", "title": "Rs 6-8L toll collection loss likely", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) will close the Bandra-Worli sea-link ( BWSL) to traffic to allow the marathon to pass through on Sunday. While MSRDC is pleased with the arrangement, toll collection company officials are upset as it will mean a loss of Rs 6-8 lakh to them.MSRDC officials explained that they were the event's co-sponsors and will get their due publicity. \"We are not giving out the sea-link free, we will get our due in publicity'', they said.Officials of the Mumbai Entry Point Ltd pointed out that the few hours of closure would affect their toll collections. \"We made a representation to the MSRDC board the last time for compensation, but did not receive anything,'' they said.Critics pointed out that MSRDC was not charging the organizers of the marathon anything even though it was having problems funding its projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11469259", "title": "'My minor daughter has been kidnapped'", "text": "PANAJI: The father of a 14-year-old girl has complained to Panaji police that his daughter has been kidnapped by a man, Rasul Shaikh, and the child is being confined in a room at Satur village, in Dharwad-Karnataka.Panaji police said that the father alleged that the accused had kidnapped his daughter on January 7. \"The father also alleged that Shaikh kidnapped the girl in connivance with his mother Halima and brother Hazrat, who are residents of Bhatlem-Panaji,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11468602", "title": "Doctors' demands met, cancel strike", "text": "INDORE: Junior doctors cancelled their scheduled strike after their demand of revoking charges framed on the doctors by the police and giving a substantial stipend hike was met by the state government. Agitated doctors on Thursday had talks with chief minister and health minister. The chiefminister gave written orders to revoke all the charges against the doctors and also announced a hike of Rs 4,000 to all the junior doctors. Earlier, government provided hikes ranging from Rs 1,000 to Rs 3,000. Dr Manoj Gupta, vice president, Junior Doctors Association said, \"We had a brief talk with the higher officials in the state capital. Our demands were met so Juda decided not to continue with the strike plan.\"This was the second time in two months time when junior doctors threatened to go on strike to press for their demand to the state government. However, taking cognizance that medical services are essential and strike of junior doctors cripples the functioning of state government-run hospitals, government took the matter on priority and resolved the deadlock before the doctors go on strike.\"The meeting with the government was congenial. Our issues were addressed and possible solution was given, which we have accepted. Government has met all our demand so there is no reason to go on strike,\" said Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11468817", "title": "Assam Gramin Vikash Bank turns 6", "text": "GUWAHATI: One of the largest regional rural banks of the country, Assam Gramin Vikash Bank (AGVB) celebrated its 6{+t}{+h} anniversary on Thursday. With 82 per cent branches in the rural areas, the bank is presently operating in 25 out of 27 districts of the state cutting across cultural and linguistic boundaries.\"All the branches and offices of the bank have migrated to the Core Banking Solution ( CBS ) platform. Post amalgamation, the bank is mainly focusing on delivering improved banking services to its customers and is trying to make adequate credit available for every need at an affordable cost. Keeping in view the technological upgradation in the banking sector, AGVB has also implemented a number of modern technology-based services in its 363 branches,\" said chairman of the bank S N Sahu.He also informed that in order to provide banking facilities in the hitherto unbanked areas, the Assam government has identified 2322 villages with over 2,000 population and a major share of these villages (816) have been allotted to the AGVB for financial inclusion.\"Business of the bank increased manifolds during the post amalgamated period of six years. Total business has gone up from Rs 2,565 crore to Rs 6,903 crore, in six years. During the same period, the total deposit and advance has been increased from Rs 1,711 crore and Rs 854 crore to Rs 4,475 crore and Rs 2,428 crore respectively. As on the date of amalgamation, the bank had an accumulated loss of Rs 34.45 crore but at the end of the financial year 2010-11 AGVB's total reserve and surplus after making all provisions was Rs 73.63 crore,\" Sahu underlined.He added that all kisan credit cards of the bank had started functioning as debit cards. The AGVB is planning to recruit over 300 new staff from Assam during the current financial year but they will have to take necessary tests that will be conducted by the Institute of Banking Personnel Selection (IBPS), Mumbai, Sahu said.\"In order to meet the technological challenges, the bank has earmarked a sum of Rs 100 crore,\" Sahu pointed out. On Thursday, the bank also opened its 363{+r}{+d} branch at Dongabari village in Morigaon district.During the first six years of its operation, the bank had witnessed a compounded growth rate of 169 per cent and the number of customers of the bank has crossed 45 lakhs. During his latest visit to the state, governor of the Reserve Bank of India, D Subbarao rated the performance of the bank as outstanding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11474315", "title": "'Anna kites' set to dot Jaipur's skyline on Makarsankranti", "text": "JAIPUR: The Pink City's skyline is all set to be dotted with images of Anna Hazare with kites bearing his pictures being a hit with lovers of the paper wonders ahead of the Makarsankranti festival.Kite markets in the city are a riot of colour with kites of all shapes and sizes adorning the bylanes.\"Normally, enthusiastic kite-lovers purchase fancy kites which have multiple designs or pictures of film stars.This year, we are observing, that many people are buying fancy kites just because they have Anna's picture on them,\" Abdul Hameed, an old kite trader in Haldiyon Ka Rasta, a popular market here, said.Kite manufacturers have also prepared kites bearing Anna's image in large numbers as the Gandhian has been in the news for the last few months.Makarsankranti is celebrated as kite flying day in many parts of the country.\"Fancy kites are made up of plastic and have prints of different icons like politicians and film stars.This year, Anna is a hot favourite,\" he said, adding the rate of such fancy kites starts from Rs.10.Hameed said that a few groups of people have ordered for fancy kites bearing different pictures of Anna in bulk.Prices of kites and glass laced thread (manjha) are high as compared to last year but it has not dampened the enthusiasm of kite lovers.\"Rates of kites and manjhas have gone up by 20-40 per cent and there is shortage of stock in markets but despite this, we hope for a good business because schools are closed due to cold and children are free. Moreover, Makarsakranti is falling over the weekend, and weather conditions are favourable,\" kite trader Prakash Panwar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468429", "title": "Ticket checker in run for Tiranga", "text": "MUMBAI: Ever wondered why there's a sofa, dining table, bean bag, showcase full of your life's memories, even a dead tiger's head hanging over your fireplace, but never an Indian flag? Khalid Qureshi (40), a ticket checker, will participate in Sunday's marathon with a Tiranga, to ensure that we do so in future.While there will be people running for special and underprivileged children, Qureshi will take up the cause of patriotism. He hopes to interact with individuals and through the course of his Run for Tiranga instill a sense of patriotism in them in the Half Marathon.Citing the marathon as a practice run, the Borivli resident plans to run 1,900 km from the Gateway of India to India Gate in New Delhi from January 26. Says Qureshi passionately, \"I have been running 24 km everyday at the National Park with the national flag for three months now. People have started recognizing my cause and have joined me in my efforts. I now have a 16-member team helping me with my Run for Tiranga plans.\"Hoping to hand over the national flag to President Pratibha Patil at India Gate, Qureshi would have travelled through 10 cities including Ahmedabad, Udaipur, Ajmer and Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11467376", "title": "Railways to stop supplementary trains", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the winter holidays almost over and lesser number of tourists opting for the toy train services, the railway authorities have decided to do away with the supplementary trains.During the year-end holiday rush, tourists found it difficult to buy train tickets with large crowds reaching the ticket counters, and Kalka railway authorities had started a supplementary train to Shimla.Talking to TOI, Kalka station superintendent V K Arora said, \"The number of passengers was a lot more this season. The exact count shall be confirmed when we compile the data relating to the tickets booked online, and those sold at the counters. We expect a lean period till the end of April.\"Arora said, \"The supplementary train was withdrawn from on Wednesday. At present, most trains are running with 80-85% capacity, and this is likely to continue till the weekend.\"Meanwhile, the Kalka-Shimla Toy train is set to be booked for foreign tourists as part of an agreement signed by Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC), with an England-based company.A special train with 90 seats will be run on the heritage track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468326", "title": "Srilakshmi kept Gali\u2019s competitors out", "text": "HYDERABAD: In its chargesheet in the illegal mining case involving Obulapuram Mining Company, the CBI has stated that senior IAS officer and former secretary of industries and mines Y Srilakshmi, who is now in jail for her role in the scam, went out of her way in convincing the central government to help OMC even before the procedures for the granting of the lease could be completed. In all haste, she issued two GOs on June 18, 2007, granting mining lease on nearly 100 hectares of land to OMC in Anantapur district.Though she successfully eliminated any potential rivals of OMC from the fray by citing 'captive' use as a pretext for preferring Gali Janardhan Reddy's company, the GOs she issued finally did not contain the words \"Captive Use\". This gave the key accused, Gali Janardhan Reddy, and his OMC to sell away all the illegal ore they mined elsewhere through this legal lease, the CBI chargesheet said. Another accused in the case, VD Rajagopal the then director of the state mines wing at that time, was also acting as incharge MD of AP Mineral Development Corporation (APMDC) for some time. And it was during this time the APMDC too was brought to the fore as one of the applicants for the mines in the area. The accused did this only with a design to sideline many other applicants, the CBI chargesheet said. Later, Srilakshmi tried to hand over to OMC even the 25 hectares of land that was earmarked for APMDC. At his stage, the then minister for mines Sabita Indra Reddy dissuaded Srilakshmi from going ahead in this regard.Srilakshmi's rejection of lease applications of M/s Satavahana company in Anantapur and Zimpex was also mentioned in the chargesheet to highlight her bias for OMC. Both the firms were badly in need of ore.She cited Gali's plans to set up Brahmani Steels in Kadapa as the reason for rejecting the applications of the two firms. In the file notings sent to the Centre, she said Gali was setting up a steel plant and he would use the OMC leases to extract ore exclusively for Brahmani.And Brahmani never came up and the GOs issued by Srilakshmi did not carry the words \"Captive Use\" as part of a conspiracy she hatched in connivance with Gali and Co.The CBI charged Gali with making more than Rs 5000 crore through illegal mining in Karnataka and showing all the mineral as legally mined ore from the land in AP. The ore deposites in AP were found to be inferior and not good for exports to like China.Former minister JC Diwakar Reddy's accountant Jinka Nagasubba Rayudu too bid unsuccessfully for a mining lease in the Bellary reserve forest.But the YSR regime in 2007 had chosen Gali's OMC for the lease and rejected all other applicants who vied for the same mines in Ananthapur district. The CBI chargesheet listed these 'rejected' applicants as the witnesses.The chargesheet also contains several persons hailing from Tadipatri as witnesses.In fact, the Rs 5 crore seized from Gali Janardhan Reddy and B V Srinivas Reddy from their houses in Bellary on the day of their arrest were also traced to a branch of Syndicate bank in Tadipatri. TDP former MP Kalva Srinivasulu from Anantapur too was examined as a witness.Meanwhile, the judicial custody of another accused in the case, senior IAS officer Y Srilakshmi, was also extended till January 25. She was not produced in court at the time of supplying chargesheets to the accused.Also on Thursday, Gali Janardhan Reddy, BV Srinivas Reddy and VD Rajagopal were produced in CBI court where they were handed copies of the chargesheet in the case. Their judicial remand, too, was extended till January 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "11469607", "title": "Alwar leads in supply of spurious milk", "text": "ALWAR: Alwar district, one of the leading suppliers of milk to the National Capital Region (NCR), is notorious for rampant adulteration.With ever-increasing demand for milk in Delhi, Gurgaon and Noida, the adulteration business has intensified in various parts of Alwar district. Admitting that synthetic milk business is thriving in the area, Sushil Kumar, a milkman from the region, claimed, \"In Alwar and other neighbouring districts of UP, adulteration is quite common. I, too, am engaged in this business and supply 300 litres of spurious milk daily to sweet makers and households.\"Barodamev, Ramgarh, Tijara and Kishangarhbas and Laxmangarh are the hub of synthetic milk in Alwar. \"Administration is largely responsible for such a kind of situation. Till date, the health department takes action against culprits under the Food Adulteration Act 1954 despite the introduction of the new Food Safety and Standard Act (FSSAI) 2006,\" Rajesh Krishna Sidh said.In 2011, the health department collected 900 milk samples in the district in which 147 samples tested positive for adulteration. However, the department has issued challans in only 131 cases while no action has been taken against remaining16 adulators.\"From August 2011, the new law has been implemented but the old law is being adhered to in taking action. But from now onwards, the proceedings will happen as per the Food Safety and Standard Act 2006,\" Murarilal Sharma, food inspector, said.\"After the survey of FSSAI we will again run a campaign against adulterated milk as 35% of the milk goes to Delhi and NCR\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11469591", "title": "Drive against unaccounted money continues", "text": "VARANASI: The recovery of cash and valuables continued under the ongoing operation of the surveillance and police teams on Thursday and more flying squads were constituted to monitor the drive. The static surveillance and police teams in Rohania succeeded in detecting a vehicle in which cash worth Rs 14 lakh was being carried without supporting documents.The teams were busy in checking the vehicles passing through GT Road when the officials caught a SUV (UP 65 AT 5935). When this vehicle was checked, the officials recovered huge cash. The person carrying the money was identified as Lakhendra Kumar of Adampur locality, who said that he was a bank employee and taking the money from Allahabad to deposit it at a bank in Varanasi.However, he could not produce documents in support of cash. The officials seized the cash and vehicle and handed over the case to income tax officials for further investigation. The Railway Protection Force (RPF) also succeeded in nabbing two youth with 2.60 quintals of silver ornaments from platform nine of Cantonment railway station on Thursday morning.According to RPF, two youth identified as Jagmohan Pandey and Kailash Yadav of Ghazipur alighted a train with big bags. When their bags were checked, huge quantity of silver ornaments brought from Agra to deliver it at some shop in Thatheri Bazaar, were recovered.The youth claimed that the ornaments were 1.91 quintal in weight. When the ornaments were weighed, the actual weight came to be 2.60 quintals. The youth had no supporting documents and the matter was handed over to income tax and trade tax departments. The district election officer had constituted static surveillance team and flying quad for each Assembly constituency. These teams had seizure of about Rs 1 crore so far.To keep vigil on the operations of these teams, the district election officer constituted eight more teams, who were given magisterial power. Flag march: The series of flag marches before the Assembly election started from Thursday. The CRPF personnel carried out a march under circle officer Kiran S.The march covered many area like Pandeypur, Lalpur, Nadesar and Pahadia, falling in Cantonment, city North and Shivpur Assembly constituencies. DEO's inspection: The district election officer conducted a surprise inspection of the election offices at Vikas Bhawan on Thursday. During this inspection a youth from Shivpur met him and made a complaint that despite running from pillar to post no official was ready to receive his voter registration form. Ravindra received the form and directed the election office staff to help the people turning up for registration in the voters list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11468405", "title": "2 new born babies handed over to NGO by minor mothers", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a clear indication of the growing rate of unprotected sex among teenagers in the city, a four days old male baby was handed over to Childline (1098), a voluntary agency that cares for children in distress, by his 17-year-old mother, a student of a leading self financing college in the city.After medical examination, the infant was accommodated at the rehabilitation centre of the agency. The infant is healthy and devoid of any complications, said S Umadevi, coordinator of the local unit of Childline.The girl came to Childline accompanied by her parents, who had decided this was the best option in order to protect their daughter's future. They refused to lodge any formal complaint against the college student who impregnated her saying any such move would subject their daughter to public ridicule.According to Umadevi, the agency got another four days old male baby during the last week of December, left behind by the 14-year-old mother, who was studying in a high school owned by City Corporation. That infant also was accommodated in a rehabilitation centre of the agency.Both the girls told the agency that they were subject to sexual abuse by their male friends who took advantage of their trust in them. The girls also said they were unaware of safe sex methods at the time of intercourse.District Child Welfare Committee chairman V Raja said the two incidents have forced the committee to undertake widespread awareness among school and college students about sexual abuse and teenage sex.It was only recently, two new born babies were found dead in a garbage dump yard in Puliyakulam. Unable to withstand social scrutiny, the teenaged mother killed and dumped her twins in the yard. Childline will take care of such children. Anyone can contact Childline through the toll free number 1098,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468453", "title": "Govt officials summoned", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has summoned three Delhi government officials on charges of perjury in another court.The officers, who were summoned by the court of chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav, include a former secretary in the department of industries and deputy commissioner Darshan Singh working with the commissioner of industries.While issuing summons to the Delhi government's former secretary in the department of industries, the court did not identify him, but expected the authorities to serve the summon on the official concerned after identifying him. It also issued summon to a third unnamed official, expecting the government to identify him.Yadav issued the summons on a complaint by senior civil judge Ajay Goel accusing them of deposing falsely in his court in a property case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11469996", "title": "Special drive to trace stolen vehicles", "text": "NASHIK: A special drive to search for vehicles stolen from the city was announced by the crime branch unit of the city police during an annual review ceremony. The crime branch also revealed that it had arrested 202 persons wanted in crimes and recovered stolen goods, jewellery and cash worth Rs 84,12,667.Assistant commissioner of police Avinash Ambure, while accepting the fact that cracking vehicle thefts has become a challenge, said that the unit is trying to control the chain-snatching menace in the city. While over a 1,000 vehicles were stolen from different parts of the city in 2011, the city unit of the crime branch has cracked 66 cases and recovered bikes worth Rs 33.13 lakh and arrested 57 accused. Further, it has recovered 39 more cycles worth Rs 7.80 lakh stolen from outside the district.Ambure added that most of the vehicles were stolen from rural areas around the city at throwaway prices. Burglars usually change the number plates and dispose the vehicles in rural areas, where there is no police checking of vehicles.Other crime branch officials said that whenever the city police attempted to check vehicles in rural areas, the owners of the vehicles, worried because they had not been given the requisite documents for the vehicles by the sellers, used to hide their vehicles. So, it became difficult for the police to trace the stolen vehicles.At the meeting, the crime branch also said that there were attempts to take up a joint drive with the rural police to check vehicles in the rural areas in the district to trace stolen vehicles.Speaking about the lull in incidents of chain-snatching, Ambure said the attempt by the city police is to keep the accused in such crimes in custody. Earlier, chain-snatchers were booked under section 379 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), which is related to simple theft. However, of late, they have started booking such culprits under Section 392 of the IPC, which is forced robbery, and the jail term for which is also more.There have been 396 break-ins across the city coming under the Nashik Police Commissionerate,until October 2011. 250 chain snatchings, 19 dacoities and 107 forced robberies. ACP Ambure provided the performance of Unit 1 of the Crime Branch alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11470036", "title": "Now, traffic police to paste stickers about road regulations on vehicles", "text": "NASHIK: To instill the importance of traffic discipline among bikers and motorists in the city, the local police have started pasting stickers with relevant messages on vehicles. As part of its traffic awareness campaign, police commissioner Vinod Lokhande unveiled the stickers and pamphlets at the commissionerate on Thursday.Also present on the occasion were DCP Arvind Gaikwad, DCP Sunil Phulari, DCP D S Swami, regional transport officer Chandrakant Kharatmal, ACP Sanjeev Thakur and others. Commissioner Lokhande said he hoped that the initiative would help the cause of enforcing traffic discipline in the city., the stickers and pamphlets to be distributed by the traffic cell is an attempt to spread awareness among vehicle drivers on what they can do in their capacity to ensure their safety and the safety of others on the city roads.ACP Thakur said that 10,000 stickers and as many pamphlets will be distributed by the different divisions of the traffic branch. The stickers and pamphlets list the dos and don'ts for motorcycle drivers, autorickshaw drivers, cyclists, etc.Auto drivers have been urged to be courteous to passengers and asked not to park their vehicles at places other than the stands provided for them. They have also been asked to charge tariff as per the meter, not carry more than the permitted number of school students, put safety grills on the right side of their vehicles and wear uniforms, among other things.Meanwhile, the suggestions for motorcycle drivers include observing lane discipline, overtaking vehicles only from the right side, switching on indicators while turning, not parking vehicles in a manner that could obstruct traffic, not drinking and driving, not using screechy horns, slowing down and stopping when the amber light goes on, keeping the vehicle at a sufficient distance from the vehicle in the front, not halting vehicles on zebra crossings, helping accident victims, and using helmets.The pamphlets say that traffic rules are also applicable for cycle riders and they too should not change lanes abruptly, should not try to ride two cycles parallel to one another and should use headlights and tail-lamps on cycles.The traffic cell collected over Rs one crore in fines in 2011 for traffic violations.Among the other things, vehicle drivers have been urged to obey pedestrians, observe discipline, bring down the speed of vehicle while entering chowks, not to use upper-lights (high beam) during night driving in the city, avoid racing, not to talk on phone and use of indicators and signal by hand while turning.Autorickshaw drivers have also been asked to adhere to traffic rules strictly if they are carrying school students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11470242", "title": "Over 61k new voters in PCMC areas\u2019 list", "text": "PUNE: There are 11.52 lakh voters in Pimpri Chinchwad as per the ward-wise primary voters' list released by the election department of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) on Thursday.A total of 61,461 new voters have been added to the list from the last assembly election, Uday Tekale, assistant commissioner and chief of the election department, said.The list is available for inspection at the offices of 12 returning officers in parts the city, PCMC main office building and zonal offices. Citizens can check the list and submit their suggestions till 5 pm on January 17 at the 12 RO offices. The suggestions or objections without concrete evidence and after the specified period will not be accepted.\"Citizens can give their objections about the names in the voters' list if the wrong address is mentioned in the list or there is a printing mistake in the names, or the voter is dead or the name of one voter appears twice in the list of the same ward or the name of one voter appears in the list of multiple wards,\" Tekale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468260", "title": "Solar power lights up Swedish Embassy", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an effort to reduce carbon footprint, the Swedish Embassy has started using solar panels for power generation. The embassy will meet 10% of its total energy demand through solar power.The embassy building has solar panels spread over an area of 600 sqm that produce about 75 kw of power. This, say officials, will result in annual savings of Rs 7-8 lakh in power bills.Swedish Ambassador Lars-Olof Lindgren and minister for new and renewable energy Farooq Abdullah inaugurated the system on Thursday. Lindgren said that the project was part of the Swedish government's efforts to reduce its carbon footprint at Swedish properties all across the world by 26% till 2016. \"Key measures have been taken to reduce the energy consumption during 2012 and onwards targeting a total energy consumption of approximately 35% through new and renewable sources,\" said Lindgren.The Swedish government is using solar energy at three of its embassies worldwide, of which India has its biggest project. The other two solar power projects are at Cairo in Egypt and Canberra in Australia. \"The project cost Rs 2.1 crore and we are hoping to expand it eventually. Along with other energy saving systems that we have at our Embassy, we are looking at saving about Rs 20 lakh each year,\" said a senior official.The embassy building has an automatic cooling and heating system, solar based outdoor lighting systems, automatic light and power switches based on motion detectors, three-glass layered windows in its new buildings, extra insulation in walls and roofs and water harvesting. At present, 5,000 cubic metre is being harvested annually and the government is targeting 15,000 cubic metre annually in the next few years.Their current water consumption within the embassy area is approximately 10,000 cubic metre annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469400", "title": "Kalam opens Vivekanand birth festivities", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"I am born with goodness , I am born with greatness and confidence... and I have wings beneath my wings. I fly, I fly, I fly,\" these were the opening lines of the missile man and former Indian president Dr APJ Abdul Kalam . The crowd repeated these lines in unison followed by a thunderous applause.Kalam was delivering the inaugural address of the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Swami Vivekanand in the state to a jampacked audience at Mahatma Mandir's exhibition hall in Gandhinagar on Thursday. Chief minister Narendra Modi was quick to declare 2012 as the year of skill development for the youth and announced that the government will open several centres called the Swami Vivekanand skill development center in various parts of Gujarat.Kalam then spoke on how science can enhance creativity and cited the examples of great inventors like the White brothers, Thomas Edison, C V Raman. he urged students to give wings to their dreams, fly high and make their own mark. He asked students many a times during his speech to recite his oaths.He also made students promise to work selflessly and single-mindedly towards creating harmonious homes a corruption-free and orderly societies and peaceful nation.Also, chief minister Narendra Modi urged youngsters to fullfil Swamiji's unfulfilled dream of a strong and just nation. \"This year, across government departments and in small villages and talukas we will spread the message of Swamiji to the youth. 2012 will be dedicated to the youth. Youngsters should understand the importance of spirituality in their lives through Swamiji.\"Modi also stressed on launching vocational programmes across the state to increase employment among youth. \"Today, every youngster wants to participate in development, be it in the country or state, such vocational programmes will help create that essential workforce.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468970", "title": "SC sets precedent for up to 10 yrs jail time", "text": "MUMBAI: Nine years after Bollywood actor Salman Khan crashed his Land Cruiser and ran over sleeping pavement dwellers near a Bandra bakery killing one person and injuring four others, the trial in his case is yet to reach a conclusion. Legal experts say the Supreme Court's order upholding the charges of culpable homicide in the drunken driving case against Alistair Pereira, may now spell trouble for Khan and others involved in similar accidents.\"The same law that has been upheld in the Pereira case should now be applied to other cases of rash and negligent driving under the influence,\" said former public prosecutor Satish Borulkar, who had represented the state in the appeal before the HC in the Pereira case.\"This is one of the first cases where the apex court has said that the serious criminal charge of culpable homicide can be applied in a hit and run case. It will now be open for the courts to include the charges depending on the facts of the case.\" Rash and negligent driving invites a maximum prison term of two years if convicted, but a person held guilty of culpable homicide not amounting to murder can be jailed for up to 10 years.But advocate Dipesh Mehta, Khan's lawyer says that such generalizations could be dangerous. \"In an unfortunate case where people have died, the hue and cry of victims and their families is justified. It should not, however, be forgotten that an accident is just that, an accident,'' said Mehta. \"In cases of accidents, the facts and circumstances in each case may be different. There cannot be a standard provision of law that in every accident case the grave charge of culpable homicide must be applied.''In Khan's case, the police have already filed an application before the Bandra metropolitan magistrate seeking to add the charge of culpable homicide. The application was opposed by Khan's lawyers. While Pereira's case was fast-tracked-the matter was sent to the fast track sessions court in Sewree which conducted the trial in three days and then the high court took up the appeals immediately-the Salman Khan case seems to be moving at a slow pace. \"The trial is on and witnesses are being examined,'' said Mehta about the status of the case.It is not just Khan, but other hit and run accused like India-born US national Nooriya Haveliwala who will now have to explain why they should not be charged with culpable homicide. Recently, the high court acquitted industrialist Mahendra Khatau's son Manish Khatau of charges of attempt to murder after he had rammed his speeding Ford Ikon car into a police barricade along Marine Drive. A constable Jitendra Rokde was seriously injured in the accident. In Khatau's case, however, he was not drunk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11469782", "title": "Cops drive against red-blue vehicle number plates", "text": "RANCHI: Police have launched a drive at Sarjana Chowk against vehicles with number plates displaying registration numbers on red-blue background symbolizing it as a vehicle owned by a cop.City SP Ranjeet Prasad said, \"Not knowing that fancy number plate is an offence under the Motor Vehicles Act, many residents, mostly motorcyclists, paint their number plate with red and blue colours. They colour the number plate to denote that the vehicle belongs to a police man which may help them escape despite breaking a traffic rule. We are removing such fancy number plates,\" he said.ASI Yogendra Nath Mishra, who was monitoring the drive, said, \"We have orders to remove these plates from two wheelers. In barely two hours, we have painted 20 number plates sporting police symbol with black colour. Most of the people who were caught claimed to be relatives of policemen.\"People caught with such number plates came up with funny excuses. Naimuddin, who claimed to be a human rights activist from in Jehanabad, said, \" We have the permission to put red and blue colour on our number plate in case of emergency,\" he said.Suran Soren, who did not oppose police painting his number plate, claimed to be the driver of JMM chief Shibu Soren . He said, \"If the traffic police have the order to paint the number plates why should I react. They are doing their work and I know that I am not doing anything wrong.\"\"The vehicle belongs to my father Indranath Ram, who is working with police and is posted in Chandwa, but I usually ride it. I had no idea about this new rule,\" said a 20-year-old student, Brajeshwar Ram, who was also nabbed for using a red-blue number plate.\"The drive has been started and our next target will be 'Press' marked vehicles,\" said the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11470290", "title": "NGOs and hostels asked to buy onions", "text": "HUBLI: The Koppal district administration has undertaken several measures on a war-footing to contain the after-effects of the glut in onion production. As the first signs of distress, sale emerged and agitated farmers hit the streets, the government annoucned a minimum support price (MSP) of Rs Rs 760 for A grade onion, Rs 560 for B and Rs360 for C grade quality onions.The district administration procured more than 30,000 quintals of onions from the growers. Besides asking government employees to mandatorily purchase a quintal each of the produce at Rs760 per quintal, arrangements were also made to sell onions through PDS shops. Some quantity of onion was also sold to mid-day meal programme in schools.\"Government employees have already purchased around 5,000 quintals of onions and we also sold around 20,000 quintal of onions through rations shops for Rs 1, 2 and 3 per KG,\" deputy commissioner Thulasi Maddineni told the Times of India.NGOs and hostels too have been asked to chip in buying onions, she added. With onion being a staple vegetable in the region and not perishable, the problem of quantity is not really bothering the employees. It is dried by being spread under sunlight or hung on rafters to preserve it longer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11469268", "title": "City walls, signage scrubbed of political graffiti", "text": "MUMBAI: Civic wards have started white-washing walls across the city. All political graffiti is being cleaned since the announcement of the election code of conduct last week.\"It is illegal to deface walls but who obeys the law anyway?'' asked a civic official sarcastically. By Thursday evening, most ward officers claimed to have removed banners, posters and wall graffiti in their wards.The BMC officials in charge of the civic elections in the city said once the code of conduct came into force, it was expected that there would be no visible sign promoting a political party. When it came into force on the afternoon of January 3, ward officers deployed their labour staff to pull down political hoardings and clean walls.\"Under Section 328 of the BMC Act, we can prosecute offenders for defacing public property and can even penalize. But it is a very cumbersome process. It is best we do it ourselves,'' said a ward officer, and added that they do not expect political parties to pay for the cleaning effort.Several ward officers have also been using the opportunity to remove unauthorized political boards at street corners and on footpaths.G-North (Dadar) ward officer D P Jain had to face the ire of the Shiv Sena and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena activists on Wednesday when he tried to remove their notice boards. Both the parties demanded that the boards be covered rather than demolished.Kishore Kshirsagar, deputy municipal commissioner, Zone II, though, pointed out to the protesting activists that boards could be covered only if they were authorized. Some ward officers have fallen in line with the demands of political parties to cover their notice boards rather than demolish them.Ward officers now want the municipal commissioner to issue instructions in the matter so that there is uniformity across the city. \"If one ward officer is lenient then those who stick to the rule will be targeted by political parties after the election. But if there is a general instruction then ward officers will be able to work without fear,'' said a ward officer on condition of anonymity.Praful Vora of Jagrut Nagrik Manch that had launched an agitation against illegal hoardings two years ago, said it was sad the city had to pay to clean up for the misdeeds of its probable political leaders. \"Politicians have to realize that the city does not belong to them.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469341", "title": "Spanco to install advanced meters for effective monitoring", "text": "NAGPUR: Power franchisee Spanco has started a pilot project in Manewada area wherein advanced electricity meters will be installed at households, shops, transformers and 11 KV feeders. The company would analyze the results of the working of these advanced meters and then take a decision about installation of more such meters.These meters will enable Spanco to reduce power theft by monitor the power consumption of any consumer online. \"We will replace the existing meter. The new meter will be connected to our central server. The power consumption by every consumer will be recorded and if anybody tries to tamper his meter, the server will immediately record it. This will help us in nabbing the culprit,\" Spanco commercial chief Asit Tyagi told the media on Thursday. He assured that Spanco would not charge anything from the consumers for installing these meters.He further said that these meters use AMI technology, which is the latest in the world. \"Our company is the first in the country to use these meters.\"Tyagi further said that the company plans to install these meters at every level so that energy consumption at 11 KV feeders, distribution transformers as well as individual consumers was known. \"This will ensure perfect energy audit and accounting and in the long run will reduce the distribution losses.\"Once all the existing meters are replaced by AMI meters, Spanco will discontinue the system of manual billing. \"Currently disputes arise over meter reading taken by billing staffers. This will no longer be the case once online reading is taken. We will intimate about monthly consumption and issue the bill to the consumers by SMSes,\" he said.The data will be transferred from individual meters to the central server via the existing power cables. No new cables will be required for this process. Spanco officials said that the cost of data transfer using AMI technology was far less as compared to GPRS technology.At present, many utilities use AMR technology in energy meters. This is costlier than AMI and is less effective. Most utilities in developed countries have now shifted to AMI technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469221", "title": "Leopard death case: State to file affidavit in HC by Jan 24", "text": "NAGPUR: Expressing deep anguish over apathy of the forest department resulting in the death of a full-grown leopard on May 26, 2007, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court, on Wednesday, told the Maharashtra government to file a detailed affidavit over the action taken against officials concerned. The beast, which had fallen into a well in Fukeshwar (Khapri Davha) village near the city, allegedly died due to use of expired drugs in tranquilizer.A division bench, comprising justices PB Majmudar and Ashok Bhangale, blasted forest officials for death of the animal due to negligence. The judges told the forest officials to submit the details before January 24, which is the next date of hearing. The court's missives came while hearing a plea filed by Ramvilas Sharma of Kamptee and Bhupendra Singh Chandel. They prayed for directions to the government to constitute an independent committee to probe the matter and initiate departmental proceedings against the guilty. They also demanded criminal action against the guilty for killing the beast. During the last hearing, the HC imposed a fine of Rs 2,000 on the forest officer of state forest department's Seminary Hills office in the city.The PIL alleges that no veterinary doctor was present at the spot when the animal was tranquillized. Those who shot the dart were untrained and of the four darts they shot, two hit the ground while remaining two hit the leopard near the lungs and spinal cord killing it instantly inside the well. As per law, darting procedure is to be conducted in presence of a registered veterinary doctor. In case of failure, there is a provision of fine up to Rs 5,000 or six months imprisonment for violation. The forest department then made a startling disclosure admitting that expired medicines were used to tranquilize the leopard.Then the bench appointed a court commissioner OW Gupta to inspect the stocked medicines at the Seminary Hills office and also to check the records of register. During his visit, it was found that stock register was not maintained properly while the expired medicines were stocked with routine ones. There were no separate records for the both types of medicines. These findings prompted the judges' to order department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11469546", "title": "Fortified edible oil to be available soon", "text": "JAIPUR: International development agency, Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition ( GAIN) and Institute of Health Management Research (IIHMR) are planning to launch fortified edible oil in the state to fight against malnutrition among the people soon.The Hungama (Hunger and Malnutrition) survey was carried out recently by Naandi Foundation in 112 districts of six states including Rajasthan where malnutrition is more than 70% mainly among scheduled tribes. Among children, the figures are similar to national average, experts say.It would be India's biggest food fortification project that plans to fortify edible oil and wheat flour with iron, vitamin B12 and folic acid.Besides, they are making people aware about food fortification in Rajasthan Khadi Udyog Sangh's fair, which will conclude on Friday. In the fair, visitors are also being informed about the benefits of micronutrient malnourishment.\"Aim of the project is to reduce micronutrient deficiencies in the population of Rajasthan and the fair is a good opportunity to conduct a campaign on public awareness on food fortification,\" Dhirendra Kumar, IIHMR official, said.Apart from distributing pamphlets and flyers highlighting the benefits of food fortification, a radio jingle and short documentary film on the project is also being shown to the visitors.The state government is supplying fortified wheat flour in all 33 districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469521", "title": "Hostel inmates rebel over eviction of 3 girls accused of ragging", "text": "NAGPUR: Girls from a government hostel thronged the social welfare office on Thursday and protested for the entire day after the warden evicted three senior girls for allegedly ragging two sisters. The evicted girls and rest of the hostel residents claimed the ragging allegations were false, and demanded that the seniors girls should be allowed back in the hostel. Finally, the three girls were allowed to stay till senior social welfare officials return from Mumbai.Smita Kamde, Namrapali Gondane and Sangeeta Bankar, all students of LLM second year, were thrown out of the hostel after Shalini and Nalini Bagde alleged ragging and torture by them.On Wednesday afternoon, the Bagde sisters, staying at a government hostel in Sakkardara, had alleged torture and ragging since last week by three senior girls. They had even gone to file a complaint at Sadar police station but were turned away. Police said a case could be registered only after the warden or other government official lodged a complaint.On Thursday, the rest of the girls at the hostel raised slogans and marched to the divisional commissioner's officer to protest the eviction of three senior girls. However, they were turned away since the commissioner was not in the city. The protesting girls were also sent back from the police commissioner's office as police chief Ankush Dhanvijay was busy in a meeting. Later, the girls reached Sadar police station where they were assured of proper action against the warden.\"There was no ragging at all. The Bagde sisters are lying,\" said Sangeeta. The girls said that a few months ago these three seniors had complained and protested against the then warden Rajni Vaidya for harassing and forcing them to do extra work at the hostel. \"She would abuse us and threaten to oust us from the hostel. Hence, the seniors complained about her and she was suspended,\" said Sangeeta.Shalini claims that since she and her sister did not support the seniors in the complaint against Vaidya, they accused Nalini of stealing a cell phone and beat her in front of other girls.The other girls however allege that since Vaidya is a distant relative of the Bagde sisters, she might have forced the sisters to file a complaint against the girls.Lajwanti Singar, present warden of the hostel, denied any ragging happened in the hostel. She said that till higher officials return from Mumbai, all the girls will be allowed to stay in the hostel. Social welfare officer Siddharth Gaikwad did not pick up phone calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11469434", "title": "Wandering big cat remains elusive", "text": "LUCKNOW: The tiger, which had strayed from South Kheri, and has come to Rahmankhera, in Lucknow, is still to be spotted by experts from WTI team or the forest officers. But, the clear imprints of pugmarks have confirmed the presence of the big cat in the area.On Wednesday morning, a forest guard at the place had heard the tiger growling. \"Since tiger is a territorial animal, it growls habitually,\" said Rahul Shukla , former honorary wildlife warden, Dudhwa, who is helping the forest department in tiger tracking operation.The carcass of a blue bull which was found at Rahmankhera pointed out that it could be the first prey of the tiger. No new kill has been spotted. The big cat, however, has eaten away the blue bull completely. It's only that the hooves and the bones have been left at the place.It was on January 1 that the presence of the tiger was first noticed in Hardoi. On Sunday, pugmarks were seen in Kakori. The experts are trying to localise the tiger so that it does not stray further.The big cat is said to have taken a long route. It could have transgressed from South Kheri, moved through Gola, Hardoi, backfields of Sandila, Kakori to it's present location in Rahmankhera. It's present location is a semi-habited area. Besides, it has lot of tiger's natural prey, blue bulls, present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11469218", "title": "Advani, Modi likely to meet Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI: Speculation is rife that senior BJP leaders L K Advani and Narendra Modi are likely to meet Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa when they come to Chennai on January 14 to participate in the annual function organised by 'Tuglak', a Tamil journal edited by Cho Ramasamy. While their appointment with the CM is yet to be officially confirmed, Advani is likely to call on long time friend, actor Rajnikanth.Modi will arrive in Chennai by a special flight on January 14 afternoon and return the same night. Advani will arrive in the city from Delhi. Sources said both the leaders will call on Sukumaran Nambiar's family and pay their condolences to the bereaved family. Nambiar, a senior BJP leader, died recently following a heart attack. The two leaders may meet Jayalalithaa over dinner during their visit to the state. Advani will spend time with Rajnikanth as well.The two meetings may not have much political significance as the two leaders could be merely making courtesy calls in view of their long time associations with the Tamil Nadu leaders.While the Jayalalithaa-Modi association goes a long way back, Advani and Rajnikanth are known to be long time friends. The meeting between Advani and Rajnikanth is the first in a long time after the actor's medical treatment in Singapore . The star is yet to get back to his shooting schedules.As for Modi, who, in recent years, has never skipped the 'Tuglak' function held every Pongal in which readers of the magazine are invited to participate, he has never turned down an invitation from the Tamil Nadu chief minister.Modi also never failed to visit Jayalalithaa whenever he visited the state and the AIADMK supremo too maintained her friendship with the Gujarat chief minister, be it in inviting him for her swearing-in ceremony as Tamil Nadu chief minister or lending moral support to him by deputing two of her senior representatives to Ahmedabad during his Sadbhavana fast last year.When Modi participated in the Tuglak function in 2008, Jayalalithaa hosted a special lunch for him and his party colleague Ravi Shankar Prasad. Jayalalithaa had later dismissed reports suggesting a political significance in deputing two senior AIADMK leaders for Modi's September fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468397", "title": "Bird survey at Rani Baug", "text": "MUMBAI: Save Rani Baug committee members, along with a birder associated with the Bombay Natural History Society, started a bird survey at Rani Baug on Thursday in order to get a concrete data on different species of birds present in the zoo, which is in its 150th year of existence. The survey is being headed by Dr Ketaki Mathak. The committee members said they have already identified 40 species but they wanted an authentic data that can be a reference point in the future. \"We have repeatedly said that there are 3,213 trees of 286 species along with shrubs and herbs of different kinds. It is a dense, wooded botanical garden. It is a good habitat for birds, butterflies and insects,\" said Hutokshi Rustomfram of the Save Rani Baug Committee.The survey is likely to take few more days before the experts arrive at a conclusion.\"Currently, winter migratory birds are also present in the zoo. We will have to come again during different seasons to get a more conclusive data Once the basic survey is over after a few days, we will revisit the garden during the summer and monsoon to see how many birds and species there actually are ,\" said Hutokshi Rustomfram of the Save Rani Baug Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11469940", "title": "Night trains on Howrah-Mum route to resume by weekend", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With the lifting of ban on night train services on Kharagpur-Tatanagar section, all important trains will start running on the Howrah-Mumbai route by this weekend.As all express and superfast trains connecting Howrah to western India run via Tatanagar at night, the Chakradharpur division of the South Eastern Railway ( SER) has made security and logistic arrangements for smooth running of trains. \"Light engine locomotive and goods train will run ahead of the passenger trains in the Maoist-hit areas. Passenger trains will run at 70 to 75 kmph speed in vulnerable zones, while special RPF will move with the passengers,\" said a RPF official.Tatanagar station manager R Choudhary said, \"By January 16, all important trains originating from Howrah will run on scheduled hours with adequate security and safety arrangements.\"The manager added that 24x7 public announcement is being done at the station to inform the passengers about rescheduling of the trains. According to information available with the Tatanagar station, Purushottam Express along with Howrah-Hatia Express and Howrah-Ahmedabad Express trains will run in scheduled night hours from Thursday. From January 13, Howrah-Pune Azad Hind Express, Haridwar-Puri Utkal Express and Howrah-Mumbai Mail are listed for departure at scheduled night hours. On January 14 and January 15, Delhi-Bhubneswar Sampark Kranti Express and Sambleswari Express trains are also planned to depart at original scheduled hours.Howrah-Kurla Superfast train shall chug off in original scheduled hours from January 16. As part of security measures, CRPF personnel have been deployed at 10-odd important junctions on Kharagpur-Tata-Rourkela section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11468605", "title": "40 docs violated ICMR guideline: State Medical Council", "text": "INDORE: The Madhya Pradesh Medical Council (MPMC) admitted that 40 doctors from the city were guilty for violating the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) guidelines for conducting clinical trials on human participants.The MPMC found the doctors guilty after it received the report of the Chief Medical and Health Officer that found 78 doctors not following the prescribed norms of Nursing Home ActThe council has sought the opinion of the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) and recommended the state government to appoint a high power committee to decide action on the erring doctors.These facts came to light after government's reply to an RTI application by health activist Rajendra Gupta who sought details about action taken on the erring doctors.The state medical council has in its reply admitted that, \"Prima facie it seems that doctors have violated the ICMR guidelines\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "11468971", "title": "Gurkirat wants to go for car racing with Schumacher", "text": "CIVIL LINES: From wanting to meet Sachin Tendulkar to learning cricket skills, making an exclusive trip to Dubai for shopping, trying out all possible adventure sports , going car racing with Schumacher, travelling around the world and meeting Katrina Kaif , this teenager from Civil Lines wants to do it all before the world comes to an end.Busy planning his wishlist, Gurkirat Singh, 16, said, \"I want to fulfil all my wishes before I die so that I have no regrets in life.'' About his wishes, high up on her list features an exclusive shopping trip to Dubai. \"I have heard a lot about Dubai being one of the world's best shopping places. I wish to go there for shopping clothes for my family and myself,'' says Gurkirat, who studies in Class X of DAV BRS Nagar School.A die-hard cricket fan, he adds, \"Cricket is almost a religion in India and I am no exception to its following. Before the world ends, I would love to meet Sachin Tendulkar. I would also learn a few tricks of the sport from him.''Next on Gurkirat's wishlist is adventure. \"I am passionate about car racing and sky diving. I would love to accompany Michael Schumacher on one of his car races. I also wish to go to Chicago for sky diving,'' adds the teenager.His next wish is to meet actor Katrina Kaif. \"Katrina is a hugely talented actress and I am particularly impressed with the way she carries herself. I would love to ask her about her personal life and give her feedback about her movies,'' Gurkirat said. He adds, \"I especially liked her in her recent movie \"Zindagi Milegi Na Dobara'' as she looked awesome and performed her role in a very convincing manner.''Last but not the least, in the end Gurkirat wants to try different delicacies of the world. \"I am a foodie so I would love to taste all sorts of delicious cuisines around the world, especially Chinese, before I die.''\"My last wish is to go on a dream ride in a car to Nepal , North East India, Shimla and Kashmir with my friends Gurmohan Singh of Haibowal and Yuvraj of Model Town Extension,'' said Gurkirat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11467276", "title": "Tableau on Tagore at Republic Day function", "text": "PATNA: The tableaux to be displayed at the Republic Day function at Gandhi Maidan this year would include one on Kabiguru Rabindranath Tagore.The tableau on the theme, \"Rabindranath Tagore's 150th birth anniversary and his ties with Bihar\", would depict the major events of Tagore's stay in Bihar and his close ties with the state. \"The district administration has finalized the tableau's theme. However, its final look is yet to be approved,\" said Rakesh Kumar, assistant director, information and public relations department.On Republic Day, a group of girls dancing to the accompaniment of Rabindrasangeet would be followed by a truck carrying a life-size statue of Tagore. The tableau would include a replica of Santiniketan with students studying under a tree; standing at the senate and holding their degrees. Tagore's collection of poems, Gitanjali, would also be displayed.Tagore made his first visit to Patna along with his dance-drama troupe 'Chitrangada' in 1936. At that time, he also collected funds for Visva-Bharati University. He was felicitated at the Wheeler Senate Hall of Patna University on March 17, 1936.According to sources, at least 13 government departments have so far evinced interest in displaying their tableaux at the function at Gandhi Maidan. Of them, 10 have submitted their proposals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11468989", "title": "BJP youth wing slams CM", "text": "MARGAO: BJP's Yuva Morcha lashed out at chief minister and Margao MLA Digambar Kamat, saying he has failed to usher in any development in his constituency since he became its elected representative in 1994.The group announced its new committee on Thursday and its leaders took the chance to hit out at Kamat who was elected on a BJP ticket thrice -1994, 1999 and 2002. After quitting the BJP, he retained the seat twice -2005 bypoll and 2007.\"Kamat keeps praising the construction of Ravindra Bhavan, but not only is it in Fatorda, its foundation stone was laid when BJP was in power. It was also conceptualized by opposition leader Manohar Parrikar ,\" said Bhavesh Zambaulikar, president, BJP Yuva Morcha, South Goa.Abhishek Kakodar is the group's new general secretary. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11470013", "title": "Guard killing: Security tightened at Panem mine", "text": "RANCHI: Security has been beefed up around mines of Panem Coal Mines Ltd at Kathaldih on Thursday where suspected Maoists killed one security guard of the company on Tuesday.The rebels also set ablaze an earthmover and fired several rounds of bullets in the air before leaving the spot.This is the second time within a couple of months that the Naxalites have targeted people associated with Panem. In November last year, the rebels have killed Sister Valsa John at Amrapara. John was associated with the primary school and health centre supported by the company. Pakur SP Mayur Patel, who visited the spot, said the Maoists surrounded the mining site of the company and killed security guard Pramod Yadav. \"We reached the spot within a very short notice but the rebels had fled,\" said Patel adding that while leaving the spot they fired in air to spread panic.DIG (Dumka Range) V K Pandey said security cover around the mine area has been increased after the attack. An additional company of Indian Reserve Battalion (IRB) has been deployed in the area for combing operation. \"We have recovered many used cartridges of automatic weapons from the spot indicating that they had come prepared for the attack,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468376", "title": "Teach For India graduates add value to lives", "text": "MUMBAI: A break from a blue-chip job to teach kids who are not even counted as significant by the system, initially, sounded like an idea similar to losing one's balance. But looking back at the stint, every day was worth the while, everything suddenly worthwhile.Ask Sharad Gangal, executive vice-president of HR at Thermax, and he will tell how \"bullish\" he is about people who set aside two years of their life for the Teach For India (TFI) programme. Probably thats why, Thermax put Ravikiran Jasti through it, with his job and salary protected for two years while he was busy teaching children from the poorest section of the society section of children youth that India can build tomorrow on.\"A programme like this can only do good to you. It equips you with far better organizational skills and puts you ahead of your peers by nearly five to six years,\" said Gangal. \"You get to see reality from close quarters,\" he added.Graduated TFI fellows have gone back to their jobs, only to add value at their workplace, their definition of value only be expanded to entail more than what it takes to merely add value to accounting ledgers.Like Izabela Mergerle, vice-president, HR and administration, at Lanxess, an engineering firm, said, \"Our office does not look the same. It feels different.\" Jyoti Upadhyaya, a TFI fellow who works there, has put up donation boxes in the office, pushing everyone to do their bit. Upadhyaya worked at Infosys but quit the IT major to do her bit for the nation through TFI. Today she, who works in the HR department of Lanxess, does more than what is asked of her.\"She brings a human touch to most of our projectsShe does things differently ,\" added Mergerle. \"TFI students often visit our company's campus and the organization is planning to develop their own corporate social responsibility cell.\"Since 2006, TFI has been building a movement of leaders who will eliminate inequity in education such that a day will come when all children will attain excellent education. Today, Three years on, TFI has 370 fellows teaching 12,000 kids in 122 schools across India.\"In the long run, I see TFI building a powerful and ever-growing leadership force of alumni who , informed by their experiences and insights, will work from inside and outside the educational system to effect fundamental, long-term changes necessary to ultimately realize educational opportunity for all,\" said Shaheen Mistri, TFI CEO and the founder of the Akanksha Foundation.Echoing her thoughts is Pragya Agarwal, the CSR executive at Bharat Petroleum , has seen an \"attitudinal\" change in 25-year-old Charag Krishnan (25), who she hired after his stint at TFI. Says she, \"Besides giving an insight into the field of education, such tireless work with the poorest of the poorest of the poor impacts you as a person. It helps you.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11469493", "title": "These outcasts may cast a long shadow on civic polls", "text": "AMRAVATI: Once political heavyweights, they are now outcasts. However, these leaders, who are no longer with major political parties, have formed their own outfits and may play crucial role in the upcoming Amravati Municipal Corporation polls.After ex-Congressman and former state energy minister Sunil Deshmukh declared his Janvikas Congress Party, it was the turn of BJP-extern Jagdish Gupta to declare his party recently. Gupta and some other ex-BJP corporators formed the Jan Kalyan Aghadi.Deshmukh's Janvikas Congress Party and Gupta's Jan Kalyan Aghadi are set to show their prowess in the forthcoming polls.Suspension of Gupta from BJP and Deshmukh from Congress had come as big jolts to their supporters. Deshmukh after losing crucial Amravati assembly election to Congressman Rajendra Shekhawat had almost lived in isolation till he announced his new party. \"Overall development of city is the motto of my party,\" Deshmukh had said while launching his party.Gupta was active in BJP since 1982. He was a two-time MLA and worked as MLC for two terms too. But in 2011 he was suspended from BJP for anti-party activities during graduates constituency polls.Gupta said, \"Unfortunately due to some BJP candidates we are not in BJP today but many people have shown trust in me. Hence, keeping in light the development of city I have formed Jan Kalyan Aghadi. Around 10 corporators of BJP are with me.\"If a section of political pundits are to be believed, then chances are there Gupta and Deshmukh may forge an alliance. Speculations are rife that Gupta may strike a deal with MLA Bacchu Kadu or Dr Anil Bonde or even with his one-time political rival Deshmukh.In his party-launching press conference Gupta had hinted, \"I don't have any personal differences with Deshmukh and I do believe in positive politics.\"Deshmukh and Gupta, both of whom have worked as guardian ministers of Amravati, are veterans in politics and know what they want to do. And the prominent political parties, very much aware if what the duo can or cannot do, are reshaping their strategy to gain an upper hand in the civic elections.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "11470280", "title": "Mother, 2 children and lover commit suicide", "text": "SHIMOGA: Geetha, 3O, a widow along with her two children Rakshita,10, and Gagan,6, residents of Billa Sagar village in Hosanagr taluk, 80 km from here, allegedly committed suicide along with her lover Gopala, 45, by jumping into backwaters of Sharavathi on Wednesday. Gopala belongs to Kargadi village.Geetha allegedly had an affair with Gopala after her husband's death. The villagers, who came to know of their affair, censured the two. Police said that this may be a reason for them to take this extreme step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11467313", "title": "Age of knowledge, not weapons: CM", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar on Thursday said that this is an age of knowledge, not of weapons.Addressing a massive gathering after inaugurating a road overbridge (ROB) at Ander Dhala on the second day of his three-day Seva Yatra of Siwan district, he said gone are the days when people used to season lathis in oil; time has come to fill one's pen with ink. He said the youngsters of the state are very meritorious and score high in every competitive examination. Nitish said that the state government is planning to convert some of the educational institutions into centres of excellence. He said that Cycle Yojana and Poshak Yojana for school students have brought a revolution in the education sector.Nitish said Siwan has changed a lot and so has the state. He described the people of Siwan as hardworking. The CM said the state government has initiated several steps and now very few people are migrating to other states for livelihood. \"Now they are going to other states to further improve their condition,\" he said and added agriculture in Punjab had been adversely affected as now few Bihari labourers were going there for job.Nitish said the law and order in the state has improved and now it is time to put a check on corruption. Two schools have been opened in the houses of two corrupt officers in Patna. He described Mumbai as an economic capital and said the Constitution allows the people of the country to work in any part of the country.Earlier, Nitish held a 'janata darbar' at Rajendra Stadium where he received 5,000-odd applications during four hours. The issues raised before the CM related to welfare, Aaganwadi, education, employment and roads. Later, the CM left for Angauta, the native village of education minister P K Sahi, for lunch.On the first day of his yatra on Wednesday, Nitish visited Laheji village and met a progressive farmer, Hamid Khan, and other villagers. Khan apprised the CM of his organic and medicinal plant cultivation in six acres of land. Nitish lauded Khan and informed him about the state agriculture cabinet and agriculture road map.On Wednesday evening, the CM visited Hasanpura and offered 'chadar' to Hazrat Saiyad Hasan Rahmatullah. He was greeted by the villagers, who had assembled in large numbers on road and their rooftops. Nitish also visted Baba Mahendra Nath Dham premises at Siswan. He laid the stone of development and beautification of the temple premises at an estimated cost of Rs 97 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11472337", "title": "Abbas-Mustan end fight with Players' producers", "text": "Fallouts and patch-ups have become synonymous with the industry. But what transpired between the filmmakers of Players - director duo Abbas-Mustan and the film's producers Viacom 18 - is rather unprecedented even by Bollywood standards.The tiff and subsequent reconciliation between the two parties has happened within a few days. When the film failed to garner the reception the filmmakers would have liked, they reportedly began playing the blame game. While the producers claimed that Abbas-Mustan made changes to the script without their consent and thereby added to the budget of the film, the directors denied any such deviation.However, Mumbai Mirror has learnt that ever since the collections of Players have been tabulated, the figures have helped to bond the warring filmmakers.A source close to the film revealed that Players did in fact go over budget, but it has managed to recover most of the costs incurred. The source explained, \"The film was made on a budget of Rs 70 crore, which includes prints and publicity. The theatrical rights were sold for Rs 35 crore to Ponty Chadha. T-Series bought the music of the film for Rs 3.5 crore.The overseas territory was sold for Rs 4 crore. The digital terrestrial rights, including home video and Doordarshan, went for Rs 2 crore. The satellite rights were sold to Zee TV for approximately Rs 17 crore. After doing the math, Viacom 18 realised that the film had already recovered a major sum of the money spent. The total loss amounted to Rs 8 crore. That's when the producers sat down with Abbas-Mustan and sorted out their differences.\"Prior to this, the source informed us that the film's producers and directors were at odds about the introductory scene. Even though the first cut was out already, Abbas-Mustan had reportedly changed the start of the film without informing the producers about it. The source revealed, \"When the film was screened for the unit, it opened with a cameo by Aftab Shivadasni. However, the version that reached the silver-screen featured Abhishek Bachchan and Bipasha Basu instead. Even the music of the film caused tension between them.\"However, now Abbas-Mustan and Viacom 18 have reportedly decided to work together again. Abbas-Mustan and Vikram Malhotra of Viacom 18 remained unavailable for comment.- With inputs from Subhash K Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11470339", "title": "Something in the air here", "text": "It's the time of the year when people with respiratory problems queue up outside clinics thanks to higher levels of particulate matter and toxic gases in the air. Tamil Nadu pollution control board (TNPCB) officials say they have a tough task ahead - to prevent and monitor burning of tyres and plastic on Bhogi Saturday.This year, their job is doubly difficult as there are five more wards to monitor following the expansion of the city last year. The pollution control board has 15 corporation zones to cover - from Sholinganallur to Manali.Last year, air pollution on Bhogi day was monitored at nine locations. Traditionally, families discard old possessions on Bhogi which precedes Pongal. But burning of old tyres and plastic vessels has led to low visibility and high pollution.The permissible limit for nitrogen oxide and sulphur dioxide in the air is 80ppm (parts per million). Respirable suspended particulate matter (RSPM) should not exceed 100 micro gram per cubic metre while total suspended particulate matter (TSPM) should be below 200 micro gram per cubic metre. On Bhogi day, the levels go up mainfold.Asthma expert Dr R Sridharan says his regular patients have been adequately warned about the problems to expect during this season. \"But there will be many new patients who begin wheezing during this time of the year. Some of them get well after medication but for many it will become a chronic infection,\" he said.Several general physicians have prescribed flu shots for their patients as influenza can lead to obstruction of the airway, thereby causing respiratory problems. \"The weather is changing. Flu shots can help reduce respiratory diseases,\" Sridharan said.TNPCB deputy director P V Marimuthu says the board has taken measures to cover the extended city. \"We are also conducting awareness programmes and campaigns to discourage the public from burning tyres and plastic products. We have identified 15 major locations including those in newly-added areas for pollution monitoring,\" he said.Tiruvottiyur, Ambattur and Perungudi are among the new areas to be monitored. TNPCB plans to organize street plays prior to Bhogi to spread awareness about pollution prevention. \"Over the years, our awareness campaigns have proved effective as fewer people have been found burning tyres during Bhogi,\" Marimuthu said.The board has five ambient air quality centres in the city - in Anna Nagar, Adyar, Kilpauk, T Nagar and Vallalar Nagar. During festivals, the board deploys mobile units for air quality sampling. This year, our task is to monitor areas in the suburbs too. Pollution levels during Bhogi are generally high in Ambattur, Manali, Perambur, Pallavaram and Tambaram,\" said Marimuthu.TNPCB has been monitoring air quality on Bhogi days since 2001.BREATHING IN POLLUTANTSThe day preceding Pongal is known as Bhogi. On this day, people gather at dawn, light a bonfire and discard old articles. But increasing instances of burning tyres and plastic materials have led to accumulation of carbon monoxide and suspended particulate matter in the air Burning of tyres and plastic leads to emission of carbon monoxide, sulphur dioxide, particulate matter and oxides of nitrogen, dioxins and toxic fumes Carbon monoxide reduces oxygencarrying capacity of blood cells. Sulphur dioxide and oxides of nitrogen can cause respiratory problems, dizziness, metabolic disorders and cancer Suspended particulate matter results in smog under humid conditions. This can cause road accidents and disrupt air traffic due to poor visibility.TIMES VIEWRinging out the old and ringing in the new are part of civilizations, old and young. Bhogi, when people discard old things, is such a ritual. Burning one's mattress, footwear or old clothes in the open would have been OK till there was open space and these articles were mostly made of natural materials. Urbanisation has shrunk our personal space and brought along with it synthetic household articles which, when burned, add to the already dangerous levels of pollution. There is precious little the pollution control board can do when people burn rubber and plastic in the name of tradition. If you have to throw out something this bhogi, let it be the polluting habit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11468918", "title": "Pipili gangrape: BJP ups ante against Maharathy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Stepping up the ante against agriculture minister Pradip Maharathy, in eye of storm for allegedly shielding the accused in the Pipili gangrape case, the Opposition BJP and social organizations hit the streets here on Thursday demanding action against the errant cops and politicians.\"Maharathy is protecting the rapists. We suspect his role in the entire case. He should be brought to book,\" BJP woman activist Archana Nayak told mediapersons. Scotching the allegations, Maharathy reiterated: \"I was unnecessarily dragged into the case. Police should investigate properly and take action against the accused, no matter how big he is.\"Earlier on Wednesday, a woman Congress activist Sandhya Mohapatra pointed fingers at Maharathy and said the police was dancing to his tunes. \"The chief minister has asked the home department to submit the report on Pipili incident,\" chief secretary Bijay Patnaik said on Thursday.The activists of Adimabasi Surakhya Parishad took out a rally here on Thursday demanding action against police for not paying heed to the alleged rape victim's grievance earlier. Social activist Rutuparna Mohanty of Ma Ghar convened a media conference and demanded adequate compensation for the victim's family. \"The errant cops should face the music,\" Mohanty said. The students of Utkal University had on Wednesday resorted to sit-in on the campus alleging police highhandedness and inaction.Puri SP Amitendranath Sinha on Thursday submitted the action taken report to Orissa Human Rights Commission (OHRC), even though the case was handed over to the crime branch of Odisha police on Tuesday. The commission had on January 9 asked the Puri SP and Pipili inspector to submit action taken reports within three days. The Pipili inspector, Amulya Champatiray, was shunted from the police station on Wednesday evening.\"We received the reports from the two officers. They simply mentioned a case was registered and investigation was on when the crime branch took up the case,\" OHRC registrar C R Mohapatra said. The girl, who was allegedly gangraped by four persons on November 28, was shifted from the Capital Hospital to SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack following a High Court directive.\"The OHRC has also directed the Bhadrak SP to submit a report within seven days into the alleged rape and murder of a college student in the district recently,\" Mohapatra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468352", "title": "Printer scripts textbook scam", "text": "HYDERABAD: A printing scam, evidence of which has been gathering dust in government godowns for the last three months, has recently come to light. Entrusted with the task of printing textbooks that are distributed free among poor school children, a Vijaywada-based printer replaced 400 tonnes of good quality paper worth Rs 1.75 crore, which had been supplied by the government, with a cheaper variety. Moreover, since it could only deliver the books in October, missing thus the June deadline, the intended recipients never received the books which ended up in government godowns.An investigation was ordered into the irregularity and, a week ago, a report was submitted by the technical department of the AP Government Text Book Press, Mint compound to its director. The report nails the printer for misusing the paper. The tainted printer is one among the 185 chosen from across the country by the government text book press for printing school texts for Class 1 to Class X for academic year 2011-12. The printer received the order last year in February with the condition that the consignment has to be delivered by the end of June. The paper needed for printing, which is of superior 70 gsm quality, was provided to the printers by the government. But instead of printing the text books on that paper, the printer used cheaper, recycled paper which does not carry the government watermark.Those in the printing business say this is not an isolated incident as cases like this have become fairly regular. They accuse authorities concerned of turning a blind eye to the problem.Confirming the case, S Sudhakar, director, government text book press, said that he had received the report and stringent action would very soon be taken against the printer.Reacting to the issue, The AP web offset printers' association said that incidents such as these should be dealt with firmly and called upon the government to blacklist the printer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468964", "title": "Builder told to pay Rs 50k for giving smaller flat", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Suburban District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum last week ordered a builder to pay Rs 50,000 to a resident of Jogeshwari (E) for giving her a smaller flat than promised after redevelopment.Devyani Yadav was a member of Pratap Cooperative Housing Society Ltd in Santa Cruz (E). In 2007, the society was being redeveloped by Govind Bajaj Builders and Yadav was promised a flat measuring 464 sq ft on the first floor. According to the agreement, the area of the flat was supposed to be 360 sq ft, with an additional 100 sq ft for elevation features. Once she got possession, she found the flat measured only around 300 sq ft. Yadav said that a notice was sent to the builder and the society, but she did not get a reply. Alleging deficiency of service, she filed a complaint on January 30, 2010.The forum sent notices to the builder and the housing society, but they did not file their replies. The forum then passed the order ex parte.The forum observed that since both the builder and the society were not present to file their replies, the contentions made by Yadav stood undisputed. The forum said the documents proved that there was deficiency in the size of the flat provided. The forum held that both were responsible to compensate Yadav for the lesser space.According to the rates prevailing in 2007, Yadav would be compensated a total of Rs 70,000. However, the forum added that since the flat was jointly held by one Gauri Shankar Yadav, who had not been made the other complainant in the case nor was Yadav given the authority to file the complaint on his behalf, she was only entitled to Rs 35,000. The forum also ordered that Yadav be given an additional Rs 15,000 for the mental agony she endured and costs of the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11470256", "title": "Decision on poll code \u2018violation\u2019 next week", "text": "PUNE: A decision on the alleged code of conduct violation by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar will be taken next week, state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan said on Thursday.\"Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak has sent me a report on email on Wednesday night. I could not read it as I left early. I received a hard copy when I was at a review meeting for election preparations,\" Satyanarayan told reporters on Thursday.She said she would study the report. \"I have also received a reply from the deputy chief minister. I will study that too before I decide. I will be in Mumbai on Monday,\" she said. Satyanarayan said she would first check \"if the violation had taken place\" before commenting on the quantum of punishment.The code of conduct came into effect on January 3. Pawar performed a bhoomipuja for a flyover near College of Engineering Pune after the announcement. The city unit of the Shiv Sena called this inauguration a violation of the code of conduct and lodged a complaint with the municipal commissioner demanding action against Pawar.The state election commission on January 5 asked Pathak to submit a report. Explanations were sought from the PMC officials, mayor and organizers of the programme NCP corporator Anil Bhosale.Satyanarayan said that she has also asked the election officers to look into another alleged code of conduct violation by MNS chief Raj Thackeray in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468214", "title": "Check child labour: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi high court has directed the state government to carry out surprise checks on trial court premises to check child labour. HC said the labour department should inspect various court premises without informing the bar associations concerned to find out how many children are engaged as helps in tea stalls, eateries etc.A bench of acting chief justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw gave the direction to the government's labour commissioner and the joint labour commissioner, who appeared before it in response to court summons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11468683", "title": "Last chance to get added in voters' list", "text": "NOIDA: If your name is still missing from the voters' list but you wish to cast your ballot in the coming assembly elections, here is your chance. The Gautam Budh Nagar administration has announced a final call for making voter identity cards for its three constituencies of Noida, Jewar and Dadri.A few days after the administration displayed the voter list online on January 1, a special drive to add new voters to the electoral list before the assembly polls has been launched. In an attempt to increase the percentage of voters, the drive is likely to continue till February 8, which is also the last day for acceptance of nominations from political candidates. \"This is a last chance for residents unable to make their voter IDs have their names added to the final electoral list,\" said Hirdesh Kumar, district magistrate.\"Only new voter IDs will be made. No further updating will be undertaken during this drive,\" Kumar said. \"The list of all these voters who will be added in the last 25 days before the polls will be displayed as an annexure to the voter list already finalized and displayed on January 1,\" Kumar added.The DM has also released a toll-free voter helpline (1800-180-1950). \"Senior district officials will also be available for assistance and can be contacted at voter registration centres at Noida, Dadri and Jewar,\" the DM said.The voter ID drive is likely to continue till February 8, which is also the last date for candidates to file their nominations", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11469715", "title": "BPL health scheme to be extended to more unorganized workers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday reviewed the implementation of Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY), the scheme launched five years ago to ensure health insurance for families living below the poverty line, saying that it will be extended to several segments of unorganized workers.After a meeting of the Union Cabinet, the government said that the scheme has already been extended to some segments of unorganized workers like MNREGA beneficiaries, street vendors, domestic helps, beedi workers and those working in building and construction sites.The scheme, which is said to have been appreciated by the International Labour Organization (ILO) and the World Bank , was launched on October 1, 2007, as health insurance scheme for families living below the poverty line. Under the scheme, beneficiaries are entitled to smart card-based cashless health insurance cover of Rs 30,000 per family per annum on a family floater basis.The Central government contributes 75% of the annual premium of the scheme while states' share is 25%. In case of north-east region and Jammu and Kashmir, the Centre's share in the premium contribution goes up to 90% and the state has to provide a mere 10% of the total premium.The beneficiary family has to pay only Rs 30 per annum per family as registration and renewal fee. Administrative cost is borne by state governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11468993", "title": "HC upholds appointment of Letika Saran as DGP", "text": "CHENNAI: Holding that a state government has the right to choose a director-general of police from among the three names shortlisted by the Union Public Service Commission, the Madras high court has held there is no illegality in the appointment of Letika Saran as DGP by the previous DMK regime.A division bench ofJustice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, allowing the writ petition of Letika Saran, said: \"Being a post requiring high level of confidentiality and capacity to meet new challenges everyday, the state government is definitely having its own choice of selecting an individual from the panel of personnel prepared by the UPSC.\"It all started with the selection of Letika Saran as DGP of Tamil Nadu on January 8, 2010. R Nataraj, who is senior to Letika Saran, challenged the selection in the Central Administrative Tribunal, stating that the government failed to follow the Supreme Court guidelines to appoint a DGP. After the Tribunal dismissed the application, he approached the high court and a division bench asked the government to forward the list of all DGP-cadre officers to the UPSC which would shortlist three names and send the list to the state government. A name from the three-member list could be appointed as DGP, it said.Accordingly the statement government forwarded the full list to the UPSC, which shortlisted R Nataraj, K Vijaykumar and Letika Saran, in that order, and returned to the state government. Letika Saran was appointed again on November 27, 2010. Nataraj again challenged the appointment, and the Tribunal quashed her appointment. The present writ petition was filed by Letika Saran against the Tribunal order.Allowing her plea, the present division bench rejected Nataraj's claim that the state government had no power to appoint a person of its choice from the short-listed candidates. \"There cannot be any obligation on the state government to appoint only the person at first or second position in the (UPSC) panel, since it is for the state government take into consideration various aspects before appointing the DGP. But one thing is clear that the state government can have a choice only from among the officers empanelled by the UPSC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469515", "title": "Doctor penalized for doing sex determination tests", "text": "NAGPUR: Dr Sadanand Ingle from Khamgaon became the first doctor from Vidarbha to be punished under the Pre-Conception Pre-Natal Diagnostic Test (PCPNDT) Act. The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has cancelled his registration, so he cannot practice medicine in the state any longer.Action was taken against the gynaecologist after he came under the scanner in the last week of December. A case against him has also been registered at a local court.The shockingly low female sex ratio of the state in the 2011 census and the subsequent discovery of three female foetuses in a drain in Beed district forced the government to crack down on offenders. As a result many sonography centres and nursing homes indulging in malpractices of sex determination were sealed.\"We have sent as many as 21 complaints to various courts of the state so far. After these courts press charges against erring practitioners, the Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) can take the matter in their hands,\" informed Dr SC Gupta, additional director of state family welfare department, Pune.State president of the Indian Medical Association (IMA) Dr Milind Naik said, \"We have already cancelled registration of five doctors after the courts sent us verification of their charges. Those doctors were from Kolhapur, Beed and Pune. Dr Ingle is the first one from Vidarbha whose centre has been sealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11469993", "title": "Bid to make paddy drive a success in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The farmers of Hazaribag district are in a position to sell about 50,000 tonnes of paddy to 24 Primary Agriculture Credit Societies (PACS), which were designated as paddy procurement centres. However, only 17,000 quintals were sold against the government target of 17,000 tonnes of paddy, according to reports received here from various parts of the district.Reports coming in from various PACS suggest they are unable to purchase paddy as they have no space to store them. Though deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan took an initiative to make paddy procurement easy by publicizing it in remote areas of the district, the target could not be achieved because of lack of initiative on the part of officials.According to details available, over 1000 farmers of the district have sold their paddy at PACS and are happy with the remunerative prices from the government despite interference of middlemen.District cooperative officer R S Pandey has issued a press statement here on Thursday urging farmers not to be influenced by middlemen.He said, \"I have written to the higher authorities to take immediate steps in this regard and issue proper guidelines for making paddy procurement drive a success.\"He said many farmers have met him and informed him that they are satisfied with the supportive and higher prices as remuneration given to them. They have received Rs 1,180 per quintal for 'A' grade paddy and Rs 1080 per quintal for 'B' grade paddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11470075", "title": "Allies call truce on Indira Bhavan", "text": "KOLKATA: The Congress on Thursday toned down its stand on the Indira Bhavan renaming controversy in an effort to bury the hatchet with Trinamool Congress . The Congress, however, remained ambiguous on whether it will agree to a Nazrul Academy within the Indira Bhavan precincts.The row , which began as a slanging match between the allies on whether the building should be named Nazrul Bhavan, has now boiled down to whether it should house an Indira Gandhi Research and Information Centre or one on Kazi Nazrul Islam.Congress general secretary incharge of Bengal Shakeel Ahmed did the climb-down on Thursday, sending out signals that the party high command does not want the state leaders to take the wrangling match to a flashpoint.\"The chief minister has issued a statement that she did not order a name change. Whether it will hold a research centre on our late leader Indira Gandhi or Kazi Nazrul Islam is something which the state leadership of both parties should sit across and decide. They should refrain from issuing any harsh statements towards each other,\" Ahmed said.Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya has been asked to reach New Delhi on January 16 to apprise the Congress leadership on the issue. Trinamool national general secretary Mukul Roy said the party would make no further comments on the issue. \"We have nothing to add,\" Roy said.Bhattacharya had written to Mamata on December 31 to reconsider the decision to rename Indira Bhavan. \"We will not accept such a renaming,\" he wrote. State minister and former Congress state president Manas Bhunia also had a word with the chief minister. Manas said, \"The chief minister told me there is no question of removing the Indira Bhavan plaque. I had communicated the same to my party leadership.\" The Congress then demanded that the chief minister announce this publicly.On January 3, Mamata told reporters, \"I have never said anything on renaming Indira Bhavan. This was grossly misinterpreted. I want a research centre dedicated to Kazi Nazrul. If there can be a university on Rabindranath Tagore in Dhaka then why can't we have one on Nazrul in Kolkata.\"Kazi Nazrul's family is also receptive to the idea of Indira Bhawan being a research centre on the poet. Nazrul's younger daughter-in-law Kalyani Kazi said: \"This would be nice. I have known Indira Gandhi. I admire her like I admire Mamata Banerjee. Our only interest is to see the formation of an academy which will carry forward Nazrul's legacy to the younger generation.\"The question is whether the state Congress will agree to it after demanding earlier that the Nazrul Academy be set up in his birthplace, Burdwan's Churulia.Mamata has already decided that she will not accommodate Congress further on this. On Tuesday, she made an oblique reference to it, saying: \"There are so many roads, institutions and projects that were named after their (Congress) leaders. There should be some left for other great people who took part in the freedom movement and worked for development,\" she said, pointing out that Kazi Nazrul Islam was not a leader of any single community.\"He was a national leader who left his mark on the freedom movement through his writings. An Indo-Bangla joint research academy on Nazrul will help us carry forward studies on the great poet and strengthen bilateral ties with Bangladesh .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11469925", "title": "60 Bangalore students sick after midday meal", "text": "BANGALORE: Over 60 girls of Mathikere High School run by the BBMP were hospitalized on Thursday afternoon when they fell sick after their midday meal served by Akshaya Patra. Except for three girls, all were discharged by 7pm.The students of Class 8, 9 and 10 and two from 1st PUC were rushed to K C General Hospital in Malleswaram around 12.30pm. They started vomiting and complained of nausea and stomach pain after they ate rice and majjigehuli (a curd preparation).Doctors administered medicines and some students were put on a glucose drip. \"Many students were fine after being given oral medication and will be discharged after further examination ,\" doctors said.\"I rushed to the hospital after being informed by my daughter's friend. I pray my daughter is fine,\" said Manjushree , a mother, who didn't wish to name her daughter.Chandrakant K, assistant teacher at the school, said: \"Students were taken to hospital when they complained of nausea. They were served meals as usual. It's the first time this has happened here.\"StudentspeakI started vomiting some time after eating food served to us. Then I saw other girls of my class running to the toilet to vomit. Our teachers contacted the hospital and we were rushed here.Navya P | Class 10Some of my friends who didn't eat the food served in school were fine. All those who ate the food given had some problem or the other. I am better after taking the medicine but feel weak.Tabassum Sultana | Class 10Akshaya Patra's takeSridhar Venkat, executive director, Akshaya Patra, rushed to the hospital after he was informed about the incident. He told TOI: '' For the past 12 years, we have been serving food in many schools across the city. About 85,000 students in different schools were served the same food today, but only this school has complained about it. We've asked for samples of the food served and have sent them for examination. We will investigate the matter after we get the lab report and take necessary steps.\"Mild infectionThis is a case of mild to moderate infection and no patient is seriously ill. We'll keep the children under observation for 6-12 hours and discharge them if they are fine. If any of them develops complications, we will give them further treatment. As of now, they're all fine.Dr R Mallikarjunaiah | Paediatrician surgeon, OPD in-charge , KC general hospital", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11468786", "title": "266 candidates file papers for Manipur polls", "text": "IMPHAL: At least 266 candidates belonging to different political parties have filed their nomination papers for the ensuing crucial tenth Manipur state assembly polls slated for January 28 .On Wednesday, the last date of filing nomination papers, the ruling Congress put its nominees in all the sixty constituencies of the state even as scrutiny of the papers were conducted at the district and sub-divisional headquarters on Thursday.Almost all the papers were found valid till the time of filing this report, official sources said adding that central para military forces have also begun stationing at several district headquarters for poll duty.People's Democratic Front (PDF), the grand pre-poll alliance of five parties- Manipur People's Party (MPP), NCP, RJD, JD (U) and CPI (M) also fielded its candidates in all 60 constituencies.BJP, which is sharing seats with the MPP, fielded 19 candidates, Trinamool Congress has put up 48 nominees, CPI (23 ), Manipur State Congress Party (MSCP) (33) and Naga People's Front (NPF) ( 12) .Chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh is contesting from Thoubal constituency, while opposition leader Radha Binod Koijam, who is also the president of state unit NCP, is fighting in Thangmeiband constituency in Imphal West.Kshetrigao constituency in Imphal East has the highest number of candidates in the fray with 9 candidates filing the papers.Meanwhile, the Zeliangrong Youth Front (ZYF) has appealed to all Zeliangrong community living in around 30 constituencies of the state not to misuse their right to vote but to exercise it judiciously for bringing about peace, progress and development in Zeliangrong areas in the coming polls.Clarifying that ZYF is not a political organizations nor does it have any affiliation to any political parties, the front, nevertheless, stated that Zeliangrong people should realize that they are the deciding factor in many constituencies in the valley districts as well as hill districts apart from Tamenglong district.In the meantime, the underground Kuki National Liberation Front (KNLF) has put a ban on the Congress in tribal -dominated Churachandpur and Chandel districts in the ensuing polls. Stating that Congress and its workers are against the 'liberation movement of Manipur' the Kuki outfit in a statement appealed the public not to cooperate with Congress.Congress has already been banned and attacked with bombs by the coordinating committee of seven valley based rebel outfits known as 'CorCom'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11468948", "title": "Bardez deputy collector submits report to EC", "text": "MAPUSA: Bardez deputy collector Jayant Tari has submitted his report to the Election Commission (EC) on the alleged violation of the code of conduct by Aldona MLA Dayanand Narvekar.The EC on Tuesday had sent a notice to the deputy collector asking him to inquire and report on alleged violation of the code of conduct, by the distribution of kits and money to some 130 registered cricket clubs, by GCA president Dayanand Narvekar, who is also the sitting Aldona MLA and is a ticket-aspirant for the coming Goa assembly elections.\"I have sent the 'preliminary status report' to the Election Commission on the alleged violation of model code of conduct,\" Jayant Tari informed TOI.The EC took cognisance of the GCA kit distribution issue and sent notices after a complaint was filed by former GCA executive committee member Shekhar Salkar alleging that the GCA had distributed kits last week and even though Narvekar himself was not present at the function such an act amounts to luring of voters when the code of conduct is in force.When asked if the report indicts Narvekar on the code violation, Tari said, \"It was just a preliminary inquiry, investigations are in progress, the Election Commission will take the further call.\"Despite repeated attempts by ToI joint chief electoral officer Narayan Navti did not respond to calls for the further clarifications.Shekhar Salkar, has threatened to approach the Central Election Commission and even the court of law if justice was not delivered.\"It should not be a mere eye wash, let the Election Commission do some serious inquiry. Let the EC not allow him (Narvekar) to contest the elections, it should be a lesson for those politicians who are involved in such acts,\" Salkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11474443", "title": "Newly-weds miss flight,consumer court holds cab service guilty", "text": "THANE: A Consumer Forum here has asked a cab service provider to pay over Rs 22,000 as compensation to a couple who missed their honeymoon flight as their luggage could not be retrieved from the car's locked boot in time.The order against Meru Cab Ltd was passed by bench of M G Rahatgaonkar and Jyoti Iyer on a complaint filed by Amit Vartak, a Thane resident.On October 28, 2009, Vartak and his newly-wed wife had hired a Meru cab for taking them to Mumbai Airport from where they were to board a flight for Kochi. The couple had planned a honeymoon in Kerala.The cab took them to the airport in time, but on reaching there, the driver could not open the boot in which luggage was kept, as the lock had jammed.According to Vartaks, the maintenance department of Meru did not respond to calls. When eventually a company mechanic succeeded in opening the boot, their flight had left and they had to book themselves on another Kerala-bound flight, coughing up around Rs 11,000.On return, Vartaks sent a notice to Meru seeking compensation, and as the company did not respond, they moved the Consumer Forum seeking to recover cost of the airfare plus Rs 50,000 for the stress and mental agony that the episode had caused.In the order, the Forum said that lack of a tool kit in the cab (which is mandatory for every vehicle on the road) and calls to Meru's maintenance department going unanswered was a clear-cut instance of deficiency in service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468452", "title": "Epilepsy patients to cheer runners on", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 300 people, including epilepsy patients and their relatives, will cheer participants of the Mumbai Marathon, besides creating awareness about the disorder.Dr J Nathan, neurologist and chief coordinator for Purple Day Asia, said, \"Purple caps will be distributed free to volunteers. Special banners, posters and authentic information on epilepsy will be displayed.\"Purple Day is a grassroots effort dedicated to increasing awareness about epilepsy worldwide. The colour purple signifies isolation, which the patients are usually subjected to by way of discrimination.Dr Nathan said, \"We planned to participate in the marathon but the Rs 500 per participant fee was unaffordable for many. Instead, we have decided to mark our presence as volunteers who will spread word about the treatment of epilepsy and myths associated with it.\"He said, \"Around 70% patients with epilepsy can be controlled an even cured by specific but adequate allopathic medications. People with epilepsy can go to school, college or work. Patients can even marry and have normal children.\"Dr Nathan, pioneer of the ketogenic diet in India, said, \"Irregular use of medication and lack of proper sleep are two of the most important causes of uncontrolled epilepsy. Despite perfect and regular treatment, 30% persons with epilepsy may not achieve full control, and for them a special diet or brain surgery may help.\" The special high-fat, low-carbohydrate diet helps control seizures in some people with epilepsy.Dr Nathan's team has Indianized the diet and has published a manual which includes 100 recipes to suit all regions of India. He has made the diet simpler and easier by eliminating the fasting period, hospitalization and by reducing the fat content required to make the diet more palatable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11472558", "title": "Double Dhamaal in Abhishek Mukherjee's film", "text": "Abhishek Mukherjee, who is making his directorial debut with \"Ardhangini\", has pulled off a casting surprise of sorts - roping in Rati Agnihotri and Mahesh Manjrekar for the film.The director had earlier done a 20-minute short film titled \"Us Atank Ka Natija\" with Paran Bandopadhyay and Supriya Devi.A love story penned by Abhishek himself, the film also has Kanchana Moitra, Pulokita Ghosh, Angshuman and Meghna Halder. Says the director, \"This will be Maheshji's first Bengali outing as an actor. It feels great to have on board actors like him and Ratiji. While I consider Maheshji to be one of the best actors in the country, Ratiji is elegance, beauty and grace personified. The different shades in the two characters could only have been portrayed by them. Also Maheshji's character becomes paralytic and repentant towards the end. I could only think of him for this part. I've shot the first leg earlier. My second leg will have Maheshji shooting in Kolkata from January 23 and Ratiji from January 24.\"Giving a peek into the storyline Abhishek explains that the film starts with Dr Jyoti and Abir returning to the city and the latter narrating the story of his life to the psychiatrist. On the other hand, there are Sini and Mini, two sisters also returning. \"My story is set in the late 90s. Childhood buddies Abir and Sini realize over their growing years that they cannot do without the other. But Sini's dad, Udayan Sen, has other plans. A zamindar, he eventually promises her hand in marriage to an NRI friend of his. Sini now confesses about her love. Her father now tells her that he will arrange for a job for Abir in Siliguri.\"But there is a twist which results in Sini ending up marrying the guy of her father's choice. What happens to Abir, how he ends up in a rehab, where he meets Dr Jyoti and what happens next are what the plot unravels.While Mahesh is Udayan, Rati will play his wife, Sabitri. \"Kanchana is Jyoti, Angshuman essays Abir, Meghna is Sini and Pulokita is Abir's sister.When CT got in touch with Rati about why she gave her nod to the project, she texted back saying that the film is a \"strong portrayal of the social relevance of today's times\".Ask the director whether diction will be a problem for the two Bolly imports and he reasons, \"Ratiji asks for the script before hand so that she can prepare well in advance, while Maheshji has asked me to clarify the pronunciations following which he will have the script in Hindi and then go for the part.\"Talking of parts, Kanchana too is excited to share screen space with Mahesh. \"I am jittery to act beside an actor of his repute. I will ask Abhishek to introduce me to Maheshji so that we can discuss the scene and thus, break the ice. As for my part, I could identify with it well and, hence, went for it.\"So far, the film has three songs composed by Choton Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11469968", "title": "Fasten seat belt or pay 100 fine", "text": "BANGALORE: Before you rev up the car engine into life, make sure you wear the seat belt, or cough up a fine of Rs 100.Beginning February, the Bangalore Traffic Police will strictly enforce a law that was in cold storage for long. Additional commissioner of police (Traffic) MA Saleem told TOI: \"January will be a month of campaign to tell drivers and front-seat passengers to wear seat belts. From February, those violating the law will be fined Rs 100.\"The decision on enforcing seat-belt law was made after the police increased the speed limit from 50kmph to 60kmph. Seat belts are a must in metros like Delhi, Mumbai , Kolkata and Chennai.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic-east ) B A Muththanna said wearing seat belts helps reduce head injuries during accidents. \"The Indian Motor Vehicles Act makes wearing of seat belt mandatory and we are enforcing just that,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11469875", "title": "Mush-Benazir deal comes to haunt president", "text": "Former president Pervez Musharraf had issued the National Reconciliation Ordinance (NRO) as part of a power sharing deal with former PM Benazir Bhutto in 2007.The US-backed deal saw Musharraf relent on allowing Benazir and another former PM, Nawaz Sharif, return to Pakistan. Benazir was shortly assassinated in a bomb and gun attack in December 2007.Her widower Asif Ali Zardari took over her party and was later elected as the president . The ruling PPP was the main beneficiary of the NRO that extended immunity to politicians and bureaucrats in graft cases.The SC threw out the ordinance as illegal in 2009 and has repeatedly asked the government to open graft cases against Zardari. It called PM Yousaf Raza Gilani \"dishonest'' last week and warned him of disqualification if he did not open graft cases against the president.The government has been dragging its feet on the issue arguing that the president enjoys immunity as the head of the state. The PPP has also made it an emotional issue, saying it tantamount to trying \"Benazir's grave''.The SC has also maintained that the government has to go through a judicial process to claim immunity. It has also invalidated most of Musharraf 's decisions and sought his trial for violating the constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473696", "title": "Tapsee Pannu loves her curls", "text": "The actor quips that she should have a 'no-straightening hair' contract.Tapsee Pannu, who is making her Bollywood debut in Chashme Buddhoor, a David Dhawan film, loves her curly hair so much that she at times thinks about planning to sign a contract saying that she would not be asked to straighten her hair. \"I did have to go for straight hair in my Bollywood debut but at times, I think I should sign a contract with a no-straightening hair mention. I love my curls so much and am proud about them.\"The actor is now going for a deglam look in her upcoming Telugu films. \"While in one film, I play a Bharathanatyam dancer, I play a rustic character in the other one. I am experimenting a lot now. But as far as my Tamil films are concerned, I am yet to sign a good one as I have to live up to audience expectations after my award-winning film Aadukalam. Her Bollywood debut also stars Siddharth and Ali Zafar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11468874", "title": "Raids yield 173kg ganja, 8 arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: Narcotics intelligence bureau sleuths conducted three surprise checks in Chennai and Madurai and seized 173kg of ganja. Eight people were arrested. They also impounded a car and an autorickshaw, and launched a hunt for three more accused. The accused had procured the contraband from villages on the borders of Andhra Pradesh and Orissa.Acting on a tip-off, sleuths laid a trap and arrested three people near Wall Tax Road in Elephant Gate. Police intercepted an autorickshaw. During inspection, they recovered 21kg of ganja. Police arrested ganja peddler Aaasai from Cumbam, middleman Baskaran from Mylapore, and auto driver Immanuel from Srinivasapuram.In another incident, police teams nabbed Deivam, another peddler from Theni, and recovered 4kg of ganja from him. In the third incident, police intercepted a vehicle near Madurai on Wednesday. \"On spotting the police, the occupants tried to flee and were nabbed after a brief chase. We seized 148kg of ganja from them,\" said SP (NIBCID) M Vijayakumari.Police arrested Murugan, Vetriselvan, Jayakumar and Selvam. They have launched a hunt for the vehicle owner and other two persons, who placed the order for the contraband. ACP (NIB-CID) K Athiveera Pandian said, \"The accused take orders from buyers and go to villages in Andhra Pradesh, where they buy ganja. They pack them into packages weighing 1-2kg each and spray scented powder on the packets to mask the odour.\" During questioning, the men said they got the consignment from Padagiri village near Vishakapatnam and brought it to Chennai on trains and buses. \"As there are more police on patrol in Central railway station, they got down at earlier stations and took buses,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11468581", "title": "3 get life term for murder", "text": "GURGAON: A city court on Thursday sentenced three persons to life for murdering a Sohna resident. The court, in its order, said that the evidence against the three was substantial, leaving no doubt about the crime. Girdhar, Sanjay and Ram Gopla had murdered one Deepak in Sohna in 2009.The murder sequence could only be linked after the police questioned all the three for a long time. The three were sent to Bhondsi jail after the court passed the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "11470057", "title": "Celebration at Lohardaga", "text": "LOHARDAGA: People in Lohardaga paid floral tributes to Swami Vivekananda's statue on his 150th birth anniversary on Thursday. Children of private schools participated in several events like play on Swamiji's life and cultural shows.For the Divine Spark Public School, the day was indeed very special in comparison to others as it worships Swamiji as a universal teacher in its daily routine. Though Dumka IG Arun Oraon who was the chief guest could not attend the function, children displayed their cultural and spiritual talents through the programmes presented and were highly appreciated by audience.Greater Triveni Public School ( GTPS) also celebrated the day with fanfare. The school chairman, Praveen Kumar Singh, inaugurated the function here by offering flowers to the portrait of Swamiji. Students also gave speeches to share their thought on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mall road", "code": "11468959", "title": "Bhupinder clinches gold before his C'wealth bout", "text": "MALL ROAD: With a spot assured in the national squad for Commonwealth Judo Championship to be held at Cardiff , Wales , the last year ended on a positive note for Bhupinder Singh . And the judoka proved his merit yet again beginning the new year with a gold (seniors) in the National Judo Championship held at Kolkata, West Bengal, recently.\"This gold medal in the 60kg weight category lifted my morale and would help me put up a good performance in the upcoming international tournament,'' said Bhupinder, 24, who is hopeful to clinch a medal for the country at the commonwealth championship. The Mall Road resident said he was fascinated with the combat sport since childhood and started practising it in 1999. In 2002, he joined the Speed Fund Academy in Ludhiana and trained under coach Rakesh Singh.Bhupinder has added numerous medals, won at state, national and international level, to his shelf since then.\"The credit for each victory I achieve goes to my elder brother, late Tarsem Singh ,'' said Bhupinder, whose inspiration resembles the biographical movie 'The Fighter', which chronicles the early days of Irish boxer Micky Ward and his trainer brother Dicky Ward. The only difference being Bhupinder lost his national-level judo player brother in an accident in 2001 while the elder boxer brother in the movie returns from jail to train Micky.\"My brother used to train me when he was around and his tips help me win bouts even today,'' said Bhupinder.Serving in Punjab police, Bhupinder said he has won many medals for his employer at the All India Police Games and aims at winning a medal for India at the Olympics. His coach Rakesh Singh said he is delighted with Bhupinder's performance so far and is hopeful of a victorious bout from him in the Commonwealth Judo Championship, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468540", "title": "Sion slum development rights sold for Rs 300cr", "text": "MUMBAI: Hotelier-cum-builder Sudhakar Shetty has sold the development rights of a slum property in Sion Koliwada for around Rs 300 crore to Sheth Creators. Jitendra Sheth of Sheth Creators confirmed the transaction, which happened over a month ago.Sheth, who split with his brother, Ashwin Sheth of Sheth Developers, said the over two-acre plot has a development potential of about five lakh sq ft. Sources said that Sheth would hand over 30% of the total built up area to Shetty once the project is complete. The 9,000 sq m comprising Shivaji nagar, Koliwada and Motamai chawls is located near Cinemax theatre in Sion.The project is believed to be funded by a Pune-based developer with an interest in Mumbai's real estate. However, Sheth denied he was financially backed by this developer, who is known to be close to the state's political leadership.Slum redevelopment schemes are the most lucrative as they offer huge incentives to builders in the form of incentive floor space index ( FSI). Slum projects are also considered to be a \"messy proposition\" with only certain types of developers entering such projects. Builders get the encroached land virtually free of cost. They are mandated to procure consent of 70% of slum residents before they can start the project. Each slum family is rehoused free of cost by the developer in a new 269 sq ft tenement. A portion of the plot is then utilized to build residential towers which the developer can sell in the open market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468489", "title": "Petition against Anna", "text": "MUMBAI: A petition has been filed in the High Court seeking directions to asking state to file a criminal complaint against Anna Hazare for insulting the national honour by displaying cartoons and pictures during his fast campaign in Mumbailast month. The petition states is filed by a law graduate and businessman, Krishjeet Gaikwad, who said while Hazare sat on fast on December 27, 2011 at the MMRDA ground at Bandra-Kurla Complex , an exhibition was also on display.His petition stated that cartoons and pictures which put up were such that they \"hurt national honour and sentiments of people at large\" were put up. He has urged direction for a probe and also sought similar direction against Anna's associates Asim Trivedi, Kiran Bedi , Arvind Kejriwal and organisers India Against Corruption.The matter did not reach hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468255", "title": "'Frame rules against cheating'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jamia Milia Islamia University has been directed by Delhi high court to frame guidelines to deal with cases of students caught cheating in exams.Justice Hima Kohli gave this direction to the university while ticking it off for not promoting an MBA second-year student, Syed Arshad Hussain, to the next academic session on charges of using unfair means in exams, an allegation the institution failed to prove. The judge also asked the University to promote Hussain and allow him to take the final year examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11468961", "title": "Security agencies ready if Naxals show up for congress", "text": "NAGPUR: Security agencies are working overtime to ensure that all Naxal leaders, who are currently underground, fall into their net while attending the next Unity Congress. However, the forces have no clue where the meeting, slated for sometime this year, would be held.All agencies are putting their heads and efforts into planning and strategizing, hoping to be ready when they learn about the venue of the meeting. Top cadres and leaders of the revolutionary movement are expected to brainstorm over their next course of action in the Unity Congress.The last such congress - the 9th of the CPI (Maoist) -- was held, according to police sources, in the jungles of Bihar-Jharkhand at the start of 2007. It was held under secrecy and tight security with armed Naxals guarding the venue.Working on the theory that the Unity Congress takes place every five years from the date of the last congregation, security agencies are narrowing down on all possible hideouts of the rebels. \"Currently, it's just a calculation,\" said an experienced official from a security wing.A statement by the outfit's general secretary Ganapathi, who was re-elected during the last meet, had mentioned that such the congress was last held in 1970. Ganapathi's brief report, highlighting the essence of the 9th congress, is available on a pro-Naxal blog site.It is also learnt that Naxals had held another meeting, which they had labelled as the 8th Unity Congress, in their stronghold at Abujh Marh on the Chhattisgarh-Maharashtra border in the beginning of the last decade. In 2004, two Major Maoist groups - People's War (PW) and Maoist Communist Centre (MCC) -- had amalgamated to form what exists today as CPI (Maoist). Hence, holding the 9th Unity Congress after the merger had become imperative for the outfit.According to another section of the security agencies, the Naxals had decided to meet every five years after the 9th Unity Congress but there was no concrete evidence to show now that they would stick to the decision now.Apart from the uncertainty around the next Unity Congress, a section of the security agencies believe that the rebels now know that their forested dens are very much under scanner with huge deployment of forces in the hinterlands.\"Already Naxals have lost several of their top leaders in last few years. There is also a recruitment crisis. The security forces' strong presence in the jungles may force the Naxals to think twice before taking the risk of holding the meet,\" said the source.THE AGENDAHere's what the Naxals are likely discuss if they meet...What led to the arrest or encounter deaths of their top leadersInformation being leakedMedia exposure of some leaders and the practice to meet journalistsElection of new members to the central committeeFilling up of key positions that have fallen vacant after the arrest or killing of the top cadresFuture course of actionChange in tactics and strategies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468471", "title": "Abu Salem appears in Hyderabad court", "text": "HYDERABAD: Gangster Abu Salem appeared before CBI Special Court, Nampally, in connection with his alleged involvement in the fake passport case on Thursday.The court, after hearing the arguments of the prosecution, adjourned the matter to January 23. Abu Salem was brought to the court from Mumbai amid tight security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468559", "title": "Validity certificates must for entry to professional colleges", "text": "MUMBAI: Students belonging to the reserved category seeking admission to professional colleges in the state will have to submit their validity certificates along with their caste certificate and other documents while admission. Failing that, they will not get admission to colleges.Earlier, post admission, students had three months to produce their validity certificate, issued by a special committee of the social welfare department. But now, students will have to keep the same ready during the time of admission itself. Director of the technical education department, S Mahajan, said, \"The decision was taken by the social welfare department because some students do not manage to obtain a validity certificate even after three months into the course and are expelled from the college. Most end up wasting a year and cannot even join as general category students, as admissions are closed by then.\"The idea has not gone down very well with students who say the queue to get a validity certificate is very long as the social welfare department is understaffed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11469741", "title": "Two surrender in connection with dalit leader's murder", "text": "MADURAI: Two men surrendered in the Valliyoor court on Thursday in connection with the murder of dalit leader Pasupathi Pandian.Pandian, the leader of the Devandra Kula Vellalar Federation was hacked to death by a gang at his residence in Nandhavanathupatti in Dindigul district, on Tuesday night. Special teams were constituted to nab his assailants. The police also took many persons for questioning including Pandian's bodyguards, who were with him at the time of the murder.A special team rushed to Tirupur on information that one of Pandian's assailants had taken refuge there, but he managed to escape. Meanwhile, two men one from the victim's native district of Tuticorin and another from the neighbouring Tirunelveli district surrendered in the Valliyoor court in Tirunelveli, on Thursday. The men were identified as Arumugasamy (26), son of Madasamy of Idhayathavanai in Tirunelveli district and Arulanandham (26), son of Jayapandian of Mullakadu in Tuticorin district. The judge remanded them to 15 days custody at the Madurai central prison. The special team is expected to file its petition seeking custody of the two men on Friday.As Arulanandham hails from Mullakadu, which is near Moolakarai, the native place of Venkatesa Pannaiyar, a local don, who was murdered in Chennai in 2003, police are investigating if Pandian's murder was committed in retaliation for the murders in Pannaiyar's group including Sivasubramania Nadar, grandfather of Subash Pannaiyar (cousin of Pannaiyar), who was murdered in 1990, with Pandian being named as an accused.Police sources say that enmity within Pandian's family was also not ruled out as his own bodyguards were being grilled by the department.Meanwhile, Tuticorin, which witnessed heavy violence on Wednesday during Pandian's funeral procession, slowly limped back to normalcy with bus services, which were stopped on Wednesday, resuming late on Thursday morning. Schools too functioned, but rumours of attacks on a school student had anxious parents rushing to the institutions to pick up their wards. Tuticorin SP Rajendran asked the public not to believe rumours and assured that the situation was under control.However, angry traders who allegedly suffered a loss to the tune of about Rs 1.5 crore when miscreants attacked shops, vehicles and even a petrol bunk during the procession staged a demonstration near the bus stand protesting the attacks. According to U Natarajan, general secretary of Tuticorin City Traders' Association, they are proposing to shut down all shops in the city on Friday to register their protest.Though the southern districts remained calm on Thursday, police pickets were placed in sensitive places like Paramakudi, Kadaladi, Kamudhi in Ramanathapuram among others. Patrolling was intensified in these places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468355", "title": "Simulators to train Metro staff", "text": "NEW DELHI: Increasing complaints about the Delhi Metro has prompted the corporation to ramp up the training module for its maintenance team.A state-of-the-art simulator has been recently installed to train staff on the most common problems. It is to ensure that response time is kept to the minimum, say officials of the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC). Said HS Anand, director (rolling stock), \"The training will have a very positive impact on the response time of the maintenance team. With this training, faults can be identified and worked upon immediately.\"The troubleshooting simulators simulate all the faults that may appear in a metro train and are to be used to train DMRC staff to respond quickly and effectively to any kind of problem.The simulators, consisting of seven sub-systems of the train, have already started getting used in training modules. With the ability to allow the maintenance staff to practice replacement of critical components in a 3D virtual environment, the corporation is hoping the simulators will prove effective in handling real time situations.According to Anand, the technology is generic and can be used on the non-Bombardier trains as well.The seven sub-systems are Brakes, Air Supply, Door system, Auxiliary system, Traction system, Train Air Conditioning and Train Control Management system (TCMS). With these new simulators, the maintenance staff can now learn the functioning of sub-systems of a train offline, before they actually go on the field for repairing the trains.\"Earlier maintenance personnel were given training only on the job. We felt a need to get maintenance simulators to allow them to get hands on experience,\" added Anand. With the training in place, DMRC officials say the identification of the fault - whether doors not closing properly or the air-conditioning is not working - can be easily done.\"This facility is primarily for Bombardier trains. We plan to bring a similar training facility in the Phase III, according to the train type that gets selected for the project,\" the director added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11469692", "title": "Cabinet nod for private sector to produce poppy straw concentrate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Allowing India to retain its status of traditional supplier of Opiate Raw Material (ORM), while remaining competitive, the Union Cabinet on Thursday allowed private sector to produce poppy straw concentrate.The decision is a part of the national policy on Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS), drafted by the finance ministry, which was approved in the Cabinet meeting chaired by PM Manmohan Singh.The policy envisages that the consumption of poppy straw by addicts will be gradually reduced and finally stopped within a timeframe decided by the states.\"On the illicit cultivation of poppy and cannabis, the policy emphasizes use of satellite imageries for detection of illicit crop and its subsequent eradication and development of alternate means of livelihood in respect of cultivators in pockets of traditional illicit cultivation,\" said the government in a statement.The policy aims to curb the menace of drug abuse and contains provisions for treatment, rehabilitation and social reintegration of drug addicts. Implementation of the provisions of the policy will lead to reduction of crime, improvement in public health and uplifting of the social milieu.\"The NDPS policy will serve as a guide to various ministries and organizations and reassert India's commitment to combat the drug menace in a holistic manner,\" the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11467222", "title": "Bank officer arrested for impersonation", "text": "PATNA: The Gandhi Maidan police on Thursday arrested a bank probationary officer (PO), Raghvendra Pratap Singh alias Sonu, for impersonating a candidate in an interview for the post of PO, State Bank of India (SBI). He was arrested on Wednesday evening on the complaint of the AGM (HR), State Bank of India (SBI), Patna main branch.Sonu is a native of Bhuli in Dhanbad district in Jharkhand and is posted as the PO in the Central Bank of India , Adapur, East Champaran, said City SP Kim. She said Sonu was appearing at the interview for one Kumar Sanu , a native of Supaul district, at the SBI Patna main branch. Kim said he admitted to taking Rs 1 lakh for impersonation and had earlier appeared in four such interviews after taking money from the candidates.Shop owner missing: A shop owner, Amit Kumar, a resident of Rukunpura under Airport police station, went missing after he left his house on January 10. The police said Kumar left the house saying that he was going to purchase some commodities for his shop. Sources said that when he failed to return home, his family members lodged a missing complaint with the police.Girl missing: A minor girl, Rani Kumari (16), a resident of Salimpur Ahra under the Gandhi Maidan police station, went missing on January 10. Police said she left her house on the pretext ofpurchasing medicines. Police said when she did not return home, her family members lodged a missing complaint with the police. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11469517", "title": "Officials meet to discuss security arrangements for Lit Fest", "text": "JAIPUR: With the Jaipur literature festival round the corner, the state government reviewed the security arrangements and measures by civic and police authorities.S Ahmed, chief secretary, state government, on Thursday called a review meeting where everyone including additional director general (law and order), Navdeep Singh and other senior officers of Rajasthan and Jaipur police were present.Ahmed urged on providing better facilities to the guests and participants coming for the festival. Ahmed asked the authorities to ensure proper traffic and security arrangements for guests at the festival, which will host Union ministers including Kapil Sibbal, Kumari Shailja, Dinesh Trivedi and Rajmata of Bhutan.On the arrival of author Salman Rushdie , Ahmad said ample security will be in place for not only Rushdie but every delegate at the fest.\"We met to take stock of the arrangements in and around the city for the upcoming Jaipur Literature festival, the biggest literary event in the state. Everyone including Rushdie will be ensured safe visit,\" Ahmed told TOI.Authors, journalists and VVIPs of international repute would be coming to attend the festival from January 20 to January 24.Meanwhile, on the controversy related to Rushdie, chief minister, Ashok Gehlot , said, state government would go by centre's directions. \"It is for the Government of India to decide. We have not received any directions in this regard so far,\" Gehlot said, while confirming the Muslim organisations met him over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11468479", "title": "Youth who break's open car to steal Rs 1.55 lakh is on the run", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 24-year-old computer science graduate lost cash worth Rs 1.55 lakh that was left inside his car parked on Bharathiyar Road in Gandhipuram while he had dinner in a hotel nearby on Wednesday night. The thief broke open the glass window of the car and stole the money. City police have formed a special team to nab the culprit.According to police, R Deepak Jothi of Ram Nagar in the city was engaged in the scrap iron business. His father Raveendran is also in the same business. On Wednesday night, Raveendran left along with his wife and elder son Arun, a dentist, to invite guests who lived on the outskirts of the city, for Arun's wedding slated for March 4.At around 10 pm, Deepak drove his car to Adayar Ananda Bhavan Hotel to have dinner. He parked the car outside the hotel and went in to eat, leaving behind the bag of money close to the driver's seat. On his return, Deepak found the glass window was broken and the money was missing. He lodged a complaint with Race Course police station on Wednesday night.\"We are trying to nab the culprit. We have formed a special team for this purpose,\" said Inspector (Crime) M Muthuraja of Race Course police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11474713", "title": "Adam Deacon wants to work with Michael Caine", "text": "Adam Deacon \"looks up\" to Sir Michael Caine and Ray Winstone .The 28-year-old actor - best known for his roles in gritty urban movies 'Kidulthood' and 'Adulthood' - takes inspiration for his career from fellow Londoners, and would love to work with them one day.He exclusively told BANG Showbiz: \"I'd love to do the whole American thing. I'd love to work with Michael Cain and Ray Winston. You grow up watching them, and for them guys there, they seem like real humble people that started on one level and they went on to great things. I kind of look up to them guys, on where I want my career to go. I kind of look up to them.\"However, the young star is keen not to forget his roots in Hackney, East London.He said: \"I want to kind of never forget the fact that there's a massive fan base, they want good entertainment. Why can't you use your height or whatever you want to call it, and get them budget and actually give it back to the UK as in have some exposures in London rather than New York and I think you can do that.\"I think a lot of actors/directors, when they get to that level they're kind of like, 'Right, let's go to Hollywood baby,' and get bigger budgets. I kind of want to do both. It's about changing the films you make but at the same time not forgetting about anyone and kind of taking them on a journey with you.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "delhi continues to shiver", "code": "11468348", "title": "Sunny sky, Delhi shivers", "text": "Delhi continues to shiver: Despite sunny skies chilly winds continued to make Delhiites shiver on Thursday.The Met department has forecast similar weather conditions on Friday. While the minimum temperature settled two notches below average at 5.3 degrees Celsius, the maximum temperature was recorded at 18.7 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11468846", "title": "Boy goes missing after US dreams crumble", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have launched a search for a class 12 student who went missing on Tuesday after leaving behind a letter saying he was bitterly disappointed about failing to get admission into a US college.Investigating officers said Sanket B Mehta, a student of Bhavan's Rajaji Vidyashram, wrote that he scored poorly in the physics section of the admission test. Police have only slim leads and are attempting to trace Sanket through the Internet Protocol address from where the boy last accessed a social networking site to deactivate his account after leaving home.Sanket's father Batlesh Mehta, who runs a wholesale stationary shop on Bunder Street in Parry's, searched for his son when he didn't return home even late in the evening on Tuesday. Some of Sanket's school friends told Mehta that his son wasn't at school for the afternoon session that day. When the boy's teachers confirmed that he went missing during the lunch break, Mehta filed a complaint with the Secretariat Colony police.Police officers who searched Sanket's room in the Mehta house on Brick Kiln Road in Otteri found the letter written by the boy. Sanket said he was frustrated and concluded by saying that he would soon meet his parents in heaven. Mehta also left his cellphone behind.Family members said Sanket returned home for lunch around noon and then disappeared.\"Mehta logged into a social networking site after leaving home and deactivated his account,\" Kilpauk deputy commissioner of police K Bhavaeeshwari told TOI. \"We have the IP address and are using it to trace his whereabouts.\"The Secretariat Colony police registered a case and formed special teams led by police inspector Thiagarajan to trace the missing boy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jaipur/bikaner", "code": "11469567", "title": "Govt plans toll on new highways despite little traffic", "text": "JAIPUR/BIKANER: The state government's move to charge tolls on eight national highways passing through Bikaner, Nagaur, Churu, Sriganganagar and Jodhpur has met with strong opposition from the public. The final agreement for developing these highways on PPP model and then charging tolls are to be signed in January.According to RTI activist Manoj K Kamra, who has been accessing documents pertaining to traffic surveys of these roads before they can be developed on a PPP model, \"The minimum criteria for developing any stretch of road on PPP model and thereafter charging toll is that traffic on these roads should be more than 10,000 Passenger Car Units (PCU). Incidentally, a survey by the National Highways Authority of India has come up with figures of more than 10,000 PSUs on all these roads when in reality there is hardly any traffic on them.\"The national highways that are to be developed include NH-11, 15, 65 and 89. On NH 15, two stretches of 80.5 km and 172 km between Suratgarh &amp; Sriganganagar and Bikaner &amp; Suratgarh respectively are to be made two-lane with paved shoulders. A similar development will be done on two stretches on NH-65 of 128 km and 171 km between Nagaur-Jodhpur and Fatehpur-Pali respectively while a stretch of 75.5 km between Jodhpur-Pali on this road is to be made four-lane.On NH-11, 200.481 km between Sikar and Bikaner is also be developed with paved shoulders. A similar structure is scheduled on NH-89 between Ajmer-Nagaur and Nagaur-Bikaner. Kamra has been approaching several offices in New Delhi for getting the real traffic on these roads but has been unsuccessful so far. \"I have written to all authorities for examining the actual toll traffic volume of PPP roads of Rajasthan under NHDP-IV but there has been no answer. I feel there is no necessity for charging tolls on these roads and unduly burdening people of five districts for the next 20 years,\" he said.Kamra has alleged that the traffic data has been inflated 3 to 4 times for crossing the 10,000-PCU mark as most of these two-lane NH roads are empty. \"This is a ploy of the PWD and I have appealed to the authorities to stop the agreement which is to be signed sometime in January. Even the rules of consultancy have been amended to keep all government officials out of liability even in case of an inflated traffic survey,\" he said.An RTI application filed at the PWD office in Bikaner for actual traffic by him has also not been replied to. \"But the actual traffic can be judged from my video clips on youtube for NH-11 portions which can never exceed 5,000 PCU per day. Also, in western Rajasthan, there is scarce vehicle density and therefore it does not justify paved shoulder of 2-lane roads just for toll,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "11470455", "title": "With Rs 136 cr assets, the richest player in Punjab polls", "text": "BARNALA: Congress's Barnala legislator Kewal Dhillon has emerged as the richest candidate contesting Punjab assembly elections with his family's joint assets valued Rs 136 crore. He has watches worth Rs 17 lakh, his family has jewellery worth Rs 2.54 crore and their preferred cars are Mercedes and Lexus .The assets of Dhillon, who filed his declarations on Thursday, are more than that of his party boss, Amarinder Singh , and Akali Dal president Sukhbir Badal. The assets along with Dhillon's wife, Manjit Kaur, are worth Rs 79 crore. His son, Karan Dhillon, who filed his papers as his father's covering candidate, has assets worth Rs 57 crore.Dhillon has an apartment at Vasant Vihar in Delhi worth Rs 25 crore, his wife has three apartments in the same locality, Chandigarh, Palam Vihar, Gurgaon worth Rs 43.25 crore. She also has four acres of land in Retgarh village in Sangrur worth Rs 50 lakh.Dhillon has agricultural lands at Barnala, Ghollu Majra in Mohali, Behlana in Chandigarh, Kishanpura in Mohali and in Chandigarh worth Rs 26.97 crore. Karan has residential apartments in Gurgaon, and Delhi worth Rs 11.75 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11469610", "title": "Batla House encounter genuine, no further probe: P Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister P Chidambaram on Thursday firmly rejected Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh's claim that the Batla House encounter case was \"fake\", ruling out reopening the case which resulted in the killing of Indian Mujahideen commander Atif Ameen.\"After looking into the matter, after I took over as home minister, we came to the conclusion that the encounter was a genuine encounter,\" Chidambaram said. The home minister's forthright remark came even as BJP attacked the Congress leadership and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of indulging Digvijaya Singh's \"dirty politics for the sake of votes\" over the September 2008 encounter in the Capital.\"Every authority who has looked into it (the case) has agreed that it was a genuine encounter. So, while there is a difference of opinion, I think the matter rests where it stands today. I don't think there is any scope for reopening that matter,\" Chidambaram said when reporters asked him about Singh's statement on Wednesday that while he always held the Batla House encounter to be \"fake\", the PM and the home minister did not agree with him.While Chidambaram confirmed that Singh had doubts about the encounter in which Delhi Police lost Inspector Mohan Chandra Sharma, one of its most decorated officers, he was firm in ruling out the demand for a fresh probe.Chidambaram's assertion acquires significance because Singh's statements on Batla House have widely been seen as crafted to help the Congress attract Muslims on whose support the party's prospects for UP are supposed to be based on. Singh made his latest intervention on the Batla House encounter at Azamgarh after a group of Muslim youth heckled Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi and burnt his effigy.The two alleged operatives of IM who were killed in the encounter and others who were in the house where it took place belonged to Azamgarh.Significantly, BJP, which has been boycotting Chidambaram in Parliament and never misses an opportunity to target him, seemed to be appreciative of the home minister in this case. \"If Chidambaram as home minister says the Batla House encounter was genuine, then how did Digvijay Singh term it fake in the presence of Rahul Gandhi in Azamgarh on Wednesday,\" BJP spokesperson Ravishankar Prasad asked.Prasad's colleague and fellow spokesperson Prakash Javdekar joined in the attack. \"Let the prime minister come out of his silent mode and explain to the nation what are the facts of the Batla House encounter in which a brave police officer had to pay the price and he died to the bullets fired by terrorists... And, here's a Congress leader giving morale booster to the terrorists and demoralising the police force by his antics,\" he said.Both Prasad and Javdekar asked Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and Rahul to give an explanation on Singh's statements on the issue, as he spoke \"their language\". Javdekar further said, \"How much you will stoop low to gain a few votes,\" he asked.\"Digvijay is his majesty's voice. You cannot remain mute spectators,\" Javdekar said while questioning Sonia and Rahul. He went a step ahead by asking the PM to not just clarify his own position with regard to the matter but take action against Singh for making such statements.\"In fact, the PM should take action against Digvijay, as he was trying to influence the courts. We condemn such dirty politics,\" Javdekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11469588", "title": "PBD a grand success, BJP just jealous: Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Thursday said the recently held 10th Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD) at Jaipur was a \"grand success\" and the opposition BJP was criticising it out of \"jealousy\".Gehlot also mocked at Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for claiming credit for the development in the neighbouring state. \"Does a country or a state progress merely on an oration competition between the chief ministers?\" Gehlot asked, referring to Modi's rhetoric that captivated the audiences on the concluding day of the PBD on Monday.The chief minister, speaking on the sidelines of the Youth Congress function, highlighted the geographical differences between Rajasthan and Gujarat to suggest that the Congress government here worked hard to bring the state into the league of developed states. \"Gujarat has had big mills even before the country's Independence,\" Gehlot said, and added, \"Rajasthan, on the contrary, has 66% of it as desert, for 55 years the state has struggled with drought, it is a land-locked state and has no perennial river. Still, we have brought it among the modern states.\"The chief minister assailed the BJP for its absence from the three-day PBD event held here from January 7 to 9. \"I am not clear if the BJP boycotted the event or just stayed away from it; they should clarify. The leader of opposition ( Vasundhara Raje ) did not come to such an important event even once,\" Gehlot said with surprise.He played down reports about PBD participants, especially the non-resident Indians (NRI) and People of Indian Origin (PIO), being mistreated at the event. In fact, Gehlot said \"some miscreant elements\" among the participants were responsible for the disorder. \"Two three people who tried to create nuisance were not necessarily NRIs. Some people are in the habit of repeatedly putting demands that cannot be met,\" Gehlot elaborated.On the issue of investments attracted by Rajasthan at the PBD, the chief minister said no state can get business ventures at these events. \"Anyone who says his state got the investment at PBD is just fooling around,\" Gehlot asserted. He blamed the media for creating investment hype over the event.At the Youth Congress (YC) function, its state president Pawan Godara demanded that the Youth Board be constituted at the earliest. \"Youngsters who give business ideas to develop rural areas, which is a dream of the Youth Congress mentor Rahul Gandhi , should be honoured by the state government,\" Godara said, addressing thousands of elected YC office bearers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468123", "title": "Creative kids get serious about caricature contest", "text": "MUMBAI: While their final aim is to sit across the cartooning legend of India, R K Laxman, their ideas are far beyond that. Cartooning is one of the most creative ways of expressing one's thoughts and participants at the Times Cartoon Contest to be held this Saturday are already deciding on the various topics and themes that they will take up to make their way to the final nine.\"I will look at a current issue, mostly terrorism, and try to give out a message to the people of our country,\" said 16-year-old Sagar Babar, a student of HVB Academy who is one of the 2,000 odd participants of the contest. Most participants have chosen to draw a piece on any of the current issues but the younger lot has their thoughts away from all these issues. \"I will draw one of the cartoon characters form Cartoon Network . He is very strong and will help solve all the problems,\" said eight-year-old Tanish Ghosalkar, one of the youngest participants.While most of the children are still thinking over the topic on which they will base their final piece, a selected few are sure about their themes. \"My piece will be a humourous piece and I will try to give out a social message through it,\" said Chinmayi Karmlakar (18) who is studying in an engineering college in Pune but is currently in the city on a vacation. 13-year-old Archita Mishra has ideas of her own. \"I don't know what exactly I will draw on Saturday but it will definitely be something that I would like to change in Mumbai,\" she said. While most of the participants are into painting, a select few are serious about their cartooning skills. \"I have been practising cartooning and sketches for a really long time so I will definitely have an edge over others who are more into painting than cartooning specifically,\" 14-year-old Shishuraj K.Participants have been picked from the 8-18 years age group and will be divided into three groups on Saturday. \"The first group will consist of children between the age group of 8-12 years, the second group will consist of children between the age group of 13-15 years and the last group,\" said G G Waghmare,, dean of the Sir J J Institute of Applied Arts, where the contest will be held. On Saturday, nine finalists will be chosen, three from each group, and these finalists will get a chance to meet R K Laxman at his Pune residence. \"R K Laxman himself will pick the final three winners,\" added Waghmare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11467494", "title": "\u2018High-rise buildings will solve housing problems\u2019", "text": "PUNE: High-rise buildings with increased floor space index (FSI) will play a major role in solving the problem of housing and also preserve land for agriculture, renowned architect Hafeez Contractor said on Thursday.Speaking at the inauguration function of construction industry exposition 'Constro 2012,' Contractor said the challenge before the construction industry was to provide affordable housing to 70% of India's population who do not have their own homes. \"The demands for space in the offices sector is also on the rise and new townships of the scale of Chicago city will have to be built every year,\" he added. \"Affordable housing means that houses should be available to people at the amount of their three years annual salary, because today's property rates are just going beyond common man's reach,\" Contractor noted.The 4-day Constro 2012 is the country's largest construction industry show, with participation from businesses engaged in the construction machinery, materials, methods and projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11470479", "title": "Fearing \u2018unlucky day\u2019, only two file nomination papers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Only two candidates turned up to file their nominations on the first day of the filing process in Uttar Pradesh on Thursday. Sources said most others decided to stay away on grounds that the first two days of the nomination process are inauspicious.Candidates are expected to file their nominations after the Makar Sankranti celebrations on January 14. On Thursday, Mukhesh Singh, an independent candidate from Barabanki, and Siraj Malik from Shohragarh constituency filed their papers. The last date for filing nominations is January 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "11470129", "title": "Maoist attack deepens Bengal power troubles", "text": "ASANSOL: The January 10 Maoist attack on a coalmine at Pachwara Central in Jharkhand has cast a cloud on thermal power plants in Bengal.Officials of Emta Coal Company - which mines the Pachwara south block, adjacent to the attack site - is worried that such attacks might disrupt their operation to produce 15 million tones of coal per annum. A coal supply crunch would stifle Bengal's power plants that are already reeling under rising coal prices.Large parts of the state suffered power cuts late last year because of the coal shortage.On Wednesday, Maoists had killed a private security guard and torched three heavy earth movers in Pakur. Emta immediately sent an SOS to power minister Manish Gupta and also drew the attention of the chief minister. Gupta has already taken up the matter with his counterpart in Jharkhand.Emta director Biswanath Dutta said, \"Pachwara is regarded as a model coal mine in the country. We have provided 800 jobs to local people. I spoke to the Jharkhand DGP immediately after the incident and demanded his intervention.\" Jharkhand DG Gouri Shankar Rath has promised to deploy IRB jawans near the mining site.However, workers felt the situation was turning hostile for the locals. If mining gets hampered in Pachwara, thermal power plants would be the worst-hit. After the rise in coal costs, a supply crunch would be disastrous for the power scenario. If work continues, Emta Coal is likely reach its optimum production target of 15 million tonne that will finally touch the 18-million tonne mark, officials say. This will minimise the government's dependence on supply from Coal India Ltd .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468508", "title": "75-year-old man shoots at robbers, injures one", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 75-year-old man reportedly shot at one member of a robber gang attempting to loot his premises at Patel Nagar in Chatrinaka in the intervening hours of Wednesday and Thursday.Tirupathaiah, the injured member of the three-member gang who belongs to Mahbubnagar, sustained injuries on his chest and ribs and was admitted in a serious condition at Osmania General Hospital.Chatrinaka police said landlord Sriramulu Patel was asleep when the robbers came in at around 1.30 am. \"When he heard some noise near his main door, armed with a licensed revolver, Sriramulu opened the door to check if there was anything wrong. He shot at the three robbers outside the house and injured Tirupathaiah in the process,\" Chatrinaka sub-inspector A Seethaiah told TOI.An attempt to theft case was registered against Tirupathaiah. Police are on the lookout for the other two accused who fled the spot immediately after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11468595", "title": "MG Road residents fined for wasting water", "text": "GURGAON: HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar on Thursday fined a few residents on MG Road for damaging the green belt, roads, and wasting water. They were also asked to help maintain the colonies and not to waste the water. The residents of MG Road have long been complaining about the civic agencies' poor sanitation work with garbage and muck accumulating in every nook and cranny of the road.After HUDA was approached by the RWAs of the various condominiums on MG Road, the authority swung into action. Dharampal, who had installed a water tanker near Essel Tower on MG Road, was fined for wasting water. When asked, Dharampal said, \"I come every week for religious proceedings near the colony and serve water here. This morning , a team of officials came and imposed a fine of Rs 500 and also warned us against wasting water.\"A few more were fined for damaging the green belt and dumping garbage in the open. The defaulters were told not to do so. People were also asked to keep the city clean and not to destroy the roadsides. The RWA and the residents of Essel Tower had earlier approached the department regarding waste piling up outside the complex every week but the authorities did nothing about it.The RWA said people gather near the complex for religious proceedings and dump garbage by the roadside or in the green belt. Deepti, a resident of Essel Towers, said, \"The action was pending for long. We are happy the department took action and went by the rule book.\" Rajiv Lamba, president of the Essel Tower RWA, said, \"The administrator took a round of the area and noticed the filth in the green belt. People were fined and several others were given warnings against dumping garbage and wasting water. We have requested the officials to visit MG Road more frequently to monitor sanitation and ongoing maintenance works.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468450", "title": "Englishman to raise funds for 21-yr-old's trip to Antarctica", "text": "MUMBAI: He walked to the two ends of the globe and has survived to tell his story. Now, he intends to take a 22-year-old Indian to Antarctica and will raise funds for it by running the Half Marathon on Sunday. Sir Robert Swann (55), who holds the world record for being the first to walk unsupported to the North Pole and South Pole, is here to participate in the Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon for the second time.\"Running in Mumbai gives one a sense of humility. There are thousands here who are poor and suffer everyday, whereas I will be suffering only for those hours when I'll be running. Even an Englishman like me feels humbled at this place,\" said Swann, who interacted with a group of people including students on Thursday evening, as part of the Vasant J Sheth Memorial Foundation lecture series.Swann, who had participated in the Full Marathon last year, said, \"I hurt my ankle last year after the run so this year, I chose the smaller distance.\" Swann will run to raise funds for Hasita Bhammar, who wishes to send out a message to the E-Base at the Pench National Park in Madhya Pradesh from the E-Base in Antarctica. \"I want to send out a message in Hindi and also raise awareness to save tigers in the country,\" said Bhammar, who was present at the lecture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11469313", "title": "Baina residents protest water woes", "text": "VASCO: Around 100 residents of Goa Rehabilitation Board colony gathered at the public works department office in Baina to complain about their water woes.Women , young and old, were seen carrying empty steel pots depicting the hardships they have to go through on a daily basis.The Goa Rehabilitation Board had already informed the authorities concerned in Vasco to take measures for supplying water to the 256 tenants in the colony.Though the request was made six months ago, the officials failed to make arrangements to give water to the tenants.Renuka Chalwadi, a tenant, said, \"Initially when we came here, we were supplied daily with four water tankers, but now hardly even two tankers come here.\"Though there are taps fitted in their block, it has been six months since they have been waiting for water. PWD technical engineer Anand Vaghurmekar, who was gheraoed by the residents, said, \"There are two bore well projects finalized for the residents and as soon as the contractor gets his material, he will start the work within a week's time.\"PWD assistant engineer M S Kunju said, \"Due to the code of conduct, the project will be pending.\"The residents demanded that Anand give them a written assurance. Anand wrote a letter that the residents will get water for 30 minutes daily through four water tankers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11467082", "title": "Centre clears four irrigation schemes", "text": "PATNA: The advisory committee of the Union ministry of water resources (MoWR) on Thursday cleared four major irrigation and flood-control schemes worth Rs 2,403 crore of water resources department (WRD), Bihar government, and also asked it to release water for irrigation purposes from the Gandak barrage for the districts concerned of poll-bound Uttar Pradesh (UP).The committee, chaired by MoWR secretary Dhruv Narain Singh, cleared these schemes of Bihar at a special high-level meeting that had been convened to have detailed discussions on them before giving the clearance.The other members of the committee present were the Central Water Commission (CWC) chairman, Ganga Flood Control Commission (GFCC) member, the Planning Commission member and a senior official representing Union finance and agriculture ministries, while the Bihar team of officials was led by WRD principal secretary Afzal Amanullah.The four major schemes cleared include Eastern Gandak Canal Renovation and Extension Project worth Rs 1,799 crore, which would provide irrigation in 1.22 lakh hectares of land spread in Vaishali, Muzaffarpur and Samastipur districts. The second major scheme of the similar dimension is Uderasthan Barrage Construction Work, Jehanabad, worth Rs 531 crore, which, when completed, would provide irrigational facility to farmers in Jehanabad, Nalanda and Gaya districts.As to the flood control measures, the committee cleared Bagaha Town Flood Protection Work of the value of Rs 49 crore. It would insulate Bagaha town from flood, as it has been plagued by flood caused by Gandak for the last five years. The other flood-control scheme that has also got approval of the committee is the Rs 24 crore work envisaged to protect Ismailpur Bindtoli along the downstream of the Ganga near the northern end of Vikramshila roadbridge across the Ganga in Bhagalpur district.On the day, the committee also issued a request letter asking the Bihar WRD to release water from the Gandak barrage for the eastern districts of UP, north of the Ganga. Earlier, around 20 days ago, a two-member team of senior officials of UP -- chief secretary and WRD principal secretary -- had called on the Bihar chief secretary, and also requested him to do the same, but the Bihar government had closed the barrage for two crucial reasons, and, therefore, referred the UP request to MoWR to decide on the matter.The Bihar government had declared the Gandak barrage closed, because it was engaged in the construction and completion of Western Gandak Canal System at a cost of Rs 750 crore, and had also been executing work related to Nepal Benefit Scheme at the cost of Rs 171 crore. The two distinct aspects of the work, including honouring international agreement, tied the hands of the Bihar government with regard to the request of UP, since the barrage had to be kept closed.\"The matter, therefore, was referred to the MoWR advisory committee for advice,\" said a Bihar WRD official, adding: \"Now both the Bihar government would take the decision to release water from the Gandak barrage. The water will be released.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11468473", "title": "25-year-old woman attempts suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 25-year-old woman attempted suicide here on Wednesday by immolating self after spending the money meant for her children's school fee on something else. The incident occurred at Saramedu near Karumbukadai in the city.The victim identified as Sharmila, was married to an auto-driver Abdul Jabeer. The couple had two children Harshanth (6) and Hanish (4) who study in a private school in the city. Jabeer had given Sharmila Rs 1,000 to pay their school fee; however, she used the money for some other purpose. When she told Jabeer, on being asked, that she did not pay the school fee and instead spent the money on something else; he scolded her and left for work.Feeling guilty over her act, she poured kerosene and set herself afire. The locals rescued her and admitted her to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital. Sharmila has suffered 50 percent burns.Kuniyamuthur police have registered a case against her under section 309 (attempt to suicide) of Indian Penal code.who diverted the money originally meant for paying school fee of her own children for some very personal purposes attempted suicide through self immolation on Wednesday. The incident occurred at Saramedu near Karumbukadai in the city and the woman sustained over 50 percent burn injuries.According to police, the woman was identified as Sharmila, wife of auto driver Abdul Jabeer. Sharmila married Jabeer seven years ago and they have two children- Harshanth, 6 and Hanish 4. The children are studying in a private school and Jabeer given Rs 1000 to her the other day to remit the school fees. But she spent the money for other purposes, which she is yet to disclose. On Wednesday evening, Jabeer questioned her about not paying the fee. She replied that she spent the money for her own use. Jabeer scolded his wife and went for work.Within minutes, she started feeling remorse over the act. Sharmila poured kerosene over her body and set fire. The locals rescued her and admitted to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH).Kuniyamuthur police have registered a case against her under section 309 (attempt to commit suicide) of Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11467304", "title": "Maharashtrian tadka for cooking fiesta", "text": "PUNE: If you thought whipping up popular Maharashtrian dishes right in your kitchen was an easy task... you were right! That is exactly what the women, who attended chef Nana Deshmukh's cooking session on a chilly Thursday afternoon at Hotel Shabree, would vouch for.The women had a good time as they thronged the Times Pune Festival's Cooking Fiesta. They tasted the delicacies being prepared and also learnt new tips of handling elaborate spices at home.Freshly cut vegetables, chickpeas, green beans and raw bananas had a delectable mix in the 'undhiyo', which was up first. It was the signature spicy 'tadka' that made the women curious about the special 'goda' and 'kaala' masalas used. \"Traditionally, a Gujarati dish, 'undhiyo' can be done in the Maharashtrian style by making it less sweet. To flavour it, add a little bit of creamed 'dahi', but no sugar,\" instructed Deshmukh.'Hulgyachya pithacha pithla' or 'pithla' made from horse gram was the next gastronomical delight served piping hot on the ladies' platters.Offering some interesting trivia on the dish, Deshmukh said, \"This variety of 'pithla' is very nutritious and a common domestic preparation in most parts of rural Maharashtra, especially among the farmers.\" Served with piping hot 'bhakri,' the main course was an apt fitting for the winter season.Simmered in a concoction of local and exotic spices was half-fried potato in Basmati rice. The 'batata bhaat', one of the most popular rice dishes in Maharashtrian cuisine, lent a sense of a wholesome meal to the session.The highlight of the evening came in the form of 'shevai aamrass'. Finely roasted vermicelli prepared with mango syrup made for an exotic experience for the urbanites in attendance. \"This delicacy is a special one all the way from Vidarbha. It should be served cold, garnished with a little bit of 'ghee', to add that much-needed smoothness to the tongue while savouring the dish,\" Deshmukh said.He was later flooded with queries on the quintessential 'bharli vaangi' (stuffed eggplant), 'masala bhaat' and ingredients for preparation of some of the typical Maharashtrian spices. \"The 'goda masala' is not a spice I use regularly. But now that I have seen its uses, I will use it in my kitchen,\" said Sharmila Vakhare.Veena Pamnani is not new to Maharashtrian dishes. \"I have made these dishes at home, but what I was more interested in were the spices used,\" she said.The audience was also served a round of Shabree's famed 'puranpoli' which acted as a sweet culmination of a much-loved event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11470220", "title": "Nearly 23L voters for civic poll", "text": "PUNE: Nearly 1.25 lakh people in Pune have applied for inclusion in the voters' list in the last three months.State election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan on Thursday said that the state commission and civic bodies are taking efforts to ensure maximum voter participation.\"This is the first time that the latest voters' list, updated about a month before the date of counting, will be used,\" she said.\"We published the updated draft voters' list on Thursday. People who have submitted their names by January 5 have been included,\" Pravin Ashtikar, election officer of Pune Municipal Corporation, told TOI.The election office of the PMC received lists for the nine assembly constituencies from the district collectorate last week. The civic body drew up the draft voters list from these.In October 2011, the last date for inclusion in the list, there were 21.76 lakh voters. \"Over 1.25 lakh people, have applied to get their names registered,\" he said.The draft voters' list was made public in line with the time-table set by the state election commission. Suggestions and objections can be registered till January 17 and the final list will be published on January 23.\"Some names may have gone to other wards or panels. Changes like these can be submitted by January 17 so that they reflect in the final list after which the number of voters in PMC will be available,\" Ashtikar said.The rise in numbers was due to the good response to the voter awareness programmes. Internet, print and electronic media were used to appeal to the people to register their names.Voters will be divided into 76 panels. Names of voters from parts of assembly constituencies that do not fall within the PMC limits will be deleted. The lists will be available in hard copies, compact discs and DVDs and on the PMC's website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11469430", "title": "24x7 metered water supply proposed for rural Gujarat", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Closely following the draft Gujarat Water Policy 2011 sent to the chief minister's office (CMO) for finalization, a fresh high-level document, prepared for the Planning Commission of India, has proposed major water reforms in rural Gujarat. This document proposes introducing availability of water 24x7 through water meters at the individual household level. Suggesting that this can be done on a pilot basis in 50 selected villages in the first year of the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17), the document says other villages can follow \"based on results and response of the community towards water usage.\"The document says, 24x7 water supply has been favoured by high-level studies. It adds that it will check leakages and wastage and reduce drinking water quantity because users will be assured of drinking water at any time of day or night. Underlining that this should be done after \"motivating\" communities to \"support\" the 24x7 water supply, it believes that the practice of metering system would be particularly necessary.The document emphasizes that 24x7 metered drinking water would require private and corporate sector's involvement. \"Willing and suitable corporates may join to provide services which may be projects on Build, Own Operate and Transfer (BOOT) or Build, Own and Transfer (BOT) basis,\" it says. It adds that as this would mean a steep rise in tariffs sans political interference, it would require setting up of an independent regulator, who would work out ways for \"full cost recovery, elimination of subsidies and cutting off or withholding services in case of non-payment or undue delay in payment.\"The draft Gujarat Water Policy 2011 had suggested that water meters be made compulsory for supply of domestic water in the state's urban local bodies. Simultaneously, it pointed out that current water rates were highly uneconomical and should change. It said, \"Water rates should be such that people may save water, try to reuse it, and prevent wastage and losses.\" This is not the first time that Gujarat government has toyed with the idea of 24x7 metered water supply. It had planned it in 2008 on an experimental basis in Gandhinagar, Mehsana, Anand, Bharuch, Morbi and Amreli on the basis of studies sponsored by the World Bank . The studies wanted a public-private partnership (PPP) model to make 24x7 metered supply a success. Nothing happened for two years, and a top aide of chief minister Narendra Modi, B N Nawlawala, declared in an open speech in 2010 that metered supply was not possible without assured water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11468428", "title": "Woman pours boiling oil on husband, absconds", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a bizarre incident, a woman allegedly poured boiling groundnut oil on her husband's head following a quarrel over trivial issues, in a village near Avinashi on Wednesday evening. The condition of 42-year-old C Rangasamy, who sustained more than 60% burn injuries, remains critical. He is admitted to the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital while his wife is absconding.According to the Avinashi police, C Rangasamy of Kallankattupudur is a real estate agent. Around 3.30pm on Wednesday, an altercation erupted between Rangasamy and his wife R Radha (38) after he returned home from work. As he was tired, he retired to bed, asking his wife to bring him a cup of tea. As she made the tea, he fell asleep.Radha boiled groundnut oil and poured it on the head of the sleeping Rangasamy. As he cried for help, she snatched his mobile phone and left home, locking the door from outside. She went to her mother's house in Avinashi town. As the house was located in an isolated area, Rangasamy was not able to receive immediate help. He had to break free through the roof. His brother-in-law Rakkiappan immediately took him to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital, where he is recovering.Meanwhile, judicial magistrate L S Sathiyamurthy recorded a statement from Rangasamy at the hospital on Thursday. In the statement, Rangasamy admitted that he often quarrelled with his wife over petty issues.Avinashi police have registered a case against Radha under section 326 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons or means) of Indian Penal Code on Thursday. \"After pouring the boiled oil on her husband, Radha went absconding. Our team went to her parent's house but failed to locate her. We will arrest her soon,\" Avinashi police inspector K Kaliannan said. The couple has two sons- R Pavithran (9) and R Raju (8).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468130", "title": "Mango growers hope chill doesn't upset apple cart", "text": "MUMBAI: The chilly weather that has gripped Mumbai and Konkan may be a pleasant surprise for everyone this year, but further dip in temperature and more dew, may also cause unseasonal drizzle and ruin your 'Alphonso delight' this season.Balasaheb Bende, an alphonso grower and a mango trader at Mumbai APMC said the initial flowering of Hapoos in November-December, which is just 10 per cent of the total produce and is first of the four flowering seasons every year, has come up well and has brought some cheer on the faces of farmers as well as traders.\"However, the flowering that is proceeding at this moment is very crucial. It will bring the first major produce of Alphonso in the market by February second week. Every alternate year, like this year, there is wide potential for more crop. But in case if the cold wave strengthens it's grip to give more dew or unseasonal showers, it may spoil the crop,\" said Bende.Bende prayed for no drizzling or rains ahead which had hit Konkan two years ago to spoil majority crop leading to shortage and high prices of Alphonso. Bende said Alphonso required a specific temperature which should not be either extremely cold or hot. The Alphonso has a huge market not only in the country but abroad. The Hapoos is traded to US, Gulf, and Europe from the gardens in Deogad, Ratnagiri, Sindhudurg, and Raigad.Ashok Hande, another alphonso grower and trader, said the Shivratri will bring the first sellable produce in the market followed by another one by March end. \"However I wish the flowering do not get damaged due to heavy dew or showers as it can spoil the season by bringing shortage and high pricing in the market,\" he added. Two years ago Alphonso prices had touched over Rs 1000 per dozen and was not within the reach of commoners.Anand Shejwal, an alphonso exporter to Gulf and a grower from Alibaug said the present temperature and climate was extremely favourable to the crucial flowering season. \"The present cold is very ideal for alphonso and also for other fruits like orange, grapes and pomegranate. In case of heavy dew, cultivators have got best of the sprays which can save flowering and mango from getting soiled. But in case of raining there are chances of flowering getting damaged and thus taking away one or two of the total four produces this season,\" he said praying for present climate to continue for a longer period.This season, may be from March onwards, the farmers will be able to sell their produce (perishable goods like fruits and vegetables) on their own directly to consumers or retailers in the market. This increases chances of Mumbaikars getting Alphonso this year at an affordable price as growers will not have to pay the cess and trading commissions to brokers in the APMC. However, some APMC traders said omitting APMC process will not help consumers in getting cheaper cost of Alphonso. According to them farmers, transporters and retailers will require the same margin to sell the produce as was required in case of trading through APMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11469396", "title": "Man gets 8 years imprisonment in fake currency case", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Additional District Judge (ADJ) XXVI, Anil Kumar Singh on Thursday sentenced Amir Mahfooz, the main accused in fake currency case to eight years of rigorous imprisonment and imposed a fine of Rs 75,000 under Section 389 B and 389 C of Indian Penal Code(IPC) after fake currency amounting to Rs 6,500 was recovered from his possession on August 14, 2008 by a team of Ghoorpur police near Iradatgunj railway station.Pleading the case, government advocate, Irfan Ahmad said that the accused Amir Mahfooz, resident of Chak Hidayatpur under Ghoorpur police station was arrested by a team of Ghoorpur police station near Iradatgunj railway station on August 14, 2008 and fake currency amounting to Rs 6,500 in denominations of 12 notes of Rs 500 and 5 notes of Rs 100 were recovered from his possession.At that time, Mahfooz's links were also traced with the banned students outfit, Students Islamic Movement of India(SIMI) and he was found involved in illegal activities, after which a team of Mumbai and Gujarat police led by the slain chief of Anti Terrorist Squad(ATS) of Mumbai police, late, Hemant Karkare had also come to the city to interrogate him.After hearing the argument, ADJ, XXVI, convicted the accused to 8 years of rigorous imprisonment alongwith a fine of Rs 50,000 under Section 389 B of Indian Penal Code(IPC).Besides this the judge also imposed a fine of Rs 25,000 on the accused under Section 389 C of IPC and ordered that failure to pay the sum would entail additional imprisonment of six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473245", "title": "I\u2019m a fan of Kamal: Sharman Joshi", "text": "There's no better way to introduce Sharman Joshi than talking about his portrayal of Raju Rastogi in the blockbuster 3 idiots. Sharman, who was in the city this week for a promotional event for 7Up, confesses that his association with the South has been minimal.\"I don't know many Tamilians; but I do know Madhavan and he's fun to hang out with,\" the actor says. \"I've travelled to Chennai before, but it's always been short visits.\" On whether he would like to work in a Tamil film, Sharman says, \"As any actor would desire, I too want to do a film with Rajinikanth and Kamal Haasan. I'm a huge fan of Kamal Haasan. I loved his performance in Saagar. I'd have an open calendar any day if I'm asked to do a film with him!\"Sharman says that he doesn't follow too many Tamil films or directors, but Shankar, whose Tamil remake of 3 idiots has just released, tops his list of directors to work with. \"I heard that there are some big actors in Nanban and I'm looking forward to watching the film,\" adds the award-winning actor who's positive and upbeat.Incidentally, he's on a pan-India campaign promoting positivity. Sharman, while talking about Ferrari Ki Sawari, his second film with Vidhu Vinod Chopra, remarks that it was a learning experience working with the director-producer. \"It's too early to say anything about the film. Working with Vidhu is a pleasure and an honour. He is someone with a lot of discipline. He believes in a strong work ethic, his dedication and attitude of not taking anything for granted, are things I've learnt from him,\" says the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11470325", "title": "Supreme Court invokes harsher law for drunken hit-and-run", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday set the trend for stringent punishment to those causing road deaths due to drunk driving by holding that the Bombay high court was right in sending Alistair Anthony Pereira to jail for three years. But it said this too was lenient punishment for his offence of driving in a drunken state and mowing to death seven persons sleeping on a Mumbai pavement in 2006.This judgment by Justices R M Lodha and J S Khehar, which dismissed Pereira's appeal, is a landmark of sorts as till now, the apex court had dealt with drunk driving cases resulting in conviction and sentence under Section 304A of Indian Penal Code and not under Section 304-II, which has a maximum sentence of 10 years.Writing the judgment for the bench, Justice Lodha said, \"The facts and circumstances of the case, which have been proved by the prosecution in bringing home the guilt of the accused under Section 304-II, undoubtedly show despicable aggravated offence warranting punishment proportionate to the crime.\"Pereira could have got more than a three-year sentence had the Maharashtra government appealed against the HC verdict. The bench said, \"Seven precious human lives were lost by the act of the accused. For an offence like this, which has been proved against the appellant, sentence of three years awarded by the HC is too meagre and not adequate but since no appeal has been preferred by the state, we refrain from considering the matter for enhancement.\"Revisit sentencing policyThe Supreme Court said that an inebriated Alistair Anthony Pereira, who mowed to death seven persons sleeping on a Mumbai pavement in 2006, may have paid Rs 8.5 lakh compensation to the victims' kin but no amount of compensation could relieve the families from constant agony.\"As a matter of fact, the HC had been quite lenient in awarding to the appellant sentence of three years for an offence under Section 304-II where seven persons were killed,\" the court said.The bench, in its 69-page judgment, said, \"Our country has the dubious distinction of registering maximum number of deaths in road accidents. It is high time that lawmakers revisit the sentencing policy reflected in Section 304A of the IPC.\"This judgment may have a bearing on cases such as the BMW hit-and-run case, where an appeal is pending in the apex court, and a similar case in which trial is pending against Bollywood superstar Salman Khan .Pereira had run over 15 people, mostly migrant construction workers, sleeping on the pavement of Carter Road in Bandra in the early hours on November 12, 2006, killing seven.The SC's stamp of approval on Pereira's conviction under Section 304-II means that the judiciary has decided to abandon giving the benefit of doubt to those driving in a drunken state and causing death and convicting them under Section 304A.This section provides for a maximum jail term of two years or fine or both for death caused by rash and negligent driving. In contrast, Section 304-II attributes knowledge to the person that if he drove a vehicle under the influence of alcohol, he could cause death or inflict injuries on passersby that could cause their death. This section provides 10-year jail term to those found guilty.Pereira's counsel, advocate UU Lalit, had argued that the HC erred in convicting his client under Section 304-II because if he was under the influence of alcohol, he would not have been aware of the consequences of his action.But state government counsel Sanjay Kharde said everyone who drives after consuming alcohol beyond the permitted limit knows that he could lose control and cause death.Our country has the dubious distinction of registering maximum number of road deaths. It is high time lawmakers revisit the sentencing policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11469319", "title": "Railways eyes education institutions for food management", "text": "LUCKNOW: After losing a major portion of food business to railways, IRCTC is now eyeing educational institutes for food and facility management. The corporation is already running a cafeteria in Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, Kanpur since July 2011. The idea is to start a similar facility in IET, Sitapur Road, Lucknow.\"It's being done under diversification plan,\" said Manoj Sinha, chief regional manager, IRCTC, Lucknow. The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation will be starting the facility management in educational institutes all over the country. As of now, IRCTC is only responsible for running food plaza and food courts.The diversification plan aims to employ the expertise of IRCTC , and to make it profitable for the corporation. There is a plan to start catering facilities in some of the government educational institutes in Allahabad also. It's not just the food which the IRCTC will provide, but the management of the hostel, laundry, security might also be on the cards.The institues will have to pay a fixed amount to IRCTC for rendering the services. The amount will be fixed after mutual agreement. \"The best thing is it will provide hygienic food and qualified services,\" said the official. This is being done under facility management. The menu will also be decided upon jointly.The facility has started at a university in Punjab and an institute in Jaipur. Besides, in days to come, IRCTC will also run 'dhabas' at petrol pumps. IRCTC Lucknow has entered into an agreement with a Bharat Petroleum petrol pump at Malwa Fatehpur between Allahabad and Kanpur where it will open the dhaba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11467062", "title": "BJP leaders to stump in UP", "text": "PATNA: If it is election season in the country's largest assembly with 404 seats, where BJP is engaged in a do or die battle for ballots, can the party's Bihar unit remain untouched? Indeed, just as the last date of withdrawal of nominations for the first phase of elections to the state assembly in highly surcharged Uttar Pradesh (UP) is approaching, sections of Bihar BJP rank and file are looking forward to their deployment in the eastern districts of UP.The Bihar BJP has already sent 20 middle-rung leaders to Uttarakhand to protect the party's stakes under the leadership of CM B C Khanduri, while around 60 of them have been camping at Varanasi and Gorakhpur in UP to lend support to the party's three-pronged fight against Congress-led alliance, on the one hand, and against the BSP led by CM Mayawati, as well as Mulayam Singh Yadav-led Samajwadi Party (SP), on the other.\"At present, it is only office-bearers and workers from the organization who have gone to UP. Other leaders would follow once the campaigning begins. They will go as per the selection, consent and approval of the party's national leadership,\" said Bihar NDA convener and state road construction minister Nand Kishore Yadav on Thursday. Incidentally, of the Bihar BJP leaders, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi has already got into the party's national pool of leaders who would undertake whirlwind election tours in UP. Last month (2011), Modi had been asked to address the party's Swabhiman Rally in Kushinagar district in UP. Later, he also addressed a meeting of business and industry circles at Lucknow to mobilize their support for UP BJP.However, the Bihar BJP is faced with a piquant situation. As alliance partner of the JD(U), it is in the second term of the Nitish Kumar-led NDA government in the state. Just as the BJP has made up its mind to be clinically free of the JD(U) to make an unencumbered campaign in UP, observers here feel it could be a bit unsavoury for the JD(U). The JD(U) had asked for 53 of the 404 seats in UP, but the BJP's national leadership refused to concede even a single seat to it.As it is, the BJP is not hassled by any burden of carrying the JD(U) on its piggyback in UP. \"We will campaign only for our candidates. There is no confrontation, because our alliance is not there. In Bihar, the alliance is strong as ever,\" Yadav said, adding: \"We are waiting for a nod from our Central leadership to go to UP.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468334", "title": "DU teachers sit on dharna", "text": "NEW Delhi: Delhi University teachers under the aegis of the Delhi University Teachers' Association observed a day-long Dharna in front of the vice chancellor's office on Thursday against consistent indifference and hostility shown by the VC.DUTA officials said that despite repeated threats issued by the university forbidding teachers to participate, over a thousand teachers participated in the protest. Though no classes were cancelled due to the protest, the teachers joined the protest before and after their classes. In fact students also joined in to show their solidarity.According to senior DU officials, there were reports that more than a fixed number of classes were held in many colleges as many teachers chose to stay back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11469541", "title": "Chinese troops damage to stonewall in Tawang was a childish act: General VK Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The move by Chinese troops to damage a 200-feet long stonewall in Tawang region of Arunachal Pradesh in last July was a \"childish act\", said Army chief General VK Singh on Thursday.The wall was subsequently rebuilt by Indian troops after New Delhi lodged a strong protest with Beijing. \"We consider it a childish act. It's like a child coming to some other child whom he doesn't like and takes away his toy. We don't consider it a skirmish or strife,\" said Gen Singh.\"When something happened in Nathula, everybody came to know. If there is a skirmish, there will be enough noise, there will be enough bloodshed for the world to come to know,\" he said.While holding that India had \"good relations\" with China, he said the armed forces have to be prepared if things go wrong in the future due to border dispute. That is why the Army has prepared a Cabinet Committee on Security note for force accretions and infrastructure development, which the finance ministry is currently examining, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11469939", "title": "Play &amp; speech on Youth Day", "text": "RANCHI: The 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda was celebrated in the capital by the Ram Krishna Mission as National Youth Day on Thursday, in which several schools participated.The programme started with Vedic chants by the students of Vivekananda Vidya Mandir, followed by the lighting of lamp by chief guest A K Singh, secretary of youth and cultural affairs department, and DPS principal J Mohanty.Students of Delhi Public School (DPS), Ranchi, performed a short play on Swamiji's life and teachings. Students of Bridgeford School presented a classical dance while 'Rudra rupa' dance was performed by the students of Gyan Bharti and students of Jawahar Vidya Mandir, Shyamli, delivered speeches on the teachings of Swamiji. Singh said, \"Swami Vivekananda was not only a great philosopher but also a big patriot. He loved his country dearly. The youth of the country should follow his path to build a strong India.\"Ramakrishna Mission secretary Swami Shashankananda gave a motivational speech for the students saying the number of suicides in the country is increasing because more and more students are blindly following the western culture. \"We should be open to globalization but our Indian culture and tradition should also be kept intact,\" he said.He added, \"Swami Vivekananda's anniversary should be celebrated in every school and college of the country every year to make the students aware of his teachings and build a strong India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468420", "title": "Cops bust SIM card racket, 1 held", "text": "MUMBAI: The Crime Branch (CB) Control Unit and the Dongri police have busted a racket where cellphone SIM cards were issued on forged papers. Police suspect the involvement of service providers.A former SIM card dealer, Mohammed Asim Razzaque Turk (24), was arrested and 4,931 SIM cards, a laptop, four mobile phones and Rs 36,000 cash were seized. Turk has been booked for forgery and breach of trust. Cops are likely to invoke other sections after obtaining technical evidence.Police inspector Rakesh Sharma and his team raided Saeed Manzil at Dongri and found Turk with several SIM cards, forged documents and customers' photographs. \"The seized cards belong to Airtel , Idea, Uninor, Cheers, Vodafone, Loop and Reliance,\" police said. \"Turk used to approach dealers and promise them 5,000 customers. Dealers provide discounts or incentives if the number of customers is large,\" said DCP Manohar Dalvi.Then, Turk would buy verified documents of customers from retailers at the rate of Rs 3 per copy, make several photocopies of the forms, change the photographs and names and then submit them to the dealers. The dealers would pay Turk Rs 80 per SIM card. Turk would then refill these SIM cards for Rs 10 each. After activation, he would get huge sums from the dealers. \"There is possibility of involvement of mobile operators,\" Sharma added.The police are probing whether the seized SIM cards were given to Turk in connivance with service providers to show an increase in sales.Shafqat Usmani, a SIM card retailer and owner of Day Night communication in Mumbai, said that such cards are mostly given to retailers by the companies. \"Firms promise incentives and lucrative offers on selling maximum number of SIM cards or on achieving a specific target. In most cases, we have seen that the companies fill the customer application form (CAF) and simply ask the retailers or the distributors to sell the cards. Sometimes, the distributors send activated cards to the retailers and ask them to collect necessary the documents,\" said Usmani.A retailer said that a delegation of SIM card dealers had met department of telecommunication (DoT) officials and described instances where SIM cards were activated on tendering forged documents. \"As per the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ( TRAI) rule, it is the service provider's duty to verify the documents of a SIM card holder within seven days of activation. However, firms ask retailers to do so,\" said Amjad Khan , owner of Misbah Electronics, also a distributor.Police sources said Turk was also involved in selling cards for changing mobile portability. \"Several people sell activated SIM cards to STD and ISD owners on fake papers and ask them to return the card with Rs 10 or Rs 5 as balance. Later, they use the same mobile balance to change the service provider. They get a commission of Rs 100 for changing one SIM card's portability. Mobile companies, in most cases, do not verify whether the card is still functioning after changed portability. They are concerned with their increasing number of customers only,\" added Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11469384", "title": "Closed main gate troubles rail passengers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Though Indian Railways proudly claims that it serves the passengers with smile but the present state of affairs existing at the Allahabad railway junction belies the tall claims. One of the main gate at the city side of the Allahabad railway junction near the Line Shah Baba has been closed for several days due to which passengers are encountering several problems.They have to carry their luggage on their own heads and traverse a large distance measuring about 1000 yards to emerge out from the main gate. On the city side of the Allahabad railway junction, there are several gates for the movement of the passengers. However, there is one gate that opens directly on the Leader Road on the city side of the junction through which passengers emerging from the main bridge come out.But this gate has been closed due to which passengers are facing lots of problems. The reality is that some of the passengers manage to squeeze out from the little space left near the side portion of the gate. However, some passengers get stuck in the narrow space.Moreover, if the passengers have large number of luggage, then his problem multiplies as he has to carry the luggage himself moving for about 1000 yards before emerging out from the main gate. After moving such a long distance, he is able to get a vehicle so that he can reach his destination safely.One the of the passenger, Mukesh Kumar holding two luggage bags on the shoulders and one of the suitcase precariously placed on the head says \" Humein nahin maloom tha ka gate band hoga. Koi coolie bhi nahin mil raha hai.isi liye hamapna saman sar par lad kar le jaa rahen hain. ( I was not aware that the gate would be closed. There is non availability of coolie due to which I am forced to carry the luggage on the head.There is even placement of a large board on the Leader Road pointing out that the gate leads to the bridge taking the passengers to the platform number 5 to 10 of the Allahabad railway junction. As most of the trains going towards the Mumbai direction arrive on platform number 6,7,8,9 and 10, most of the passengers utilize the gate to reach their destination.The passengers had also the facility of some vehicles which took them to reach their respective destination. However, the closure of the gate has compounded the problems of the passengers. Talking to TOI, chief public relations officer of N CR Sandeep Mathur said this gate located on the city side of the Allahabad railway junction would remain closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473725", "title": "Dhoni is taking a smart route: Babul Supriyo", "text": "Babul Supriyo says with BCCI senselessly packing the calendar with bizarre volume of cricket, he won't be surprised if a few cricketers choose one form of the game over another.When MS Dhoni said \"If I want to see the 2015 World Cup, I'll have to retire from one of the formats. There's still time as I am just 30. We will see it by 2013,\" it invited mixed reactions from all those who have followed his game. The debate over whether Dhoni should consider retirement from Test cricket sent many of his fans and well wishers thinking.One such reaction came from singer Babul Supriyo, who has been following Dhoni's game for a long time now. Says the singer, \"Dhoni is the future of Indian cricket. That's not because there is no alternative but because searching for an alternative at this stage would just be stupidity. A captain is as good as his team. He is looking helpless and hapless because his team is grossly under performing. Yet, Dhoni will surely be my bet as captain till 2015 in every form of cricket. But with BCCI senselessly packing the calendar with bizarre volume of cricket, I won't be surprised if a few cricketers choose one form of the game over another.\"The singer insists that though Test cricket is what real cricket is all about, it goes without saying that the One Day and T20 forms of the game might be the future. \"The World Cup winning captain of both T20 and One Dayers may surely want to focus on them to try and win it again at the cost of Tests. Previously, when cricketers had complained about fatigue from too much cricket, BCCI ridiculously questioned as to why they can't skip IPL instead of national duties. That's as stupid as it can be. Everyone aspires to make money and when franchises are happily buying them for millions, why would a player rest during the IPL? Isn't IPL a BCCL venture as well? Dhoni is smart and so he is taking a route that would not let anyone raise too many questions,\" says Babul, before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11469736", "title": "Kolkata walk: Tracing the heritage footsteps of the Raj", "text": "Few Kolkatans would have not passed by the iconic Writers' Building. But far fewer still would be able to name the groups of statues standing atop this building. Or, in all probability, would even be aware of their existence.Four clusters of statues, christened 'Justice' , 'Commerce' , 'Science' and 'Agriculture' , with the Greek Gods and Goddesses of these four streams (Zeus, Hermes , Athena and Demeter respectively) flanked by a European and an Indian practitioner of these vocations, adorn the building. But then, with the usual bustle around this seat of governance, it is easy to miss these and many other details of this Raj-era structure. And these are precisely the things that a 'heritage' walk around Dalhousie Square (BBD Bagh now) would reveal.Take, for instance, the adjacent St Andrew's Church. A plaque installed in front of it gives out an interesting bit of information about the rooster installed atop its tall spire. But it needs an intrepid 'explorer ' and Kolkata lover like Iftekhar Ehsan ('Ifty' , as he prefers to be addressed) of this city's premier group that conducts heritage and other interesting walks to inform you that the spire served a strategic purpose during World War II.\"Pilots taking off or landing or Red Road (in front of Fort William ) would use the spire as a reference and navigation point,\" he informs a spellbound group of tourists. Walking around Dalhousie Square with Ifty is a fascinating journey of discovery. This walk-- 'In the footsteps of the Raj' -- takes off from the arcade of the Great Eastern Hotel, the first hotel in Asia to be air-conditioned , says Ifty, before he reels off other enthralling bits of information about this hotel.On the exterior wall of a structure a stone's throw away from the hotel lies embedded a marble plaque that advertises the business of Federico Peliti, an Italian exporter of virtually everything under the sun. \"Peliti's , the eponymous restaurant started by Federico, was the finest Italian restaurant this side of the Suez till it closed down in the 1960s. The Mullicks of Shovabazar even got a zebra imported through Peliti to pull a small customized carriage,\" relates Ifty.Pointing across the street to the east gate of the Raj Bhavan, Ifty tells his 'fellow explorers' (as he prefers to address his clients) that the British started the practice of installing fierce-looking lions atop arched gateways to the their mansions . The rich Indians in 'black town' (the Indian quarters of the city to its north) started replicating these, but British soldiers would periodically demolish them, only for the rich Indians to install them again.This stopped when the concrete lions atop the gateways to the Indians' mansions started wearing a docile smile instead of a fierce growl, thus satisfying the British, says Ifty. He talks about the history of St Andrew's Church (it was a court house which was demolished to appease inflamed local sentiments after the miscarriage of justice in the conviction of Raja Nandakumar, a pious soul, who was framed by Warren Hastings ), about how the senior employees of Royal Insurance Company (across the GPO) had the privilege of riding their horses right up to their first and second floor chambers, and about many other absorbing and little-known aspects of the history and heritage of the structures in the city's central business district.'Explorers' who take this tour would get to see the interesting murals on the gateways of many structures and would get to know that the canon mounted on the wings of a dragon in front of the north facade of the Raj Bhavan was a gift from the Emperor of Nanking. St John's Church is the last stop of this tour and its interiors, with period furniture and plaques in memory of many Europeans who died in this country or while travelling to and from it, is like stepping back into time.'Calcuttawalks' started four years and three months ago to fill a long-felt need for well-conducted heritage walks in this city. 'In the footsteps of the Raj' was the first heritage walk by his company. Very soon, five other walks, ranging from one exploring cultures to another celebrating Park Street, were designed. Now there are the cycling tours, the 'wetlands walk' and the 'bird watching' walk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11467574", "title": "Getting a learner licence", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Soon, getting a learners' licence is set to become tougher as after making the online exam hard, Chandigarh administration is going to make the system tougher by introducing written examination and training for applicants. A proposal in this regard has been sent to the advisor UT administration after a series of meetings.As per information, it has been proposed that written examination test will be conducted at one place by joint team of the Chandigarh traffic police and RLA instead of tests at various venues. It has also been proposed that after the written examination, successful applicants will be given special training by the administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468717", "title": "Govt finally clears umbrella anti-terror organization", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Thursday finally gave its approval to set up a 'specialized' anti-terror body, National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), which will work as a single-window entity to pool together and collate terror-related intelligence inputs, draw plans to neutralize terror modules and coordinate action among different terror agencies to defuse threats.A core team of this body comprising its director and other top officials will be put in place by end-March or early April, completing the counter-terror institutional architecture that Union home minister P Chidambaram had planned after the 26/11 strikes.NCTC to be key part of IBThe NCTC will work as an \"integral\" part of the Intelligence Bureau, but will be exclusively focused on counter-terrorism on the lines of specialized anti-terror agencies in the US, the UK, Germany, France, Israel, Russia, China and Japan.As part of Centre's post-26/11 blueprint, NIA, National Intelligence Grid and NSG hubs designed to facilitate the spreading of the commandos across the country, have been set up. The NCTC, the remaining piece, was held up because of reservations among certain quarters of the government over its scope. The final design has accommodated the concerns of various wings of the government that were stakeholders in the decision.Asked whether the proposed set up for the NCTC reflected a dilution of his earlier plans, Chidambaram said, \"It's not a comedown. This is a beginning. Eventually based on our experience, based on what we find our shortcomings, deficiencies or the safeguard that has to be built, it will eventually grow into a kind of organization that I envisaged.\"Talking to reporters after the Cabinet committee on security gave \"in principle\" clearance to the NCTC, the home minister said its function will include drawing up of plans and coordinating all actions, particularly counterterrorism.Chidambaram said the core team will be the \"nucleus\" around which the NCTC will be built. \"After obtaining the necessary approvals from department of expenditure and DoPT, we will begin the work of appointing the core team,\" he said.Spelling out the brief for the NCTC, Chidambaram said the agency will also coordinate with relevant probe and intelligence agencies to ensure that the perpetrators of terror are brought to justice, besides maintaining comprehensive database of terrorists, their associates and supporters.\"It will ensure that all agencies have access and receive all intelligence support\", he said, adding it will be under Intelligence Bureau and report to its director, Union home secretary and the home minister. The home minister, however, did not disclose finer details of its functioning. At present, the IB's anti-terror function is being looked after by the multi agency centre (MAC), that will be subsumed into the NCTC.Chidambaram said its function will include drawing up of plans and coordinating all actions, particularly counterterrorism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11469836", "title": "Diabetics must take care of their eyes", "text": "Among the most dreaded complication of diabetes is diabetic retinopathy, says eye expert Sanjay TeotiaDiabetes affects many organs of the body especially the eyes. It causes early development and maturation of cataract. Diabetics are more prone to develop glaucoma but the most dreaded and vision threatening complication of diabetes is diabetic retinopathy . Diabetic retinopathy refers to retinal changes caused by damage to blood vessels of the retina. In diabetic retinopathy, new blood vessels are formed in the retina. The walls of these vessels are thin and may leak causeing retinal haemorrhage and significant loss of vision.FactorsAbout half of diabetics develop diabetic retinopathy after 10 years. After 20 years, almost all diabetics may develop diabetic retinopathy. The duration of diabetes is the important factor in the development of diabetic retinopathy. Family history also makes a person more prone to it. The risk of blindness is about 25 times greater in diabetics than non-diabetics .SymptomsBlurring of vision, frequent change of refractive glasses, difficulty in reading and driving, and distorted vision are common symptoms of diabetic retinopathy. Increased blood glucose level sometimes causes oedema or swelling of the crystalline lens. This causes temporary myopia or near-sightedness .DiagnosisDiagnosis of diabetic retinopathy is easy. An eye specialist examines the retina with the ophthalmoscope to make a diagnosis. Other ways to diagnose diabetic retinopathy are fundus fluorescein angiography (FFA) and optical coherence tomography (OCT).ManagementIf diabetes is controlled in the initial stages, it can delay development of diabetic retinopathy. A diabetic can safeguard himself from the complication by consuming a fatfree diet, avoiding smoking and alcohol, exercising regularly and taking brisk walks.TreatmentIn diabetic retinopathy, laser is very effective. With the help of laser, new vessels can be destroyed and leaking vessels sealed. Another option available is injecting the eyes with a special injection , which destroys new blood vessels which develop in diabetic retinopathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11468679", "title": "More patients to benefit by Mar", "text": "NOIDA: The city's first government multispecialty hospital is finally due to be completed in March this year after numerous delays. According to sources, 85 per cent of the BR Ambedkar hospital has been constructed and once fully completed it will have 320 beds for patients. The hospital has been operating for months with just 100 beds, which falls far short of the average number of patients that seek admission daily. The hospital will also have residential quarters for doctors in an effort to solve the problem of staffing that is being faced since its inception.The past year saw the launch of the much-needed multispecialty hospital in the city in August, 2011. But ever since then, the hospital has been plagued by a series of problems mostly related to lack of staffing and space combined with the ever-increasing pressure of the thousands of patients who come in for treatment every day. The lack of affordable alternatives for quality healthcare in the city has meant that the district hospital sees more than 2,000 patients every day. \"Once completed, the hospital will have 320 beds which will definitely help us deal with the current rush of patients coming in,\" said Meena Mishra, CMS, District Hospital.The hospital has successfully revolutionized healthcare in the district. It has nine specialized wings, emergency care, a special cell for adolescent health and an OPD. It also has a unique neurological examination centre for children to assess and detect neurological-impairments at an early age. The hospital's blood bank is also due to become operation by the end of this month. Once operational the bank will not only cater to patients from Noida, but also Delhi, Gurgaon, Faridabad, Ghaziabad and Meerut.According to Noida Authority officials, the hospital will become fully operational only after all the licenses are obtained for the equipment after the construction finishes. \"The construction work in the hospital will end in the hospital by the end of March. However, the licenses for the equipment might take a little more time,\" said an official of Noida Authority.\"Accommodation for the hospital's staff is deemed as must as, in many cases, talented doctors are unable to find boarding in the city. The residential quarters coming up in the complex will help solve that problem,\" admitted an official of the Noida Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469267", "title": "Women dyers from UP storm male bastion", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The process of dyeing manja, spiking it with glass powder and starch, thus giving it sharp teeth to chomp off rival kites in the sky, has been traditionally a male bastion in Ahmedabad. This Uttarayan, a number of rangrezans, or women dyers, from Uttar Pradesh (UP) have stormed into this bastion. Nearly 15-odd women from the northern state are camping in the city for the festive season.Anitabai, a 40-year old from Lucknow, chews betel leaves as she runs the dough made potent with colour, rice starch and glass powder along the white thread in a corner in the bustling Raipur kite market. The widow, who colours all through the year back home, has come to Ahmedabad to make a neat profit as kite lovers in the city do not mind shelling out for their passion.\"Back home, we are paid Rs 15-20 for colouring 1,000 yards of thread. In Ahmedabad, we are paid Rs 40. When I heard this, I boarded the train to the city along with three of my friends to earn more,\" says Anitabai, mother of three daughters.Nirmala Nishat, 32, a mother of five, too came to the city after Diwali to colour manja. She is accompanied by her husband Pappu. \"In our hometown, people fly kites during Diwali. While there is lot of enthusiasm about flying kites in UP, the passion and enthusiasm associated with Uttarayan in Ahmedabad is unmatched,\" says Nirmala.The women say that dyeing manja is a tough business as if not done with precision, it can result in cuts and bleeding fingers. \"The dough that is used to colour the thread is deadly. In fact, during the two and half months that we will be colouring manja in Ahmedabad, we will not cook food with our hands as there is danger of ingesting glass particles and colour,\" says Sadhna Kanwar, who has come to town with her daughter Anita from UP.Amrut Rathod, a kite-flying enthusiast who has got his manja dyed from UP women dyers, says that he was impressed with the manja colouring skills of the women as they patiently dye the manja, slowly and gradually rendering it fit enough to slaughter rivals in the skies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11472309", "title": "Celebs at a football match in Kolkata", "text": "When football stars from across the globe - Pele, Ruud Gullit , Ronald de Boer , Christian Karembeu among others - fly into Kolkata for the Super Football match at Salt Lake stadium on January 23, cheering them on from the stands will be a host of film personalities and celebs. Rahul Bose has already confirmed; Dhanush and Team \"3\" is also supposed to join the party.Kolkata gets this super dose of football and glamour just a few months after Messi mesmerized the city with his ball skills on September 2, when Argentina played a friendly against Venezuela .The King of Football, Pele, is the brand ambassador of The Superstars XI, which will play Bhaichung Bhutia-led The Indian Dream XI. The event will also see Scorpion member Rudolf Schenker making a guest appearance on the ground.The match, which was set to take place at Salt Lake Stadium on January 15, has been pushed back by a week. But that, in no way, is going to compromise on the star factor. \"Apart from Pele, who is the brand ambassador of The Superstars XI, and Dutch legend Ruud Gullit, who's coaching the team, there will be star players like Regi Blinker, Ansgar Brinkmann, Winston Bogarde, Ronald de Boer, Marcel Oerlemans, Pierre van Hooijdonk and Ali Daei , among others. The Indian side will be announced by the end of this week,\" said Anuj Kichlu, GM, Football Players Association of India.On being asked if the change in date led to the stars facing problems in arranging their schedules, Anuj added, \"Rudolf is coming down despite the date being pushed back.\" What about Bollywood stars? \"The entire fraternity has been invited, but closer to the event we'll get to know who all are coming down. Dhanush will be part of the event,\" he said.Rahul Bose has already confirmed coming down to the city to witness the match. \"Yes, I will be in Kolkata on January 23,\" he said. If sources are to be believed, John Abraham and Ranbir Kapoor will also be in town to watch the match. The euphoria surrounding the match is only expected. \"Who wouldn't want to see Pele in action?\" is the general refrain in the city. Dhanush too is expected to make a whirlwind tour of Kolkata with wife Aishwarya, \"Kolaveri Di\" composer Anirudh Ravichander and his \"3\" co-star, Shruti Haasan, on the day of the match. Said a source close to the south star, \"Yes, he's keen to come to Kolkata with the team of \"3\". However, the actor-singer is yet to confirm. Dhanush is expected to promote his forthcoming film and is likely to be part of the event. But whether he'll sing \"Kolaveri Di\" has not been decided as yet.\"Bhaichung, who is leading the Indian side, is as upbeat about the match as the auction dinner after the event. The postmatch initiative is rather close to the Sikkimese Sniper's heart. \"Yes, there will be an auction dinner through which funds will be raised for earthquake victims in Sikkim. A lot of my friends from Bollywood are expected at the event,\" he concluded. So, watch the game - and the stands!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469176", "title": "Govindacharya, Swamy to float parallel anti-graft body", "text": "NAGPUR: Team Anna may have to brace for some competition soon. Former BJP ideologue Govindacharya and Janata Dal leader Subramanian Swamy have now jumped the anti-corruption bandwagon, allying with Baba Ramdev who has been lying low since his retreat from Ram Leela Maidan. Although the new front, christened Rashtriya Swabhiman Andolan, has been courting Anna Hazare's men, there has been no alliance so far.Govindacharya, who was in the city to attend a credit cooperative society function, told newspersons that the movement will be launched on February 4. Members of Team Anna like Arvind Kejriwal have been approached with further parleys continuing, he said hinting that Anna and his men were not keen on joining them. The front is also pressing on having a referendum on key issues as a part of democratic reforms it moots.Action Committee Against Corruption in India, another outfit floated by Swamy and Govindacharya, has also approached the CBI for registering an FIR against publicly known allegations of corruption and money laundering. Govindacharya said that even as fight against corruption has been able to garner public support, schisms have been seen among the organizations leading the crusade. Hinting at Team Anna's stance, he said that it was time that a united front was put up setting aside ideological and party differences. He quoted Kejriwal as having said that that they would like to remain a separate camp though would support the cause.On inability of Team Anna to garner enough crowds at Mumbai, Govindacharya said that a heightened level of public sentiment could not be maintained. \"Popular support has its own dynamics, with ups and downs. This does not mean the support has faded,\" he said. Govindacharya said Anna's movement had achieved partial success as it had instilled confidence among the public.Members of Govindacharya's Swabhiman Andolan would be actively lobbying for right candidates during elections being held in the five states. He said they would ask the voters not to back any candidate facing corruption charges or having criminal background, as well one who has secured candidature on the basis of dynastic politics. \"If any constituency has all such candidates then the voters would be urged to go for negative voting. Though the EVMs won't have a negative vote button as some have demanded, the Election Commission has agreed to have a register to keep an account of such votes specified as NOTA (none of the above). The next step will be to demand taking into account the negative votes. This means certain criterion should be set to disqualify the elections in a constituency that sees a large number of negative votes, he added.Flaying the Congress, he said that Lokpal Bill drama was stage managed to ensure it did not become a law. \"Which ruling party would want to have a law that harms its own interests,\" he said. Asked about corruption in BJP, Govindacharya said he would prefer to maintain a general outlook over the issue. He evaded a direct reply on likelihood of a Lokpal turning out to be an autocrat, he said it must be trim and efficient and not cumbersome. A cumbersome agency will also be inefficient and ultimately lose public confidence. He pressed for the judicial accountability bill and a citizen's charter in all departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11468272", "title": "SAD nominee warned over meeting", "text": "Ajnala assembly constituency's returning officer has issued a warning to Shiromani Akali Dal candidate Amarpal Singh for holding a meeting in a gurdwara, which violated electoral code of conduct. As per a complaint, Singh had held an election meeting in gurdwara of Salohdeen village on January 3. An official release on Thursday said, \"Immediately, flying squad and election staff were dispatched but before they could reach the gurdwara, Amarpal had left after finishing the meeting.\"Congress rebel files nominationFormer Nurmahal MLA and now Congress rebel, Gurbinder Atwal, filed his nomination as independent candidate from Nakodar, where the party's candidate is Amarjit Samra. Atwal went to file his nomination with a long cavalcade of vehicles. Atwal and former District Congress Committee (Rural) president Rajinder Singh 'Baba' Johal, who has become People's Party of Punjab candidate from Jalandhar Cantt, are trying to damage Congress' chances on the two seats.Ex-MP enters fray against sis-in-lawFormer Nawanshahr MLA and MP Chanarnjit Channi filed his nomination as independent candidate from the constituency on Thursday against Congress' official nominee Guriqbal Kaur Babli, who happens to be his deceased cousin's wife. Channi is said to have brought his cousin and Babli's husband, Parkash Singh, into politics and got him elected MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11469252", "title": "Plea against maritime VC dismissed", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has dismissed a writ petition against the appointment of Captain M Baweja as vice-chancellor of the Indian Maritime University (IMU), effectively vacating a stay order issued last week.Justice B Rajendran, who stayed the appointment last week, dismissed the main writ petition itself on Thursday in view of certain new facts that were brought to his notice. First, the former vice-chancellor P Vijayan, who had challenged the appointment of Baweja, had not revealed the fact that after his tenure had ended he had been appointed director and he had reported for duty as director on November 23, 2011. Baweja had assumed charge as VC on November 18 itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473237", "title": "A Galaxy of Showstoppers", "text": "The launch of a celebrity calendar in Chennai gave the starry-eyed lot of the city a reason to come together.Some of Kollywood's hottest actors and actresses, joined forces with the cream of the city's social circuit at this high-profile gathering recently. The ladies were all decked up in stunning outfits, both ethnic and western, and they were the cynosure of all eyes. Sneha was one of the headturners on the night as she dazzled all with her gorgeous grey ensemble.Hema also made a lovely impression with her elegant black sari, that was teamed with matching accessories. The boy brigade was of course, out to have fun. And they looked dapper while they were at it. The ladies' favourite blue-eyed boy Bharath, decided to keep things simple with his denim avatar. As the folks hobnobbed with each other, laughter and banter became the order of the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11469971", "title": "No assurances against military takeover: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US on Thursday said it has neither sought nor received assurances that the Pakistani army will not stage a coup, even as it made it clear that it supports a \"civilian-led government\" in the country.\"This is a matter for Pakistani officials and the government leaders there, military and civilian, to work out,\" Pentagon spokesman John Kirby said in first comments by US officials on the ongoing tussle in Pakistan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11469691", "title": "Get set-top boxes before it\u2019s too late", "text": "KOLKATA: If you have not opted for a set top box (STB) till now, contact your local cable operator at the earliest . Or else, be prepared to stare at a blank television screen.Once cable transmission mandatorily switches from analog to digital platform five months from now, TV sets without STBs will go blank. Once that happens, all hell will break lose in millions of homes as the daily doze of entertainment will disappear from lives of the citizens.If the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) sticks to the Ordinance on Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Act, 1995, the switch from analog to digital transmission will have to be completed in Kolkata, Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai, by June 30, 2012. From the next day, only digital transmission will be beamed to cities.\"It isn't just pay channels that will disappear after the digitization deadline. People will not be able to tune into free-to-air (FTA) channels either. STBs will become compulsory for viewing any cable channel ,\" said DigiCable vice-president Amit Nag.With just over five months to go and no urgency visible yet, there are serious doubts over whether the new system could be effectively rolled out in so many households. As state minister Madan Mitra pointed out, \"If the cable TV switches off for even five minutes, it feels as though life has gone out of our lives. We get disconnected from the world.\"Though multi-system operators (MSOs) like DigiCable, SitiCable, Manthan, GTPL-KCBP , Den, AMBC, Howrah Cineline, DigiCable and Kailash Cable expect TRAI to extend the deadline by at least two months, they acknowledge the roll-out logisitcs will pose an immense challenge.\"MSOs have to seed STBs in nearly 27 lakh homes through cable operators. That is a herculean task. We have to begin pushing STBs aggressively mid-next month. Viewers, too, need to come forward and embrace the technology. While demand for STBs will peak as the deadline approaches, unless it is spread over the next four months, there will be utter chaos thereafter,\" warned SitiCable director Suresh Sethia.The entire Kolkata Metropolitan Area (KMA) - Kalyani in the east to Maheshtala in the west, and Bally in the north to Barasat in the south - will come under the digitization ambit. According to industry estimates, there are 33 million television homes in KMA, of which 2.8 lakh subscribe direct-to-home (DTH) while 3 lakh have STBs from cable operators.Of the latter, 2.7 lakh homes are in Alipore, New Alipore, Behala and other areas west of Tolly's Nullah where conditional access system (CAS) was rolled out in 2007 before implementation in rest of the city was put in the back burner following political opposition. It was perceived that the move would not only adversely affect cable operators, but also push cable TV beyond the reach of millions living in slums.The digitization attempt was again revived on December 13, 2011, when a bill was passed in the Lok Sabha with the government assuring that it will not harm operators or subscribers.\"Digitization will allow viewers to watch and pay for only those channel they wish to see,\" information &amp; broadcasting minister Ambika Soni had said after introducing the Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Second Amendment Bill.Touted as a major step towards reforming the murky TV network, digitization is expected to boost subscription revenues for broadcasters as it promises to end hefty carriage fee they pay to cable operators. In the absence of an addressable system, the subscription revenue transaction between the broadcasters, MSOs and local cable operators is determined on the basis of fixed fee or negotiated subscriber base.Given the strong bargaining power of cable operators that own the last-mile connectivity, the distribution of subscription revenue is heavily skewed in their favour. According to estimates, local operators declare only 15% of their paid connectivity to MSOs and broadcasters.This not only deprives the MSOs and broadcasters of their fair share, but also results in service tax leakage for the government. The lack of trust and transparency in the business models of the industry has also led to frequent disputes between stakeholders and increased litigation.\"Once digitization happens, there will be addressability and transparency, issues that have dogged the industry and tainted the players for two decades. Not only will it streamline the industry, it will lead to improvement in quality of viewing. People will also be able to view more channels. The government's revenue share will also increase,\" Cable TV Equipment Traders &amp; Manufacturers' Association (CTMA) secretary K K Binani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11468600", "title": "Marble worth crores seized by HUDA to be auctioned", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has decided to auction marble worth several hundred crores that was seized during Monday's sealing drive on MG Road. The authority has now decided to auction tons of the stones that are still lying by the roadside. The procedure for the auction has already started and a notification will be released within this week. More than 70 marble shops were functioning out of MG Road violating the norms. HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar , who led the sealing drive from the front, said that a committee of department engineers has been formed to oversee the auction. \"Almost every shopkeeper had occupied five times more land than permitted in the lease. Some of them went to the extent of sub-letting the land around their shops.We have got videography done for material evidence. Now on, it will be tracked from time to time\" said HUDA chief Praveen Kumar. While the exact value of the seized marble couldn't be ascertained, traders said that stones worth hundreds of crores have been confiscated. Some shopkeepers even tried to reach out to the HUDA chief to get the marbles released, but didn't succeed. Shopkeepers said that Kumar's move was draconian and they would approach the court for relief. Interestingly, the area around MG Road comes under the jurisdiction of Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon and many had criticized Kumar for launching a drive in an area outside his authority. HUDA officials, however, said that all the proceedings that come out of the auction will be submitted in the MCG's official account and the corporation will be free to use the funds for the welfare activities according to its wishes.The area around MG Road had emerged as a marble trading hub not only in Gurgaon but in the entire NCR. It was sealed on Monday morning when the HUDA administrator, along with corporation officials and policemen, carried out a day-long drive. No trucks laden with marbles were allowed to load or unload. \"The shopkeepers were warned in advance to vacate the illegal occupation. But many of them didn't pay heed to the notice,\" said Kumar. Meanwhile, efforts were on to get alternative land for marble trading in the city. A source in the city administration said that a portion of land in Sector 33 and 34 may be given for this purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11472118", "title": "Nehru Jacket finds place among the world's top political fashion", "text": "NEW YORK: The stylish 'Nehru jacket' popularised by India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru's has been listed among the top global political fashion statements.Nehru's attire has found place in the list that includes the tracksuit of Cuba's communist leader Fidel Castro's and former Chinese leader Mao Zedong's safari suit, according to the Time magazine.\"The Nehru jacket is a descendant of the northern Indian achkan, a closed-neck, coat like garment usually considered court dress for Indian nobility.Indeed, it was when the jacket was marketed to Western audiences that it took the \"Nehru\" title, the charismatic Prime Minister having popularised its style in public appearances during his tenure in the government,\" according to the magazine.Nehru wasn't the only prominent figure associated with it; the minimalist aesthetic of the jacket inspired the likes of the Beatles (who wore the style at their Shea Stadium performance) as well as Sammy Davis Jr, who claimed to own more than 200 of the jackets, according to the publication.Similarly, the report said, Mao Zedong also started a fashion trend. Labelled in China as the \"Zhongshan suit\" after Chinese revolutionary Sun Yat-sen, Mao brought the four-pocketed tunic back into style during his 30-year reign, earning it the nickname \"Mao suit.\"\"Today the suit, which is almost always pictured in a stale gray, green or blue color, tends to be representative of communism as well as Mao himself,\" says the report.The look began to fall out of fashion after Mao's death in 1976 and now Chinese leaders are more likely to wear Western business suits, except perhaps during important state ceremonies, in rural China or among young urbanites.So also, the former leader of Cuba has been seen in tracksuits ever since he was photographed wearing a red, white and blue Adidas version while recovering from surgery in 2006.Since then, the possibly ailing 85-year-old has expanded his athletic wear to include other brands, such as Fila, Puma and Nike -- the last of which, may we point out, is barred from being sold in Cuba due to the 40-year-old US trade embargo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11468456", "title": "City to remember Saint Tyagaraja today", "text": "COIMBATORE: Saint Thyagaraj will be remembered in the city with musical tributes on Friday. The events coincide with the Tyagaraja Aradhana set to culminate on Friday in Thiruvaiyaru, where the samadhi of Carnatic music's greatest icon, is situated.At Venugopalaswamy temple on Sullivan Street, concerts will be held. Week-long celebrations coinciding with Tyagaraja jayanthi have been held here for the over 50 years now. '\"Bombay Sisters' will perform and Pancharatna kritis will be sung. Singers will go in a procession singing songs composed by the great poet,\" said Vaidyanatha Krishnan, one of the organizers of the festival.At the Chintamani Nagar Siddhivinayagar Temple in Saibaba Colony a tribute is planned. \"We celebrate the festival in the name of Tyagarajar and Sangeetha Pithamagar Purantheeswarar. The festival was first organized by K S Sivaramakrishnan, retired principal of Government Music College, Coimbatore,\" said K S Raghunath, mridangam expert.\"If you go to any concert in Chennai or any other place, 60% of all songs sung will be by Tyagaraja. That is the kind of importance he enjoys in Carnatic music and is virtually the man who laid its foundation,\" says Ram Ganeshan, who sung on Thursday at the Tyagaraja festival held in Chinmaya Vidyalaya Matric Higher Secondary School, Vadavalli. The school, which teaches classical music in primary classes, had organized the function for the first time.The Tyagaraja Day started in Chinmaya School at 4pm with the formal lighting of the lamps and prayer songs by the children. A concert by Ganeshan, accompanied by Jayaprakash on the violin and Vishnu on the mridangam, followed. Senior children from the school who have been trained in Carnatic music sang the Tyagaraja Pancharatna kriti, \"Entharo Mahanubhavulu\". As it happened to be Vaikuntha Ekadashi, a few verses from Narayaneeyam were also recited. Thereafter, a talk on the greatness of Tyagaraja, the uniqueness of the raga concept in Indian music and the importance of music in life was held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468404", "title": "JNNURM proposes, GHMC disposes", "text": "HYDERABAD: A year after diverting a major portion of the Rs 44.26 crore funds sanctioned under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) for the 'Save Musi' project to construct rubber dams and bridges across the Musi river, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) is billing the Centre Rs 60.13 crore for the project.The JNNURM funds were sanctioned by the urban development ministry in 2005 under the `Save Musi' (Musi Revitalisation Project) that included the construction of retaining wall from Moosarambagh causeway to Chaderghat causeway, sectioning of the Musi river from Nayapul to Muslim Jung bridge, provision of promenades between Shivaji bidge and Muslim Jung bridge including landscaping and repairs, restoration of bridges and provision of roads, culverts, drainage, footpaths and tiles to the north and south corridors of Musi.However, the funds were diverted and used for constructing rubber dams and bridges, contrary to the original plan. Now, on the eve of the release of the fourth installment of the funds for the 'Save Musi' project, the corporation has revised the proposals to Rs 60.13 crore from the original Rs 44.26 crore sanctioned by the Centre. While the Centre takes care of 35 per cent of the project cost, 15 per cent is accounted for by the state government and the balance 50 per cent by the municipal corporation. The GHMC had to deviate from the sanctioned works because the retaining wall could not be constructed due to encroachments on the Moosarambagh-Chaderghat causeway, especially the south corridor. Instead, a new bridge was constructed across the Musi connecting both the south and north corridors to ease the congestion on the north corridor towards Golnaka. In yet another diversion of the sanctioned funds, another bridge is being constructed on the surplus nala of the Hussainsagar.Apart from this, to maintain the water level in the Musi, two rubber dams, one opposite the AP High Court and another opposite Salar Jung Museum are being constructed. Now, with the Centre slated to release the funds under JNNURM for the fourth quarter, the GHMC has asked the state level coordinator of AP Urban Finance and Infrastructure Development Corporation (APUFIDC) to consider the construction of the two rubber dams and other works under JNNURM and release the funds for the same. However, in turn, the APUFIDC has asked the GHMC to get the approval of the state-level sanctioning committee of the JNNURM for its request to be considered.GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh told TOI that the proposal of revised 'Save Musi' project will be placed before the state level committee on January 16 and hoped there would not be any hurdles in getting clearance for the funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11469865", "title": "From horror to erotica and colours of life!", "text": "Friday the 13th. Enter, # 13 Margosa Mahal... It's a hair-raising experience and involves tickling all the 5 senses. Granted it's a play, but the intent is, well horrific! Actor PD Sathish Chandra first wanted to stage this play on November 13 last year. The play, of course, opened to brimming and beyond-house full. \"But for various reasons, we missed the date with 13th,\" says Sathish adding, \"This year, we're keeping the date with horror, and so are staging it today, in April and then in July at Kala Soudha. All performances on Friday the 13th!\"Sathish had seen several thrillers, but never a horror play in Bangalore. \"The idea was to, well, get into your flesh, and we designed this 5D experience. Of course, we are staging it only thrice , because the cost of putting up the sets is whopping,\" guffaws Sathish.# 13 Margosa Mahal Today, at KH Kala Soudha, 7.30pmEnter the dragonAs we sit upright, The Golden Dragon enters to lift you with laughter and drown you in tears. You could return to the dragon's fold, starting today, all the way through to the 29th of this month. \"It's part of our season play series in our intent to give audiences enough days to choose from to watch a performance,\" says Arundhati Raja, founder of Jagriti theatre. \"I watched the Golden Dragon at Edinburgh , liked it immensely, so invited the German performers to Bangalore. Five actors play so many different roles... it's fun at times and sad at times...\"The Golden Dragon Jan 13 to 29 at Jagriti, Whitefield. Show Timings: Thursday to Saturday - 8pm, Sunday - 3pm and 6.30pm. No performance on Mondays.Eternal colours of a painterThe essence of life comes alive, just the way Rumale Chennabasaviah has captured the flower, Star of Bethlehem , at its prime, within its shortlifespan of two hours at midnight. Sanjay M Kabe, Rumale's foster son, has exhibited a collection of watercolours by Karnataka's own Michaelangelo . \"I refer to him as Angelo because Rumale was a man of many avatars - freedom fighter, social worker , legislator and editor of a newspaper ,\" says Sanjay. \"He dabbled in so many things before he became a fulltime artist, and then walked 15 km every day, to observe and paint his subjects,\" says Sanjay Today, the yellow bloom, painted by Rumale in 1977, wears the same hues as it did decades ago. As you stand at NGMA observing this life-sized drama of watercolours , Rumale's works come alive, fresh and vibrant.Varna Mythri - Rumale Chennabasaviah, a centenary perspective at NGMA, Palace Road, 10am to 5pm.Gender-centricAnd life seems normal, almost ecstatic. Even as two queer writers Minal Hajratwala and Kazim Ali, resist the idea of being normal. \"Minal writes about the unicorn and Kazim is experimental - both push the boundaries of gender ,\" says Kareem Khubchandani, member of the LGBT community. In an attempt to raise a voice in Bangalore, not much of which has been done since the flag march last November, these writers turn the spotlight on windy, enjoyable, fun, sexy and bordering on erotica writing, today at Page Turners. Such are the colours of life...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "perth", "code": "11472642", "title": "WACA curator Cam Sutherland defends staff", "text": "PERTH: The WACA curator Cam Sutherland described the images of people walking and drinking on the Test pitch last night as \"unfortunate\" but insisted he and his staff were only inspecting the \"aesthetics\" of the wicket before Friday's match.On the eve of the third Test between India and Australia, Indian television showed images of around a dozen WACA staff standing, drinking and lying on the pitch as Sutherland did a final inspection at around 7.30 pm local time.Sutherland expressed disappointment that he and his colleagues were made to look unprofessional by the television that appeared to show up to a dozen people standing, drinking and lying on the pitch.\"I was the one that removed covers. I was out doing the work initially and a couple of my staff came out and joined me. We were the ones that were lying on the pitch and that seems to be the issue. Well, yeah, we were working on it,\" Sutherland told 'ABC Radio'.\"We had an issue when the Adelaide Strikers warmed up on it (before the) Twenty20 game on Sunday, which they weren't supposed to. So we were just looking at the aesthetics of it.\"It's too hard to do it on the morning of the game or the day before when they are doing all their markings,\" he added.The footage had upset the Indian team management and senior BCCI functionary Rajiv Shukla had said that the Cricket Australia must look into the issue.But Sutherland said the ground staff were doing the work late as he had other commitments till seven in the evening.\"The reason we were doing it so late was I had other commitments up until seven o'clock when I came back and I hadn't seen it for a few hours. I wanted to have a look and make sure everything was how I wanted it to be,\" he said.\"There were just a few little blemishes we could tie off on that night and it will give time for everything to settle. Then the next morning we can just go and give it a cut and a roll, which we have to do, and there's no issue with us sitting around the wicket on match day doing all our poking and prodding,\" said Sutherland.\"We thought there would be no one there and hard-working staff work behind the scenes in the offices who are obviously females and don't get out to the wicket, probably don't understand the Test wicket but they love the night before to go out and say, 'Geez, well done boys and this looks great' or whatever. They came out and they took off their shoes and they showed a pretty good respect.\"Someone walked across it which we saw, which is a bit unfortunate. Ten minutes later they were gone but we were still out there an hour later doing our thing. That's the thing the footage doesn't show - working on the Test wicket.\"We have been made to look unprofessional but we were trying to get it as best as possible for both sides today and that's been turned on its head,\" he added.Sutherland also said that the pitch was under his control till the time it was handed over to the ICC Friday morning.\"Up until the toss of the coin we can do anything we want to the wicket. I shouldn't say it but we could be out there this morning if we wanted to. That's our prerogative, to get a surface which we think will (produce) good Test cricket.\"As per the ICC rules, the track should be covered and cordoned off ahead of a Test match. And the official website of the West Australian Cricket Association (WACA) also lists alcohol as a prohibited item inside the stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11469775", "title": "Centre plans citizen's charter for every department", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 'aam aadmi' may soon receive services and grievance redressal in specified timeframes, with the Centre initiating the process to evolve citizen's charter for every Union government department despite the legislation concerned being stuck in political wrangling.The cabinet secretariat is in discussions with Union ministries about citizen's/client's charters to fix the services and the timeline in which they should be delivered. Services rendered by the central government, such as export-import licences, environmental and other clearances and transferring funds to states could all become time-bound now.It could revolutionise the delivery system at the Centre by putting the onus of expediting services and grievance redressal on the babu-driven establishment. The ability to keep grievances and requests endlessly pending is seen as the main reason behind corruption, with extraneous favours for officials emerging as the lubricant of the slothful machine. The infamous red tape is another manifestation of the systemic malaise.Charter Congress' political gambitThe Centre's failed attempt to push through the legislation on grievance redressal in the just-concluded winter session of Parliament seems to have added urgency to the issue. Congress seems to be keen on winding up the major 'aam aadmi' plank outside of Parliament to ensure that it has the upper hand in the anti-graft debate which has been put on the national agenda by its bugbear Anna Hazare.The stalemated law has put Congress on a weak wicket in comparison to states and regional parties which have already promulgated legislations for mandatory deadline-based service delivery. A citizen's charter without statutory backing may not be able to prescribe deterrent punishment for recalcitrant officials.The cabinet secretariat, which kickstarted the initiative in November 2011, is learnt to have fixed January-end as the deadline to clinch the issue.While most ministries have responded with 'services-and-timeline' schedules, the cabinet secretariat is using the consultation to refine the draft charters, even running them through expert bodies like Indian Institutes of Management.The performance management cell of cabinet secretariat underlined the urgency by telling ministries that \"quality citizen's/client's charters by all central departments is a significant step towards a transparent and responsive government\".The ministries, usually sceptical of moves putting them in a corner like their resistance to RTI Act, have had to respond positively. Giving them little margin to duck the charter this time, the cabinet secretariat has made citizen's charter an integral part of the Results-Framework Document, the mechanism to assess the performance of the ministry and the minister.Sources said the citizen's charter is a mandatory indicator in the RFD with 2% weightage in the current assessment year. So much so that even timely submission of the final charter is being assessed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "11468699", "title": "Keonjhar breathes easy after mining curbs", "text": "KEONJHAR: People of Keonjhar, Jajpur and Jagatsinghpur districts got a breather, literally, after mining activities and transportation of minerals from mines in Keonjhar was stopped. Mineral transportation by trucks was stopped in September because some trucks transported minerals illegally. The vehicles also increased pollution and accidents. Many illegal mines were also shut down and those operating have to now transport by trains.There are about 110 mines, including iron ore and manganese, in Keonjhar district. \"Though mining activities provide revenue to the exchequer and employment, it also has several side effects. We are happy that mineral transporation by trucks has stopped. There is less pollution, accidents and traffic jams,\" said Ramakrushna Mohapatra (65), a writer of Keonjhar.These stringent steps have added to the pristine beauty of Keonjhar. \"We visited Keonjhar after five years after we came to know that mining has stopped lessening the pollution. The district is full of tourist attractions. Tourists avoided to come here due to the pollution and traffic problems,\" said Pranab Dey, a tourist from Kolkata. \"Natural beauty once destroyed cannot be recovered for hundreds of year. Hence the government should protect and develop tourist spots,\" he added.Environmentalists are also happy. \"Earlier only mine owners, transporters, truck owners and mineral traders benefitted while over 40 lakh people of Keonjhar and other districts are suffering from pollution and traffic congestion,\" said Bimbadhara Behera, an environmentalist. \"Now people of Keonjhar are enjoying a congestion-free and pollution-free life,\" Behera added.His view was supported by Chitta Mishra, principal of D D College, Keonjhar. \"The district has become congestion-free after mineral transportation was stopped. It helps people to move freely and attracts tourists to the district. There had also been a decline in the number of road accidents,\" he said.Every year, over 250 people reportedly died in road accidents due to bad road conditions and overuse of the roads. Mineral smuggling has also stopped. The lure of minerals had brought many anti-socials and traders from other states to Keonjhar. After they wound up operations, the price of land and house rent have come down. Even the price of vegetables have come down from Rs 35 to 40 a kg to Rs 10 to 15 a kg.\"Mines and industries were mainly responsible for water pollution and destruction of forest and environment. Now the water is being discharged into the ground helping in increasing the water level. The green cover is slowly increasing,\" said Niladri Mishra, an environmentalist.But the new arrangement has not gone down well with labour organizations and truckers. There have been protests and road blockades in the recent past. Labourers are already at the receiving end with mine owners introducing heavy machines in mines rendering many jobless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11468870", "title": "Bird flu battle begins in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Mass culling of poultry birds began in Khurda district's Keranga area on Thursday. The move followed a central directive to Odisha to go ahead with the exercise to prevent the spread of avian influenza in the area, which is home to hundreds of domesticated fowls and a huge poultry farm.Around 4,000 broiler chickens and thousands of eggs were buried near the private farm on day one. Spread over nearly 15 acre, the farm housed nearly 28,000 broiler birds. In total, the government plans to kill around 35,000 poultry birds in Keranga area.\"Ten rapid reaction teams (RRT), including veterinarians, were involved in the culling exercise. It will continue till all poultry fowls in 19 villages within a 3-km radius from Keranga, the epicentre of the dreaded disease, are killed,\" said fisheries and animal resources development secretary Satyabrat Sahu.Two RRTs comprising 15 trained veterinarians and forest officers were engaged to cull the birds at the private farm. \"This was the biggest poultry farm in the area. We buried the culled birds as per the standard protocol and safety measures,\" Dr Sanjeet Kumar, nodal officer of the exercise, told TOI.There are a couple of other small poultry farms in the vicinity. \"We will soon move out to the 19 villages and cull domesticated birds. Villagers were asked to cooperate with us,\" said Kumar, an Indian Forest Service officer.Two pits, each 13 feet deep were created inside on the sprawling farm campus to bury the birds.\"We have imposed a three-month restriction on the raising of poultry birds in Keranga area. And the pits will not be opened up for the next five years,\" Khurda district collector Roopa Mishra said. \"Once the culling process is over, we would start doling out compensation announced by the government,\" she added.Earlier, tension prevailed at the culling site as the officers reached late to start the exercise. The villagers, who demolished portion of a boundary wall of the farm, razed down other concrete fences, notwithstanding heavy police deployment.The Keranga residents, many of whom are in police and military services, urged the collector to ban poultry farming in the area. \"Air pollution went up ever since the poultry raising started in the farm eight months ago. Population of deleterious insects such as flies has gone up, spreading pollution in nearby villages,\" Idrish Khan, a villager said. Five other villages with a population of nearly 4,000, surround Keranga village.The villagers are livid that the poultry farm led to the death of a number of chickens, hens and ducks in the vicinity. \"Not less than 400 poultry birds died in the last 10 days. We suspect the birds died of avian influenza, which originated from the farm,\" Sheikh Nasim, another villager said.The collector said: \"I will look into the demand of the villagers.\"Nodal officer of fisheries and animal resources department Gopal Tripathy denied of receiving fresh positive bird flu cases in Odisha on Thursday. A hen, a duck and a crow were found carrying the fatal H5N1 virus recently, sources said. \"So far no human being has been affected by the bird flu virus,\" Tripathy added.The government stopped movement of poultry products into Keranga, thus depriving schoolchildren of eggs under the Midday Meal Scheme there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469497", "title": "Curb on fly-by-night NRI grooms", "text": "AHMEDABAD: NRI grooms flying down to marry Gujarati girls during this wedding season for 'chat mangni pat byah' may not be able to fly back immediately. As per new registration norms, NRI grooms will have to flash altered marital status on their passports, which is a measure to check the trend of fly-by-night weddings.Authorities have introduced these measures to curb the menace of NRIs coming and marrying local girls while on vacation in India and then dumping them just before leaving the country.Gujarat University has submitted a research on the menace of fly-by-night marriages to the state and central ministry and GOPIO authorities. And thanks to their efforts, the new rule now demands that an NRI who gets married in India has to alter his marital status on passport - a procedure which the local marriage registration bureau would do with add-on documentation on the groom's passport.Dr Neerja Arun, director of the study abroad program, Gujarat University and Group of People of Indian Origin researcher on Indian Diaspora (GOPIO), who led the research on the menace of such marriages, said, \"Due to alarming rise in failures of NRI weddings, we conducted a detailed research on what makes NRI grooms to come to India to get married. And we found that in majority of the cases it is parental pressure. NRI boys who are visiting their parents during holidays are often pressurized to marry a local girl. And hence they lack moral guts; they get into a marriage without taking it seriously and often do not get into legalities of registrations. On completion of holidays, they go away and their brides keep waiting. These abandoned - destitute women can not even file for a divorce as they are often helpless and do not know which legal route to take.\"Researchers at the Gujarat University focused on this growing menace and submitted a detailed report to ministry of overseas Indians affairs (MOIA), Pravasi Dekh-Rekh Samiti, NGO in New Delhi and GOPIO about three years ago.With this, the central ministry issued an add-on to the existing norms which now require NRI grooms getting married in India to get their marital status on passports altered before they leave, informed J C Sharma, former secretary of Union ministry of external affairs and a high-level committee of Indian Diaspora who was recently in city to inaugurate the local GOPIO chapter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11468731", "title": "Exams on, so let them stay: Goa Board", "text": "PANAJI: The January second term exam for Class X and XII students will not be cancelled as the general body meeting Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education decided it would be best if the exam stayed as many schools had already begun conducting them.The exam, introduced by the board during the current academic year, is being vehemently opposed by students, parents and schools. Sources said board members on Thursday considered arguments made in a memorandum by students, schools and parents, and were of the view that scrapping the exam at this stage, as demanded, would lead to confusion.Students had argued in their representation that they are being overburdened by the exam as they would be answering their preliminary board exams immediately after the January exam.The preliminary exam will be followed by the Class X and XII board exams.Board members were of the opinion that conduct of preliminary exams was optional for schools as they are held only as preparation for the final exam and can be skipped by schools if they felt their students are overburdened, sources said.The second term exam was introduced by the Goa Board as it was thought that it would give students an opportunity to be evaluated for the second term syllabus as well. Earlier, students would answer the first term exams followed by the preliminary exams and there was no opportunity to assess their understanding of the second term portion.Board members felt that this exam would also help as the students' score in the test would be added to the internal assessment component in the final score along with the marks scored at the first term exam under the new grading system. The additional marks will help improve scores, board members believed.Board members also saw no basis to the argument made by schools that they were informed about conducting the exam as late as November 2011. It was also discussed that some schools were trying to avoid the exam stating that the circular had not reached them on time, which was not a fact.Goa lad gets 99.82 percentile at CATWith a percentile score of 99.82 at the common admission test (CAT), Margao lad Aniruddha Jaju has received calls from all IIM's for a seat and will be attending interviews in February and March. Aniruddha's first choice would be IIM Ahmedabad with second preference for IIM Calcutta. He is currently working in Bangalore. P 2", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "secunderabad", "code": "11468281", "title": "Lukewarm response from visitors to R P Nilayam", "text": "SECUNDERABAD: There was a marked drop in the number of visitors to Rashtrapathi Nilayam in Bolarum this time during the period it was open to the general public from January 7 to 12. In contrast to the 64,000 people who visited the premises when it was open for 10 days last year, only 17,000 people visited it during the seven-day period it was open now.Explaining the fall in attendance, Rashtrapathi Nilayam in-charge N Mahesh Babu said many schools were conducting half-yearly examinations. Besides, the cold weather too could have played spoilsport, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11469262", "title": "We will offer seats to Dalit leaders: CM", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after negotiations with the NCP for the crucial BMC elections were tied up, embattled chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has drafted a plan to woo Dalit leaders and voters.\"Initially it appeared to be a difficult task, but we pursued the NCP to contest the BMC polls jointly. Since the Congress policy is to take all sections of the society with the party, we are now interacting with senior Dalit leaders. Though there is no commitment, we are sure they will join us. If they agree, Congress will offer them seats from its own quota,'' Chavan told TOI in an exclusive interview at his official residence Varsha on Thursday.Elaborating on the electoral understanding with the NCP, Chavan said since all previous attempts to join hands with the NCP, particularly in the 2002 and 2007 elections, had failed, it was assumed that an agreement between the two parties may not be reached this time as well. \"I discussed the proposal for an alliance with all MPs and legislators from Mumbai. When each and every one of them agreed, we took it up with the NCP. With a common goal to dislodge the saffron combine from the BMC, we decided to contest the polls jointly,'' Chavan said.For the Congress, Chavan said gaining control over Mumbai and Thane municipal corporations was of paramount importance. \"All municipal corporations are equally important for us, but securing BMC and TMC will have a bigger political significance. We will be able to send a message across the nation that we have dislodged communal forces.\"On the sharing of seats, the CM admitted that there was a dispute, but was confident of resolving it amicably. \"I have been told that there is a dispute over certain seats. The NCP has asked for exchange of seats with the Congress. We will look into the matter, but it should not be a cause of worry.''Chavan said a joint manifesto and campaign programme have been proposed for the BMC polls. \"We feel that since we are contesting the polls jointly, there should be a joint manifesto. Similarly, a massive joint rally will be held to launch the campaign and also on the last day of campaigning,'' he said.Though Chavan did not rule out rebellion, he felt that it will not have any adverse impact on the alliance. \"Even if they win, we will not require their assistance, since we will have big numbers.\"The low-profile CM said if one takes a cursory glance at the outcome of the 2002 and 2007 civic polls, he would conclude that owing to the division of votes, the BMC was entrusted to the Shiv Sena . \"We lost to the saffron combine in 2002 and 2007 since we contested the polls independently... We have learnt lessons from the past; we will not make the same mistake again,'' Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468495", "title": "City stares at water scarcity", "text": "HYDERABAD: With groundwater levels sinking due to scanty rainfall, there has been an unprecedented demand for water tankers from across the city even in this winter season.According to sources, the Water Board normally supplies a tanker to a consumer within six hours of booking. Now, due to the high demand, customers are being forced to wait from 24 to 48 hours for the tanker to arrive at their doorstep. Besides, the Water Board has also made it mandatory that it responds to only those customers who have 'CAN' (customer account number) to book the tanker through 'Dial-a-Tanker' service.The board collects Rs 400 for supplying 5,000 litres of water from the domestic customers and Rs 515 from commercial customers. \"During the last month, we recorded a total of 7,859 bookings for tankers. In the 12 days of this month (till Thursday), we have already received 2,966 bookings,\" a senior HMWS&SB; official told TOI.Reflecting the worrying rise in demand, in contrast to 14,353 bookings for the water tanker registered last April, the bookings shot up to 26,201 in May 2011. This time around, the number of bookings has already shot up despite the summer season being some months away. The demand has been high from the areas of Banjara Hills, Jubilee Hills, Punjagutta, Somajiguda, SR Nagar, Erragadda, Sanathnagar, KPHB Colony, Moosapet and Hasmathpet.At present, the board is supplying water through 450 tankers from around 90 filling points in the city. Water is supplied through another 100 tankers to slum areas free of cost, the official said.Regarding revenue generation from the water tankers, chief general manager D Sundar Rami Reddy said, \"We used to get Rs 80 lakh per month between July and February, but due to the huge demand now, we have already netted Rs 1.5 crore last month. By summer, we expect to generate Rs two to three crore per month,\" he said.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468107", "title": "Police rescue 10 women from GB Road area", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ten women have been rescued from the GB Road on Thursday. NGO Rescue Foundation had tipped-off the police regarding the racket.The victims were allegedly confined in the basement of one of the houses in the area. According to police, the women had been trafficked for prostitution.The women belong to different parts of the country. Eight came from Bengal, one from Bihar and another one from Andhra Pradesh. \"A team, under the supervision of SHO Pramod Joshi, raided the area and rescued the girls. A case of illegal trafficking has been registered at the Kamla Market police station,\" said a senior cop.Most of the girls are in the age group of 18-20 years, police said. The cops are awaiting the medical report to ascertain that no girl was a minor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11462621", "title": "Ankush Chaudhary\u2019s triple act", "text": "Actor Ankush Chaudhary speaks to Nashik Times about his role as the director of ZhakaasThe good newsnews is that his directorial abilities are being recognised and appreciated by the audiences. As the director of film Zhakaas, he says, \"It's been a lot of hard work. The humour in the film is evergreen. It is new for today's generation and will always remain fresh for forthcoming generations as well.\"Zhakaas, incidentally, is not his first directorial venture. In 2007, Ankush co-directed the film Sade Made Tin starring Ashok Saraf, Bharat Jadhav and Makrand Anaspure.Having worked as an assistant director for several movies enriched Ankush's experience in the field of direction. He reveals, \"I assisted Kedar Shinde for Jatra and Agabai Arrechcha. I got to work as an assistant choreographer as well and choreographed some fight sequences.\"For Zhakaas, Ankush seems to have taken efforts to get a fit bod. \"The three actresses in my film - Amruta Khanvilkar, Sai Tamhankar and Pooja Sawant are all size zero. They are so slim that I had to reduce to appear suit able in my role opposite them. On the contrary, in my last film Pratibimb, I was working with Sonali Kulkarni and to complement her, I had to put on weight. You can say that my fitness is as per the requirement of the film's actress,\"he laughs.Whilst in the city, he says that Nashik, the wine capital of India, is very dear to him. \"The film Sawarkhed - Ek Gaav made me a hero in the true sense. That film was shot mostly in Nashik and by the city-based director Rajiv Patil.\" I often stop by at Diwtya Budhlya or Sahiba while in Nashik.Gayatri Deshmukh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11469309", "title": "Clerics oppose Rushdie", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Muslim clerics have justified the protest of Muslims against Salman Rushdie's visit to India. The clerics said Rushdie is the \"hated\" one for using derogatory language against the Prophet. The clerics said it is not to be tolerated for Muslims. It is well within the right of Muslims to protest against the man. India is a secular country and every citizen, here, has the right to voice his opinion. Therefore, every Muslim should oppose the visit of the man who used derogatory words against the Prophet.Rushdie is expected to attend the Jaipur Literary festival later this month. But, the country's top Islamic seminary, Darul Uloom, Deoband, has demanded that the author should not be allowed entry. Darul-Uloom has appealed to the Centre and the UPA chairperson, Sonia Gandhi , to deny Rushdie a visa, saying that \"the man whose blasphemous writings have hurt the sentiments of Muslims all over the world must not be allowed to set foot on Indian soil\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468370", "title": "Nursery rush due to govt drives: Sheila", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit believes the scramble for the limited nursery seats is not so much due to lack of schools but because of the awareness campaigns launched by her government.Speaking on the floor of the House, Dikshit said, \"These days one is seeing news items highlighting how parents are worried over children not getting admissions in schools. This is happening because our government has been building awareness that children from all sections of society must go to school. Hence, now all parents want their children to go to school.\" Dikshit was speaking about the strides towards development in various fields, including infrastructure, education and power.The nursery admission process started in the city with sale and submission of forms on Janaury 2. Schools will accept application forms till January 16, after which a list of selected candidates is likely to be declared on February 1. However, finding a nursery seat is toughest for first-generation parents in the city as most sought-after schools give preference to wards of alumni and sibling of an existing student. Neighbourhood is another important criterion in selection.Diksha Gautam, a parent from Model Town, said, \"I am seeking admission for my first child. I don't have any good schools in my area and my daughter's chances to get through a school in central Delhi are slim. The government schools in the vicinity cannot even be considered, given their infrastructure and poor management. So what is the option left for me?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "perth", "code": "11468140", "title": "Dhoni may quit Test cricket to defend World Cup title", "text": "PERTH: Team India skipper MS Dhoni hinted again on Thursday that he might give up playing Test cricket if he has to lead India's challenge in the 2015 World Cup. However, he made it clear that he would take a call on this issue by the end of next year.\"If I want to see the 2015 World Cup, I'll have to retire from one of the formats,\" Dhoni said. \"It's too early right now. I am not that old. I am just 30. There is still time. We will see at the end of 2013.\"Dhoni, who had also indicated after India's World Cup triumph last year that he may not be around for the next edition, didn't rule out that possibility.\"I will take it as it comes. I would have to see where I stand when it comes to my body, whether I will be able to survive until the 2015 World Cup,\" he said.Dhoni explained the rationale behind his line of thinking.\"Look, I cannot be playing till 2014 and then suddenly say I can't continue till the World Cup. If I do, then you'll have a new wicketkeeper coming in who would be going to the World Cup having played not more than 30 international games. So by the end of 2013, I need to decide if I am fit enough to proceed in one of the formats. I want the individual taking my place should've played at least 60 to 100 ODIs before going into the World Cup.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11467408", "title": "Saina Nehwal stages brilliant comeback in Malaysia", "text": "HYDERABAD: Overcoming initial jitters Saina Nehwal stamped her class with a straight-game - 21-19, 21-8 - victory against Shao Chieh Cheng of Chinese Taipei to make it to the quarterfinals of the Malaysia Open Super Series in Kuala Lumpur on Thursday.The 21-year old made a brilliant rally in the first game and then overpowered her opponent in the second. In the first, Saina was staring down the barrel as Shao was just two points away (19-15) from clinching the game. It was here Saina slowed down the pace of the game.In fact Saina was surprised at the way her opponent raced ahead to 6-1, 14-9 and 19-15. The Taipei girl started on an attacking note playing smashes and drops at will. Saina had been trying to stop her and succeeded in the end by engaging her in long rallies.She caught her opponent on the back hand and once Shao was not allowed to get winners at will she lost patience and made mistakes. Saina stopped the finalist of the World Championships at 19 and produced six consecutive winners to clinch the first game at 21-19.Distraught after losing the first game from a winning position, Shao lost her rhythm and surrendered meekly in the second. Saina started with a 3-0 lead and widened the gap to 11-4 by the break. Saina showed her finesse at the net as she secured 10 winners to dominate the opponent. She gave only four points after the break before wrapping up the contest at 21-8.In the quarters on Friday, the Indian will have a tough outing against two-time All England champion Tine Baun of Denmark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11470434", "title": "Censor posts or face China-like ban: Delhi high court to websites", "text": "NEW DELHI: Refusing to stay criminal proceedings against Google and Facebook, the Delhi high court on Thursday warned they may be \"blocked\" if they fail to devise a mechanism to check and remove objectionable contents from their webpages.\"Like China, we too can block such websites,\" Justice Suresh Kait remarked during the hearing when counsel for Google and Facebook harped on their global policy of non-interference even if contents posted on their webpages are found to be obscene or objectionable. The court, however, told the internet firms that this policy won't work in India.Senior lawyer Mukul Rohatgi, appearing for Google India, said postings which are \"obscene, objectionable and defamatory\" cannot be \"filtered\" or \"monitored\". \"No human interference is possible. Moreover, it can't be feasible to check such incidents. Billions of people post their articles on the website. They may be defamatory and obscene, but cannot be checked,\" he argued, while trying to distinguish between Google India and its US-based holding firm Google Inc.\"The US-based Google Inc is the service provider not me (Google India) and hence, we are not liable for the action of my holding company,\" Rohtagi said. He, however, assured the court that if the complainant, Vinay Rai, provided defamatory articles to Google India, then it can use \"its good office\" in getting them removed by its US firm.Additional solicitor general A S Chandhiok, appearing for the Centre, objected to Google's plea saying the US-based firm has \"sufficient mechanism\" to know that what is an offending material.Advocate Siddharth Luthra, appearing for Facebook India, questioned the authenticity of the documents provided by the complainant. \"We do not know as to how the documents came into being. They are not in complaince with the Evidence Act,\" he said. He also argued that Facebook cannot be held accountable for the acts of the third parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11469650", "title": "Hooch trade: Action against brick-kiln owners too", "text": "VARANASI: The IG Range, R P Singh , issued an order on Thursday, to initiate legal action even against those brick-kiln owners where labourers working at the kilns are found operating illicit liquor trade. The IG issued this instruction to the police heads of all districts of the range while asking them to launch a joint operation, along with the excise department, to put a check on the manufacturing and trading of illicit liquor.Earlier, during a review of previous cases of action initiated by the excise department and police, the IG Range commented that sparing brick-kiln owners while lodging cases against the labourers engaged in manufacturing hooch at the same kilns was allowing this trade to flourish.This practice of manufacturing hooch at brick-kilns and its trading from makeshift homes of the labourers working there is not an overnight phenomenon. The brickkiln owners arrange labourers for their unit with the help of contractors. Such contractors arrange cheap labourers from the tribal belts of Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh, who consider the manufacturing of 'kachchi daru' (illicit liquor manufactured with rice or Mahua) as their traditional occupation.Recently, when the TOI had visited many such brick-kilns to expose these malpractices, it had come to light that in order to make the labourers stay in their employ (as they are paid quite low wages), the owners allow them to manufacture and sell hooch.The traders, though, do not get any monetary benefits for 'patronising' this trade. When district excise officer, Dheeraj Singh, was contacted, he said that as the involvement of brick-kiln owners is hard to establish during the raids, action is not initiated them. This loophole results in re-starting of same practice, immediately after the raids of excise department sleuths are over. The DEO said that this problem mainly exists at seven identified brick-kilns.Raids have also been conducted at other brick-kilns, but no illegal practices have been detected there so far. Further, the excise officials consider that until the need for amendment in the UP Excise Act, 1910 is realised by the state government, checking this malpractice would remain quite tough. The department initiates action against the persons engaged in this trade under section 60 of the UP Excise Act, 1910, as per which the manufacturing and trading of illicit liquor is a bailable offence.After arrest, most of the manufacturers and traders of illicit liquor are released on bail on the spot. During prosecution, they confess to their crime after which they are to be released on paying a fine of mere Rs 500) or face three months' imprisonment. The DEO said that between April and December in 2010, as many as 2,382 raids were conducted, during which 21,321 litres of illicit liquor was seized while 1,420 persons were arrested.During same comparative period in 2011, as many as 2,511 raids were conducted, during which 21,200 litres of illicit liquor was seized and 1,575 were arrested. The raids are conducted in the same 30 pockets, including the Kanjad Basti of Phoolpur, Badagaon, Paranapur Kanjad Basti in Chaubeypur, Kanudih and Dulhipur area in Shuvpur in rural belt and slums of Maldahiya and Senpura in city area, where the manufacturing of illicit liquor continues.The DEO said that in view of assembly elections, the drive to check the hooch manufacturing and its trading had already been launched. But now, the IG has said a drive would be conducted jointly with police and to discourage this trade, and even the brick-kiln owners would not be spared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468217", "title": "\u2018Clean\u2019 Hussainsagar still a distant dream", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over six years and Rs 130 crore later, the Hussainsagar Lake still stinks. The much-hyped 'Hussainsagar Lake and Catchment Area Improvement Project', launched in 2006 by the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) in collaboration with the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), was trumpeted as an initiative that would improve the health of Hyderabad's most important water body. But barely 11 months away from its original date of completion now, the project has done little good for the lake. On the contrary, it has sent the pollution levels in the water body skyrocketing and even shrunk its water spread area by over 25%. The original size of the lake was 550 hectares.In fact, records available with the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board (APPCB) show that the average pH level (acidic content of the lake) in Hussainsagar that was not more than 8 (on average) before 2006, crossed the 8.5 point mark over the next few years and even touched 9 in 2011. Similarly, the water body's oxygen content too dropped significantly from 3.9 in 2006 to below 3 in 2011. The optimum level is 4.\"This steep rise in pollution can to a large extent be attributed to the mismanagement of the JICA project (as it is popularly known as) and its flawed execution,\" said city environmentalist S Jeevanand Reddy, who had raised concerns about the effectiveness of the Rs 315 crore-worth venture when it was first announced in 2006. That Reddy's claim had its merits is evident now. In fact, a close look at the current state of the project reveals that it has failed to meet any of the goals it had set out to achieve. Here's a quick reality check:* The JICA project, as per the original plan, was expected to \"construct and upgrade sewerage treatment plants (STP) in five locations and even construct sewer lines\". However, till date, not a single STP is ready. HMDA officials say that three of the major STPs (one with a capacity of 20 mld and two of 15 mld) are currently under construction.* Desilting/dredging and disposal of sediments, as was promised in the plan, too is yet to see the light of the day. This, some say, is because the HMDA is still working out the 'economics' of the work. Officials said there are various concerns that need to be addressed and it is not easy to deal with urban land issues. Activists had earlier suggested that the sediment be dumped in Dundigal (where there is a scientific dumping land) as dumping it within the city would lead to further environmental concerns. But it is a cost-intensive exercise and the works are yet to take off.* The construction of solid waste management facilities and public toilets are proposals that are still only on paper.While all this remains to be addressed, the government body has taken up the development of an 'ecological park', also part of the JICA project (to beautify the surroundings of the lake), further irking social activists fighting to save the water body. \"The park project cuts into a neat seven acres of Hussainsagar's area and is in gross violation of a 2005 report (submitted by a special committee appointed by the Supreme Court) which had clearly noted that no work apart from the greening of buffer zones was allowed to be taken up around the lake,\" said Jasveen Jairath, founder convener of Save Our Urban Lakes (SAVE), that has been battling to get this project scrapped. While work here is currently under wraps, due to a pending litigation, activists fear that it may be resumed at any moment.But HMDA authorities seem completely oblivious to these glaring gaps in the multi-crore project. When contacted Sunil Kumar Gupta, in-charge of the JICA venture said, \"The project though announced in 2006, took off only in 2008-09 due to a delay in appointing consultants and clearing various other land-related issues.\" Gupta even disputed the project closure date cited on JICA's official website (as December, 2012) and said that it would be completed by March 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11467414", "title": "After leopard, stag comes to Panchkula", "text": "PANCHKULA: Just a fortnight after a leopard strayed into a house in Sector 10, Panchkula, on Thursday morning a stag wandered into a house of Sector 9, Panchkula. The wild animal was spotted entering a house in the sector by a passerby, who bolted the house gate from outside and informed the officials of wildlife department.Sources in police said, around 10.15am a passerby noticed a stag entering a house. The house owner, Sajjan Kumar, was not at home, so he informed the police and wildlife officials.Meanwhile Kumar also returned. Sources added, \"The animal was found with minor injuries indicating that it had been attacked by stray dogs before it hid itself in the house.\"After over two hours, the wildlife officials were able to tranquilize the animal. Later, it was released into Morni forest area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11469034", "title": "CP suspends subinspector for misbehaviour", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay suspended a subinspector on Thursday after his misbehaviour at the police station was reported to him last week. Rajendra Kshirsagar, who had completed his probation recently, apparently had a scuffle with a lawyer at Jaripatka police station over some dispute.Sources said that lawyer Dinesh Bagade and his wife Vaishali had gone to the police station to collect documents of an accidental death case when PSI Kshirsagar was on duty. Kshirsagar had refused to hand over the required documents to the Bagades, citing legal provisions and administrative reasons. This led to a heated argument which ended in a scuffle. Bagade was apparently manhandled during this.A delegation of lawyers from the District Bar Association met CP Dhanvijay with the complaint the next day. An offence was registered against the PSI at Jaripatka police station for simple assault and related charges. Dhanvijay had urged deputy commissioner of police (Zone II) Ambadas Pote to conduct an enquiry into the matter. Kshirsagar was suspended following the detailed report of the enquiry.Sources said Dhanvijay had suspended the officer to underline his attempts to give the cops a friendly outlook at the police station for a better public interaction. Dhanvijay had started schemes like welcome desk and drinking water facility at police stations to improve the image of the department. He has also been conducting communal harmony programmes for police-public coordination.An officer said that the CP was upset over the episode but the decision was taken after the enquiry report was submitted to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11468850", "title": "Manipuri women take the lead to fight injustice", "text": "IMPHAL: Does the 'empowered Manipuri woman' actually exist or is the phrase just a myth? Even though the world sees the militancy-ravaged, but culturally-advanced and sport powerhouse, state as one of the few places in the country where women are truly free and respected, the womenfolk of Manipur - 'Nupi' in the Meitei dialect - still see themselves as victims.Issues like domestic violence, HIV, sexual assault, gang rape, murder and now human trafficking still plague the women of the state. This perhaps explains why Manipur is home to numerous women-empowerment groups - there is one for HIV-positive women, another for widows of conflict, and another for victims of domestic violence. But these organistaions have not been able to shift the world's focus from shocking incidents - including recent naked protests by elderly Meitei women against rapes by Assam Rifles. Manipuri women, along with the rest of the country, now looks in awe at the fast by Irom Sharmila Chanu, the \"Iron Lady of Manipur\", who for the last 11 years has been protestiong the imposition of Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act.Sobita Mangsatabam, secretary of Women Action for Development (WAD), said: \"An outsider sees the women on Manipur as the most empowered lot. The reality, however, is completely different. We are caught between state and non-state actors. Women are victimised and the real culprits are protected.\"Mangsatabam has a point. According to data compiled by the organisation from various newspapers and media outlets, there were 15 cases of rape, four rapes and murders, eight rape attempts, 19 suicides, seven murders, one murder attempt and 13 assaults on women in 2011. Also, 71 women were reported missing and five others abandoned in the year gone by.L Brajeshwori Devi, co-convenor of the Conflict Widows' Forum , said: \"Widows are looked down upon. It is the same story for widows of even policemen killed in encounters with militants. There is no respect. The in-laws torture and drive out the widowed daughter in-law and often the women face sexual harassment from the in-laws.\"Mangsatabam added: \"The victims are only compensated by the government but then the culprits are set free. We have never tasted democracy, we have only smelt it.\" According to her, in the last 10 years, with the Congress at the helm, the issue of crime against women was raised in the assembly only once. \"The historic day was December 20,2011, when the outgoing assembly sat for the last time. We submitted a memorandum to each of those legislators to raise the issue of crime against woman and CPI legislator N Mangi took it up before the house. It was first time in 10 years that the chief minister spoke on the plight of the women in the state.\"Though Mangi recommended the state to set up of an effective investigating agency to deal with the menace, the various women-empowerment groups have now decided to take the matter into their own hands. Long before the ruling Congress was finalising its strategy to retain power in the state, Manipur's women wrote to party president Sonia Gandhi urging her to end \"crimes against humanity\".As many as six women's groups - including Conflict Widows' Forum, Christian Network of Positive Women, Survivors' Action for Human Rights, and Domestic Violence Survivors' Group - staged a demonstration at Imphal's Palace Compound on January 8 urging the state to set up an extra-ordinary court to deal with cases of crimes against women and children.With the January 28 polls around the corner, members of WAD are organising training camps across constituencies. \"We are urging people, particularly women, not to vote for those who offer money. We must elect the ones who has concerns for the country,\" Mangsatabam said\"Whoever forms the next government should establish a working group on violence against women and children and form a competent advisory committee with due representation of civil society members to deal with the prevailing situation. We want political parties to emphahise their stand to protect innocents women from injustices in their manifesto,\" Brajeshwori said.According to activists, there is one stark statistic that explains the plight of women -the absence of women in state politics. \"There was just one woman in the last assembly, and she was the chief minister's wife. She could not make a stand for woman,\" said Mangsatabam. Meitei women are actively working to change the way they live. Mangsatabam said: \"Now we have women in panchayats and councils. In the pradhan election, women and men share equal seats. We now need to make our presence felt in the assembly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "narnaul", "code": "11472391", "title": "Teacher, school manager, tempo driver held responsible for student's death", "text": "NARNAUL: Holding two members of the school staff and a tempo driver responsible for the death of a seven-year-old school child, the chief judicial magistrate at Narnaul awarded jail terms to the three.Announcing the judgment, the court sentenced school manager Navneet Kumar and a tempo driver Ramesh Kumar to one year's rigorous imprisonment while awarding jail term of three months to the class teacher, Swati.According to information, seven-year-old Varun, a resident of Mohall Keshav Nagar in Narnaul was a student of Manuj Malti High School and had died in a road accident when he was crossing the road in front of Bal Bhawan near his school, on November 6, 2006. There was a function at Bal Bhawan and the school kids had gone there on that day along with the staff.His father Laxmi Narayan was allegedly told by the school manager that Varun fell from the roof of the Bal Bhawan resulting in his death. But a day later he came to know that his son was run over by a tempo while he was crossing the road due to negligence of his teacher Swati, who was responsible for his safety and tempo driver Ramesh Kumar.Further inquiries revealed that the Bal Bhawan building had no stairs so the child could not have gone to the terrace. After this a case was registered against against the trio, school manager Navneet Kumar, teacher Swati and tempo driver Ramesh -- under Section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 279 (rash driving), 201, 202, 203 (giving false information) and 336 (endangering life or personal safety of others) of the IPC. And on Thursday the three were convicted by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "1 .aparajita ray, st joseph's college", "code": "11469697", "title": "If They Can, So Can We", "text": "1 .Aparajita Ray, St Joseph's College:The college's three campuses had dry open wells and borewells before the institution switched to rain water harvesting in early 2000. \"Our aim was to replenish groundwater and the wells so that they provided the source for watering gardens and fields. The effort proved so successful that now we have enough water in all our borewells and sumps to last an entire year. The stored water is used for cleaning, in toilets and watering gardens,\" said Maria Clementina, a student at the Post Graduate Studies Centre opposite St Joseph's Arts and Science College.The administrative officers said there are four borewells on the Arts and Science college campus, two in the PG studies centre and one big well on the Commerce college campus. Sumps at the PG centre alone have a capacity of 15,000 litres each. \"We use this water as well as recharge groundwater. RWH is the best way to conserve rain water and use water efficiently just like any other natural resource,\" said Anthony Devdas, a student at the PG centre.2 .General Post Office (GPO):The beautiful colourful garden that one can see inside the GPO compound near Dr Ambedkar Veedhi is watered by rain water of 25,000 litres. GPO is one of the first 10 iconic government buildings in Bangalore which installed RWH in 2003-04 . AR Shivakumar, principal investigator , RWH, KSCST, who had headed the project, said it was done as part of the Indo-Norwegian Environment programme . \"The building has seven pipes leading from the rooftop to a big underground sump which can store up to 25,000 litres of water. Seven PopUp filters have been used in the installation and the entire cost of installing RWH in GPO was Rs 2.62 lakh,\" said Shivakumar.The other buildings that got RWH installed as part of this programme were Vidhana Soudha, high court, Kidwai Hospital , BBMP head office, KSCST in IISc, GKVK, commissionerate of public instruction , fire station at Rajajinagar and Kengeri Beedi Workers Housing Scheme.3 .Sanjay &amp; Pratibha Singh's house:It was not because of the water board's whip that Sanjay and Pratibha installed RWH in their house, but their own conscience. \"It worried me to see rain water gushing down gutters so when we decided to build our house, we installed it. We learnt about RWH from Vishwanath S, a water expert. Their house is in Singapura near Vidyaranyapura . \"We spent Rs 5000 to build the sump. The best thing is that we used filters in some areas and in some, only rain water. We use the water for gardening and cleaning our cars.''GARBAGE TENDERSCollection and disposal of garbage is a huge challenge in Bangalore but the process itself is now being contested. The high court has directed the civic body not to finalize the process till the next hearing. Justice BS Patil passed this interim order during the hearing challenging the tender process. The judge permitted BBMP to continue with other procedures . The opening of bids is scheduled for January 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "gorakhpur", "code": "11469296", "title": "Now, Yogi Adityanath refuses to campaign", "text": "GORAKHPUR: After Uma Bharati, Bharatiya Janata Party MP Yogi Adityanath has declined to campaign for party candidates in the Purvanchal region barring a select few. \"I had already informed the party leadership that I will not campaign for any candidate who is either corrupt or has criminal antecedents,\" Yogi told TOI on Thursday.Yogi said he had conveyed the decision to the party leadership before December 12. Yogi said at present he was busy with the preparations of month-long Kichchdi Mela which begins on January 14.He said any decision on the future course of action will be taken after a week's time.Earlier, Uma Bharati had declined to campaign for the party candidates till January 20 citing health reasons. However, Yogi said his decision was not influenced by anyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11469320", "title": "Goa seafarers gherao NUSI over demands", "text": "MARGAO: Around 50-odd members of the Goa Seafarers Association of India( GSAI) gheraoed representatives of National Union of Seafarers of India (NUSI) at their office at Khareband-Margao on Thursday with regard to the association's pending demands.GSAI members further resolved to hold a dharna at NUSI Wockhardt Hospital, Cuncolim, on January 18 and demanded that NUSI general secretary-cum-treasurer Abdulghani Y Serang meet them in person.\"We wanted to know the status of our memorandum which was submitted to them earlier,\" GSAI president Dixon Vaz said.Vaz addressed mediapersons along with GSAI secretary Benny da Costa.\"We requested them that we should meet the NUSI general secretary-cum-treasurer as we wanted to clear issues that were not settled as promised earlier,\" the GSIA president added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11470411", "title": "Statue cover-up gives Mayawati a poll issue", "text": "LUCKNOW: The BSP has found a new poll plank to galvanize its core vote bank of dalits. The party is projecting the Election Commission's decision to drape the statutes of Mayawati and party symbol elephant as an insult to dalits done by the poll panel at the behest of opposition parties. The party has chosen its Brahmin face S C Mishra to take up the dalit cause.Demanding the EC to reconsider its decision, Mishra on Thursday wrote a letter to it terming the decision as one-sided and violation of Article 14 of the Constitution, which provides right to equality.The letter states, \"Dalits are feeling cheated as the decision was taken on the memoranda of SP, Congress and BJP . The statues installed in dalit memorials are in welcome position with upside trunk and aren't similar to BSP's symbol. Elephant statutes are installed in temples across India and government buildings. The EC should also have objected to SP's symbol cycle, BJP's lotus and RLD's handpump. The EC should have also taken note of statues of former presidents and leaders of other parties. The statutes of Mayawati, who is 'dalit ki beti' and has been four time chief minister, will not affect voters in any way.\"Political analysts say the letter is a part of a well-planned election strategy. They say Mayawati is desperately looking for an issue which can galvanize her dalit vote bank. She has picked the EC's directive and is trying to make it a poll issue.The analysts point out that Mayawati is trying to kill several birds with one stone. \"She is projecting that opposition parties and the EC have ganged up against her statutes, which are a symbol of 'dalit pride' and, also the directive to drape elephants not only hits the BSP but also upper caste Hindus, particularly Brahmins,\" they said.Deepak Mishra, another analyst, said by putting Mishra on the job, Mayawati is trying to remove the distrust crept between the two communities (Brahmins and dalits) during her rule. Mayawati won the 2007 assembly elections with absolute majority. She had given tickets to 86 brahmins. The Brahmin votes also helped her win reserved constituencies. As a result, of 89 reserved seats, BSP won 59, which was also the highest number of reserved seats won by the party since its inception.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11469013", "title": "Conservancy firm Ramky begins work", "text": "CHENNAI: Ramky Enviro has finally taken the broom to clean up the city. It has started work in Teynampet, one of the three zones in which it has been contracted to carry out conservancy operations. The conservancy firm has also set up a toll-free helpline 1800 4251566 for garbage related complaints.Speaking at the inaugural meeting in Gopalapuram on Thursday, mayor Saidai Duraisamy said, \"The corporation is planning to use the garbage at dumping sites in Kodungaiyur and Perungudi for producing electricity. This will also help reduce the amount of garbage at these sites. The civic body has taken up the idea of plastic roads in the city. A pilot project in Ward No. 141 of door-to-door garbage collection is pretty successful.\"Ram Mohan Rao, national head of Ramky Enviro Limited ( Municipal Solid Waste Management) said, \"All the three zones of the corporation (Teynampet, Adyar and Kodambakkam) will be covered by the end of this month. The garbage clearance will be more scientific and advanced. We do not want to invite any inconvenience to the civic body,\" he said.Corporation chief P W C Davidar said that the public also has a responsibility to keep their surroundings litter free. \"Residents' associations should take steps to clean up the city. The experience of the new conservancy firm will be of help,\" Davidar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11473108", "title": "Chris O'Dowd won't copy screen wedding", "text": "Chris O'Dowd's wedding won't be like the one in 'Bridesmaids'.The 32-year-old actor - who plays Officer Nathan Rhodes in the hit comedy movie - recently got engaged to long-term girlfriend Dawn Porter and the presenter says she wants her big day to be very different to the one depicted in the film, and she isn't planning on having female attendants to walk down the aisle with her.She said: \"I don't think I'll have bridesmaids at my wedding, not as such. I can't say that I've ever been massively into weddings, to be honest. I don't think that our wedding will be anything like the 'Bridesmaids' wedding, that's for sure. I'm not a very traditional bride.\"Dawn was shocked when Chris popped the question while the couple holidayed over the festive season but she doesn't want a long engagement and the couple will wed later this year.She exclusively told BANG Showbiz: \"It was a shock to get proposed to; I wasn't expecting it at all. I'm still just coming down to earth, really. I wasn't expecting a marriage to be on the cards for this year. I don't know what I want to do for the wedding yet exactly, but I know it won't be a long engagement. It will happen this year, it will definitely happen at some point this year.\"With a little help from Andrex, Dawn has embarked on a campaign to convert as many people to Andrex Washlets as possible. Check out how Dawn got on with her Clean Campaign by watching her advertorial mini episodes from 17 January on Channel 4.Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468400", "title": "No city lab can certify TDR-TB", "text": "MUMBAI: There could be more than 12 cases of the new and deadlier form of tuberculosis, Totally Drug-Resistant Tuberculosis or TDR-TB, in the city. JJ Hospital officials and a private doctor said they are treating patients suffering from TDR-TB.\"We have two cases of TDR-TB. They had stopped taking the primary course after a few months of being detected. They then developed resistant strain. This happened twice to each of these patients,'' JJ Hospital dean Dr T P Lahane said.Meanwhile, Dr Yatin Dholakia of the Maharashtra State Anti-Tuberculosis Association said that he had found TDR-TB in a patient two years ago. \"The girl improved for a few months but left the city when her aunt could no longer afford the treatment,\"' he said.A few months ago, he identified the new strain in another woman. \"She has localized lesions in her lungs and could improve after surgery, but no doctor is as yet willing to operate on her,\" he said.However, it is not clear if these cases are the same that were included in the study done by the Hinduja Hospital at Mahim, and published in an international medical journal last week.Doctors in Bangalore, too, said that they have identified cases of TDR-TB.Hinduja Hospital doctors, led by Dr Zarir Udwadia, , set off a debate in the medical circles with their research paper on the emergence of the deadly TB strain in the country. Theyidentified the new strain in 12 persons-10 from Mumbai, one from Ratnagiri and one from UP- since October 2011, of which one patient has died.But the main debate seems to be its identification: many public health officials are wondering if the Hinduja Laboratory can carry out the highly sensitive drug-resistant testing.\"No Mumbai laboratory can certify TDR-TB,\" said Dr S C Gupta, director general, state health services, But he said Union government officials would come to Mumbai next week to study the cases.After a joint meeting between the state and civic officials, BMC additional municipal commissioner (health) Manisha Mhaiskar said the BMC would set up teams to trace families of the 12 patients identified with TDR-TB. \"Also, since the JJ Hospital's newly set up TB lab is the only lab in the public sector, we decided to start taking up to 20 samples per day instead of 10,'' said Mhaiskar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11470091", "title": "Train collision averted", "text": "MALDA: Within 24 hours of the accident of the Down train at Sahibgunj, the Up Brahmaputra Mail had a narrow escape near Adina station, about 25 km from Malda, on Thursday. The train was wrongly signalled to a track on which repair work was being done. When workers noticed the train approaching, they jumped to their rescue. The driver B K Nandi immediately applied emergency brakes which helped to avert an accident.While the engine managed to cross, the SLR coach, partly filled with passengers and the other half with freight, hit some loose rails lying on the tracks.Work to lay some rails was underway. While the workers escaped, the L-trolley collided with the spring of the wheel and the break-up van.Divisional railway manager of Katihar Division, NF Railway, B K Palit said, \"Nothing major happened. A coach needed replacement and it was done.\"Meanwhile, six railway men were suspended at Malda division following the accident at Karanpurato.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11467826", "title": "Buffalo spark alarm near CM home, \u2018arrested\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: A 'gang' of four buffalos in the mood for an adventure sparked a security alarm near the chief minister's residence on Thursday as they blocked traffic on the adjacent thoroughfare, leaving cops on duty exasperated. An SOS to police ended in the \"arrest\" of the four bovine intruders.Their hapless owner, a middleaged milkman, now faces the prospect of having to 'identify' them in court if he hopes to have them back in his shed. The CM was not at her 30B Harish Chatterjee Street home on Wednesday evening when the buffaloes announced their presence. Security personnel outside her house were alerted by the chaos on Hazra Road.Vehicles stood bumper to bumper, some of them at awkward angles, as drivers fumed and fretted. But the four stood nonchalantly near Chetla bridge. The traffic police moved in, but only succeeded in alarming the animals. One of them sprinted into a narrow lane, the other end of which opens onto Harish Chatterjee Street, near the CM's residence.Kalighat police were at a loss at how to tackle the bovine invasion near the chief minister's home and turned to an elderly special constable, who had \"experience\" in tending to buffaloes back in his native village in Bihar. He succeeded in corralling the 'buffalo gang'.The four buffaloes were herded into a cowshed of a former milkman near Tolly's Nullah. By then, the buffaloes' owner, Ram Parbesh of Ekbalpore, was nearly out of his mind. It was only on Thursday morning that he learnt his cattle were in police custody. He was told by police to lodge a missing person's complaint but then, somebody wanted to know if he could prove that the buffaloes were his. The milkman was in a fix. He had never thought of getting his animals photographed. The idea of lodging a complaint was dropped. Now, it is upon the animal husbandry court in Salt Lake to decide whether Ram Parvesh is the real owner of the buffaloes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11468852", "title": "Congressmen lock up Damodar Rout", "text": "KENDRAPADA: At least 100 Congress supporters on Wednesday night locked the former minister and Paradip MLA Damodar Rout and his supporters in the office of Kujang gram panchayat in Jagatsinghpur district for two hours. Rout and local BJD leaders were later rescued by police.\"On Wednesday night, some persons locked Rout and his supporters in the gram panchayat office. After getting the news, we rushed to the spot and rescued them,\" said Karunakar Murmu, the police officer of Kujang police station.\"An FIR was filed by Priyambada Pani, a Congress leader on Thursday against Damodar Rout and other partymen for allegedly violating the model code of conduct in Kujang by organizing a party meeting in the gram panchayat office on Wednesday evening. Police are investigating the case,\" said Karunakar Murmu, the police officer of Kujang police station.But the Congress stood by its action. \"Damodar Rout was illegally organizing a meeting of BJD workers in the gram panchayat office on Wednesday evening. So we locked them up in the panchayat office,\" said Pani, a Congress leader who filed her nomination for the post of Kujang sarpanch.On Thursday, Pani also faxed letters to the State Election Commission and district collector to take action against Rout and others for violating the code of conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11472707", "title": "4-laning of Kiratpur-Ner Chowk stretch gets Centre's nod", "text": "SHIMLA: Union cabinet committee on infrastructure approved the four-laning of Kiratpur-Ner Chowk stretch of National Highway 21 in a meeting on Thursday. The highway connects Manali with Chandigarh. The project would be carried out on build, operate and transfer basis.Its cost is estimated to be Rs 2,356.2 crore, of which Rs 537.37crore would be spent on land acquisition, rehabilitation, resettlement and pre-construction work.The stretch in question is 84.38km in length. It covers Ropar district in Punjab and Bilaspur and Manali in Himachal Pradesh.Main objective of the project is to expedite the improvement of infrastructure in Himachal Pradesh and reduce the time and cost of travel, particularly that of heavy traffic, between Kiratpur and Ner Chowk.The highway is also a major link to Leh. Cabinet committee on economic affairs in March 2005 approved 4,000km four or six-laning of roads under National Highway Development Project and subsequently approved additional stretches in October 2006 and April 2007. Four-laning of Kiratpur-Ner Chowk section was part of the later approvals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468238", "title": "LB Nagar shop owners face property tax blues", "text": "HYDERABAD: Property owners of L B Nagar municipal circle are being taken for a ride by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC). According to sources, the tax payers were shocked to receive revised tax notices for non-residential buildings in the last two months. For instance, R Narsaiah, a property owner at L B Nagar, had been paying an amount of Rs 1,455 per year for his non-residential building. But the L B Nagar tax wing slapped him a revised notice of Rs 1,04,215 per year. Many others received the revised notices.The reason for the abnormal increase in tax is that building owners are being levied tax on a par with the posh and well-developed localities of Jubilee Hills and Banjara Hills. Property owners are crying foul as the officials have not followed systematic and scientific methods to fix the tax rates. Though the property tax rates were notified in 2007, they were not implemented for the past few years due to various reasons like GHMC elections and cap put by the state government on tax hike.Since the cap on property tax hike for non-residential properties was lifted a few months ago and being implemented from October 2011, property owners have been getting notices for tax payments now.Sources said in places like Somajiguda and Punjagutta, the tax per sft is Rs 12.80 for shops in posh buildings while it is Rs 10.40 for shops in ordinary structures. Similarly, it is Rs 13 per sft in Banjara Hills for a posh structure and Rs 10.40 for an ordinary structure.When it comes to L B Nagar circle, in Gaddiannaram area, Rs 11.50 per sft tax is collected for shops running in posh buildings and Rs 9.50 per sft for an ordinary structure. Some surrounding municipal circles like Uppal and Kapra have been collecting a lesser tax than L B Nagar. \"The GHMC has not developed L B Nagar in aspects like roads, streetlights, underground drainage system and other infrastructure as Jubilee Hills or Banjara Hills. But they want to squeeze the commercial property owners which is highly objectionable,\" GHMC TDP floor leader Singireddy Srinivas Reddy told TOI.L B Nagar municipal cirlcle MLA D Sudheer Reddy took up this matter to the notice of GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu and minister for municipal administration M Mahidhar Reddy.\"There is a procedure to decide the property tax assessment on the basis of classification of buildings, nature of usage and most importantly the procedure to reduce the element of discretion. But these procedures were not followed,\" Sudheer Reddy said. The GHMC officials admitted that there is an abnormal increase in the tax amount in L B Nagar circle when compared to surrounding circles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11468931", "title": "Hoax bomb call rattles Margao cops", "text": "MARGAO: A telephone call by an unidentified person on Thursday morning informing police about a bomb being placed in a scooter in Margao kept the town police on their toes. But, following a thorough search of various places in the city, the call turned out to be a hoax.Police sources informed that a bomb disposal squad and sniffer dogs were pressed into service to locate any explosives planted in two-wheelers. The exercise was called off as it turned out to be a false alarm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11467238", "title": "One dead as tempo hits truck near Narhe", "text": "PUNE: A 35-year-old man died on the spot after the tempo he was driving crashed in the rear of a truck on Katraj-Dehu Road bypass near Narhe during the wee hours on Thursday. Five passengers, including two children, who were travelling in the tempo, were stuck inside the cabin. The Pune fire brigade and the Haveli police rescued them. Three of them sustained severe injuries and are undergoing treatment.The Haveli police have identified the deceased as Mahadev Sangappa Shingave of Valava taluka in Sangli district. The injured are identified as Ramesh Surase, his daughter Anuradha (5) and cleaner of the tempo Abdul Gani Nidhane. Ramesh's wife Mangal and son escaped unhurt.Subhash Gavane, investigating officer of the Haveli police station said on Wednesday night Shingave left Sangli for Mumbai. He had given lift to the Surase family, who were also going to Mumbai. \"When the tempo came near Narhe, Shingave lost his control of the wheel and rammed into the rear of the truck,\" Gavane said. The impact was such that all the six persons, including Shingave, got stuck in the cabin of the tempo. \"We rescued Surase's wife, son and the cleaner, Nidhane. However, Shingave and Anuradha were badly stuck,\" Gavane said. The fire brigade was called.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11470446", "title": "Time to indulge your sweet tooth", "text": "VARANASI: Those with a sweet tooth have much to look forward to on Makar Sankranti. The harvest festival, which is celebrated on January 14 every year, involves preparing a variety of sweets made of crops like rice, pulses, til (sesame seeds), and moongphali (peanuts).The crops are beaten into different shapes and cooked in molasses or jaggery, sugar, and khowa to produce crisp and delicious sweets. 'Dhondha patti' - a collective term for sweets like dhonda (sweet balls of puffed rice and jaggery), tilkut, tilpatti, badam patti - is quite in demand around Sankranti. According to Hemant, a shopkeeper in Badi Piyari area, neary 60 individual units spread across Jalpa Devi, Chaukhambha, Dhoopchandi, Dhelwariya, Aurangabad, Ramapura, Kamachha, Chowk, and Orderly Bazar are into the business of making these sweets around the year.However, as the festival approaches, as many as 500 small and big shops join in the process of sweets-making. \"Generally the women folk prepare the sweets while the male members of the family take charge of selling the prepared material at makeshift stalls,\" said Hemant.According to Kallu Dada, an expert at preparing 'dhondha patti', it takes 7-8 hours to prepare crisp and delicious pattis of sugar and jaggery. Jaggery is cooked well at high temperature and peanuts and other dry fruits are added to the mix. Then the preparation is left to dry.\"With nearly 60 per cent increase in demand for the sweets during Makar Sankranti and Lohri, most of the prepared stock is transported to nearby villages and districts,\" Dada said. However, with the rise in costs of raw materials, fuel and labour, this time the traditional 'til' sweets have become costlier.According to Ravindra Kesari, a sweets-maker in Jalpa Devi area, the cost of til (sesame seeds) has gone up by Rs 10 and it is selling at Rs 100 per kg, while peanuts are selling at Rs 90 per kg with an increase of Rs 15 as compared to last year's price. \"Due to rising prices, varieties of 'tilkuts' and other til-based sweets are selling at Rs 100 per kg while badam patti, chini patti are selling at Rs 80 per kg.This has led to customers veering towards other items made of puffed rice, flattened rice, and moong dal, which cost just Rs 30 to RS 70,\" said Umanath Singh, 63, a sweets-maker in Jalpa Devi area. Notably, the festival of Makar Sankranti marks the transition of Sun into 'Makar Rashi' on its celestial path and people across the country celebrate the festival in different ways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11468661", "title": "No stones left unturned for fair polls", "text": "NOIDA: The district administration has formed different teams under various nodal officers for proper management of polling-related activities for fair elections and ensuring no violation of the model code of conduct takes place. As per directives of the Election Commission, officials have been put in charge of different activities in the three assembly segments - Noida, Dadri and Jewar - that have an estimated 10 lakh voters.Fourteen nodal teams have been formed comprising a number of officials with jobs further sub-divided among them. These teams would manage different activities, including the procuring electronic voting machines, managing control rooms and special helplines, appointment of micro-observers for the polls, adherence to the model code of conduct, communication and transportation, video survelliance of election campaigns of different political parties, handling medical emergencies, media certification and ensuring the timely completion of all directions issued by the EC.To ensure that the code of conduct is not flouted, 12 teams have been formed for various administrative segments. Two teams have been deployed for Noida and Greater Noida, while in the rural areas, four different teams have been deployed for the development blocks of Dankaur, Jewar, Dadri and Bisrakh. One team has been deployed for the Nagar Palika Parishad of Dadri while five teams have been formed for as many Nagar Panchayats in Dankaur, Bilaspur, Jewar, Rabupura and Jahangirpur.These 12 teams have been directed to report on a daily basis to ADM(E) Sushil Kumar Maurya, who would send daily reports to the state election commission in Lucknow. Three flying squads comprising five officials each have been formed for the three assembly segments.Besides, for the three assembly seats, one team each has been deployed for video surveillance, videography analysis and election audits.Officials have been put in charge of different polling activities in the three assembly segments - Noida, Dadri and Jewar - that have an estimated 10 lakh voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469417", "title": "Prosecute CM, DGP under Sec 166: Sreekumar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former DGP R B Sreekumar on Thursday filed his 9th affidavit before the Nanavati Commission alleging that in the 2002 riots case, chief minister Narendra Modi , the then DGP, minister of state for home and others were culpable and liable to be prosecuted under section 166 of the Indian Penal Code.Section 166 is applicable for an offence by a public servant in disobeying the law with intent to cause injury to any person.In his affidavit, Sreekumar, who was ADGP (Intelligence) in 2002 further asked the Commission to take necessary action with regard to his new affidavit. \"Manipulation of the criminal justice system as delineated by my reports to the government was intimated to the Chief Minister. Home department officials and DGP were also aware of this despicable ground situation. Still no remedial action suggested in my report dated April 24, 2002 was taken,\" Sreekumar said in his affidavit.\"Government did not question information in my reports and my supervisory officers also did not ask me to furnish any clarification or explanation on the inputs in my reports. This had established that the government had accepted my intelligence assessment reports,\" Sreekumar said. \"The above facts categorically establish that DGP, Home department officials, MOS Home and Chief Minister were culpable for offences under section 166 IPC,\" he alleged. He claimed that due to non-implementation of his suggestions, the delivery of justice to riot victims was ruined. tnn \"This had resulted in filling of numerous litigations in courts by riot victims, NGOs and national bodies like National Human Rights Commission.\"Many orders and observations of the Hon'ble Supreme Court had confirmed my assessment about the deplorable state of affairs of the State Administration vis-a-vis complaints against members and supporters of the Sangh Parivar by riot victims,\" he added.Sreekumar has also attached the details of his conversation with then Additional Chief Secretary (ACS), Home, Ashok Narayan, which he had noted in his personal diary. It is during this conversation which he had had with Narayan in July 2004, that Sreekumar found out that the intelligence report he had sent the Home department were shown to the chief minister.According to Sreekumar, Narayan during the conversation said that the CM did not give any illegal order and so there should not be talk about political interference. Narayan further said that action against the press for objectionable reports was not taken as suggested by Sreekumar. No action was taken against public prosecutors as they were not under the Home department, he said.The former ACS home had told Sreekumar that the CM had ridiculed his report of April 24, 2002 as one deserving to be put in a wastepaper basket. Narayan did not comment on the political side of the riots, Sreekumar added in the affidavit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11470532", "title": "Pakistan turmoil clouds trade talks\u2019 future", "text": "NEW DELHI: The political turmoil in Pakistan may have cast a shadow on the proposed trade talks with India.Although the military leadership in Pakistan seems to be supporting better trade ties with India, an upheaval may result in delay in grant of MFN status. Officials, however, said that despite the political unrest, work was underway to ensure that India was ready for the talks. Ficci, the industry chamber, also said that plans for a business-to-business exchange had not been altered.According to the timelines agreed, Islamabad is to move to a system of negative list of items where trade will not be permitted. While this system is to kick in from February, a WTO-compliant regime will be in place later this year, if everything goes as per plan.Besides, energy trade ties are expected to be strengthened first with India agreeing to sell 500MW of electricity through a link in Amritsar. This is expected to be followed by export of diesel through a special pipeline, for which talks are scheduled for next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11468843", "title": "Three new burn care units in state", "text": "GUWAHATI: Three new improvised burn care units have been started in Nagaon, Dhubri and Kamrup districts, said Arundhati Deka, a senior health official, who was present at the state-level advocacy and sensitization meeting on burn care and prevention organized by the state health department in Guwahati on Thursday.Arundhuti said the burn care units have been started as a part of a pilot project launched by the government of India. \"Three states - Assam, Himachal Pradesh and Haryana, have been selected for instituting the burn care units. Assam is the first state where the programme has been officially launched today,\" she said.She also said, \"Today we had a state-level advocacy and sensitization programme in collaboration with the health department, where we discussed the need to educate school and college students on prevention of burn care.\"Similar district-level meetings would also be organized soon, where 27 schools of Dhubri, Nagaon and Kamrup districts would participate. A special community sensitization programme would also be organized soon, informed the official.\"Right now the programme has been started on a small scale, as a pilot project, where only three districts have been chosen, but gradually, we would cover other districts as well. There needs to be a lot more awareness on burn care prevention, so that we can prevent such cases and also learn to take proper measure to tackle such situations,\" she said.Additional chief secretary PP Verma, director of health services Dhurba Hojai and director of medical education Debajit Hazarika were also present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11468826", "title": "Fire destroys fruit plants at Arambol, Paliem, Keri", "text": "MAPUSA: Acres of cashew, mango and coconut plantations were destroyed in a fire in the bordering villages of Arambol, Paliem and Keri on Thursday. The around 30 affected farmers from the three villages claimed that the loss runs into crores of rupees, but the fire department pegged it at 85 lakh.The fire broke out at Korkanwada in Arambol and later engulfed Arambol and slowly spread to the cashew and mango plantations in the villages of Keri and Paliem.The suspected cause of the fire is a short circuit in the electricity lines at Korkanwada in Arambol at around 10am. Locals said that the dry grass caught fire due to the sparks in the line and then spread towards the mountains.The village people engaged in a tireless battle with the fire till late Thursday evening.\"I've been here since morning without food and water fighting with the fire along with my neighbours trying to save my plantations,\" said Rajan Tilve.\"My entire cashew plantation was destroyed by the fire, leading to a huge loss,\" said Sunil Korkankar.While 65-year-old Yashoda Gawde blamed it on nature's fury, Rajesh Korkanakar cried, \"We have bad days ahead. Our major source of income has been destroyed.\"Mamlatdar Satish Dessai, deputy collector Ajit Panchwadkar, MLA Laximikant Parsekar and former MLA Sangeeta Parab inspected the site.Fire tenders from the Pernem, Mapusa and Panaji fire stations were summoned, but could not reach the spot due to the hilly terrain.Not accepting defeat, around 30 firemen walked to the site and attempted to douse the fire with leaves and bushes, with help from locals from all the three villages. Terming it an emergency, Panchwadkar ordered the public works department (PWD) to engage all its workers in controlling the fireThe magnitude of the fire was such that the two schools located in the vicinity shut early for the day and put the students on fire fighting duty. Despite the combined effort, a portion of the fire in some places was still burning till late Thursday evening.\"We have received the names of the 30 farmers who were affected by the fire,\" said Pernem fire station in-charge Tukaram Dessai.The mamlatdar assured the framers of being compensated at the earliest. \"The talathis from all three villages have been ordered to estimate the loss and prepare the report at the earliest,\" Dessai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11470276", "title": "One-minute stoppage for trains", "text": "HUBLI: South Western Railway decided on a one-minute stoppage at Khanapur railway station situated between Londa and Belgaum in Hubli. These are for 17415/17416 Tirupati-Kolhapur-Tirupati, Haripriya Express with effect from January 15 for a period of six months. Train number 17415 Tirupati-Kolhapur Haripriya Express will depart from Khanapur station at 10.51am with effect from January 15.In the return direction, train number 17416 Kolhapur-Tirupati Haripriya Express will depart from Khanapur station at 16.20 with effect from January 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468346", "title": "\u2018TDP using T martyrs\u2019 kin to defame KCR\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) on Thursday lashed out at TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu and leaders of Telangana Telugu Desam Forum for 'luring' the families of martyrs with monetary benefits to make damaging statements against the movement.Party MLA Koppula Eashwar said it was a matter of shame that the leader of the opposition and his partymen had stooped to such depths that they were arm-twisting the poor families of hundreds of martyrs to spread canards about the struggle for a separate Telangana state and TRS chief K Chandrasekhara Rao.Reiterating that the party viewed both YSR Congress leader Jagan and Naidu as enemies of the Telangana movement, the TRS leader denied reports of match-fixing between Jaganmohan's party and TRS. \"It is strange that whenever KCR speaks or remains silent, a section of the media portrays it as match-fixing,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11469315", "title": "Police crack Vatva murder case, arrest two", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Greed for money led two youths to kill a transgendered individual in Vatva on December 21, 2011. Police officials arrested the duo on Thursday.According to Vatva police, Bhagu Chaudhary, 41, a resident of Saibaba Apartment in the area, was found dead at his residence on December 25 last year. He had been stabbed repeatedly on his torso and his house had been ransacked. The investigators first suspected a robbery.\"We found out that Chaudhary, who earlier worked as a teacher, had begun dressing as a eunuch and collecting money aboard Rajkot-Bhopal Express. His daily earnings were estimated to be Rs 10,000. He was associated with the Sonia De faction of eunuchs and also used to pay her Rs 5,000 every month. During this period, he came in contact with Lalit Bhaval and Prakash Gohil, both residents of Kubernagar,\" said Maninder Singh Pawar, deputy commissioner of police, Zone VI.The duo started having sexual relationship with Chaudhary as they had seen him with a lot of jewellery. They tried to get a share of Chaudhary's earnings but did not succeed. They later found that the jewellery was not gold. Desperate for money, they decided to kill him. On December 21, they accompanied him to his residence and killed him by repeatedly stabbing him with a kitchen knife after he refused to part with his money.\"It was a tough case that was solved only with the help of technical surveillance. We had doubts over some of the men who used to frequent him but did not have proof. Once we got the names of the duo, we kept a track of them and found them to be present at the scene of crime on that day,\" said Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11469545", "title": "State aims to eradicate malnutrition in two years", "text": "AMRAVATI: State government aims to eradicate malnutrition from Melghat in two years. In pursuit of this it is implementing the Rajmata Jijau mission, under which hundreds of bureaucrats so far have extensively toured the affected villages in the region.Recently Prime Minister Manmohan Singh showed concern over the menace of malnutrition in the country. Melghat region is inexplicably linked to the problem but to change the picture, state has started its malnutrition eradication drive in Melghat region. Around 104 officers have visited 214 villages of Melghat and took the stock of situation by directly communicating with the tribal people.Speaking to TOI, general manager of Rajmata Jijau Mission, Nandkumar said, \"In Melghat we wanted to create public awareness on malnutrition. We received a lot of suggestions during our feedback sessions.\"He said that the state government is mulling over formulating a three term plan, small, medium and large for curbing the malnutrition problem which the district administration will have to implement.As per experts malnutrition is part of a vicious circle which begins with child marriage. When asked whether child marriage is the root cause of the problem, Nandkumar said, \"Providing better health environment to a child is our sole motto. Every malnourished child should get better nutrition and we will strive to do that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11469809", "title": "MDR, XDR Cases Must Not Be Ignored, Say Docs", "text": "BANGALORE: Can totally drugresistant tuberculosis (TDRTB ) be cured? With no antibiotics available in the global market, TDR-TB cannot be cured, say doctors.Bangalore's Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Chest Diseases says it has identified two cases of TDR-TB . Institute director Dr Shashidhar Buggi says they are a 31-year-old woman from Dakshina Kannada and a 56-year-old man from Bangalore . The results of sputum test done by the National Institute for Research in Tuberculosis , Chennai, show the two patients are suffering from this most dangerous form of TB.\"She comes to the hospital every month for treatment and has been responding to the treatment. But the other patient has not turned up for the free treatment we give. There are chances of him spreading the disease,\" says Dr Buggi.Cases of Multi-Drug-Resistant TB (MDR-TB ) and Extremely Drug-Resistant (XDRTB ), when not taken care of, can become those of TDR-TB . \"The government spends Rs 2.5 lakh per patient for the entire course that runs up to 24 months. When the treatment is ignored, there are chances of MDR-TB cases becoming TDR patients. But among the 300 patients we have treated so far, no one has developed TDR. We admit them for two months. The treatment continues when they come for checkup ,\" says Dr Buggi.The Bangalore institute has sent the sputum samples of eight other patients to the Chennai facility.INVEST IN RESEARCHAt present, we don't have a specific drug that can cure TDR-TB . There is a need to research and find out why the body stops reacting to a drug after a point of time. Pharmaceutical companies should invest in research and come out with a drug that can cure TDR.- Dr H Paramesh | PEDIATRIC PULMONOLOGISTTDR-TB does not spread immediately. It takes a long time for a body to become immune to a drug. It also depends from patient to patient. Sometimes you see discrepancies in patients' response to treatment. So it's not right to comment on whether TDR-TB is curable or not.- Dr Padma Sundaram, PULMONOLOGISTTDR-TB remains incurable. As the infection remains in the patient's body due to unavailability of a drug, we cannot say how long a patient will survive as TDR-TB happens rarely.- Dr Sumant Mantri, CONSULTANT PULMONOLOGIST", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11470239", "title": "India on vigil for new enemy from LoC: Poliovirus", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has not recorded a single case of polio in 12 months - the longest ever.However, the Indian strain of wild poliovirus imported by several other countries like Angola , Lebanon , Tajikistan , Bangladesh and Namibia has caused multiple outbreaks in the last decade.The strain crippling children in Congo- 92 cases in 2011 - also came from India.\"India exported poliovirus to other countries in the past and is now at risk of poliovirus import into the country through the same route,\" said the Union health ministry.India has increased surveillance against polio along the Line of Control (LOC), bordering Pakistan. Vaccination booths have been set up at Chakdabagh (Poonch) and Kaman (Baramulla) in Jammu and Kashmir, Munabao railway station in Barmer district of Rajasthan and at Wagah border and Attari railway station in Punjab to administer polio drops to all children below 5 years coming in from Pakistan.Pakistan, reeling under a polio outbreak, reported over 190 cases last year, and also exported the crippling virus to China that was polio-free for 20 years.Pakistan is affected nationwide by transmission of the P1 strain and was also the only country in Asia last year to have the P3 virus also, which is on the verge of elimination elsewhere in the continent.Dr Hamid Jafari, project manager WHO-NPSP, said \"complacency will be India's biggest enemy. Second biggest threat is import. In 2010, India exported the polio virus to Tajikistan, where around 350 children were affected. The virus then spread to Russia . Even in Congo the Indian strain established itself and is still in circulation.\"However, India's latest success in controlling the spread of the virus has tremendously increased global demand for Indian doctors working in the national polio surveillance programme.Nigeria, one of the world's polio endemic countries, wants inputs from India on ways to control the virus. Congo, Chad, Uganda and Kenya have all asked India for expertise on polio eradication.Dr Jafari added, \"With India's success story, there is ongoing discussion of a global emergency operation against polio. With polio circulation halted in India, this is the closest we have come for a global eradication.\"Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said India has spent Rs 12,000 crore on curbing polio control.\"We need to ensure no case of polio infection for the next three consecutive years for India to celebrate eradication of poliomyelitis... in 2009, India with 741 cases had accounted for nearly half the global cases,\" Azad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11469216", "title": "Counselling a must, shrinks say", "text": "MUMBAI: Citing the suicide attempt by a woman whose lover had killed himself earlier in the week, city psychiatrists said it is time sincere attention is paid to the severe traumatic shock that loved ones of a suicide victim bear.Doctors point out that the upheaval of witnessing a suicide or having someone in the family commit suicide gets compounded when there is pressure from the police, the media and society. It is therefore required that those close to the suicide victim get counselling immediately.\"First of all, it is very important for all those closely related to a suicide victim or one who has attempted suicide to receive counselling as soon as it is possible in such situations,\" said psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty. It is also imperative that friends not shun the victim's family because of the ostensible stigma the society attaches to suicides. \"A suicide should be treated as an emergency because if proper attention is not given to the loved ones immediately, they may suffer from a number of mental illnesses and may even end up taking a drastic step.\"Dr Sanjay Kumawat of the Bombay Psychiatrists' Society explained that those closely related to a suicide victim suffer from 'post situational stress'. \"The biggest emotions that the family goes through are guilt and self-blame. This is the time when most of them think 'I could have helped avoid this'. At such a time, if the information of an extramarital affair goes public-as was the case here-then the relatives are definitely going to suffer from trauma,\" he said.Dr Bharat Shah, who consults with Lilavati Hospital, said that trauma suicides-like the one recently attempted by the 24-year-old woman-are quite rare. \"The grief that one suffers on the suicide of a loved one is much higher than the bereavement experienced on the natural death of a loved one. Because of this trauma, the family cannot recover well or fast. Thus, counselling them is extremely necessary,\" he said.Doctors also said that the police should be more sensitive while handling such cases. \"They should make sure that family members have either been counselled before or during the interrogation,\" said Dr Shetty. \"This prevents problems at both ends.\" Dr Kumawat added, \"The police should not reveal personal information about a suicide victim, for it can be a cause of trauma for the kin.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11468811", "title": "Poultry sale hit after bird flu outbreak", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Poultry farmers in Bhubaneswar, nearly 35 km from the bird flu-hit Kerang village in Khurda district, have started feeling the pinch in their business as the sale of chicken has nosedived in the last two days. \"The sale has gone down by 50% at my counter. There are few customers for the broilers while the home-grown chickens are being sold at low prices,\" Sabzan Khan, a trader at Raj Mahal Square, said.This has forced traders to sell at lesser prices. Sources said the fowl traders on Thursday did not mind selling live broiler at Rs 40 per kg, which used to cost Rs 80 a week ago. Price of dressed chicken dipped to nearly Rs 90 per kg from Rs 120, sources said.Zuma Khan, another trader said he stopped procuring broilers in large numbers apprehending loss. \"I usually buy 200 fowls everyday. But it is difficult to sell 40 birds a day now. I do not want to incur loss,\" Khan said. He said the traders in Raj Mahal area procure poultry products mostly from Puri district.Daily customer apart, Khan got another blow from the hotels whom he used to supply chicken and eggs daily in huge quantities. \"I used to supply 40 kg chicken and 500 eggs to seven hotels in Bhubaneswar. Now, the quantity has come down to only 15 kg and some 100-odd eggs,\" Khan said.It is also poor business at the Unit-I and IV wholesale chicken markets, sources said. Over 5,000 broiler birds are supplied to different parts of the city from those two daily markets everyday. Though the traders did not cite the exact fall in sale, they assessed it to around 30%.A number of fast food counters and restaurants too are getting fewer orders of chicken dishes. \"People are scared, though we are yet to come across bird flu in the city,\" Satish Mahadev, a restaurateur said.But fish and meat vendors in the city are hopeful of earning more bucks in the \"bird flu\" season. The prices of fish and meat, however, have not yet soared in the city. \"We will definitely face meat scarcity as the demand will increase. However, our association has not yet decided whether or not to increase the price,\" said S K Sarjan, secretary of a city mutton vendors' association.Meanwhile, the Bhubaneswar municipal corporation (BMC) on Thursday convened a meeting to chalk out strategy to prevent the outbreak of bird flu in the city. \"We discussed with the veterinary experts and public health officials to take adequate preventive measures against avian influenza. The chicken farms and shops have been asked to inform the veterinary officials in case of any bird death,\" BMC mayor A N Jena said. Chairman of BMC's standing committee on sanitation Sheikh Nizammudin said the chicken farms have been asked to take care of hygiene in their surroundings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11467320", "title": "Azad Hind Express to run on time again", "text": "PUNE: After nearly a-year-and-a-half, the Pune-Howrah Azad Hind Express will start running on its scheduled time, i.e. 6.25 pm, from January 15. Besides, the Mumbai-Howrah Mail and the Lokmanya Tilak Terminus-Howrah Jnaneshwari express too will ply on their original time. All the three trains would leave Howrah on their return journeys as per their original schedule.The Kharagpur-Tatanagar-Rourkela route was considered dangerous after the sabotage orchestrated by Naxalites derailed the Mumbai-bound Jnaneshwari express between Khemashuli and Sardiha stations in May 2010, killing 150 people. Trains passing through it at night were rescheduled and the Azad High Express was running at least 8 hours late - up and down routes.The 12129 Pune-Howrah Azad Hind express of January 15 will leave Pune at 6.25 pm, but the train on January 14 will still leave at 2.45 am on January 15, said the railway public relations department. Besides, the Jnaneshwari express and the Mumbai-Howrah Mail too will run on their scheduled time. Passengers found the 2.45 am departureof Azad Hind inconvenient. While the railways had been issuing regular press advertisements about the rescheduled timings, passengers complained that the revised timings were never mentioned on the reservation ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11468454", "title": "\u2018Suspect sheets\u2019 opened against \u2018communal\u2019 troublemakers", "text": "HYDERABAD: To prevent communal trouble in the coming two months when major festival processions are due to take place, the city police have come up with a new deterrent mechanism -- `communal suspect sheets'. In addition to communal history sheets against those accused in serious offences, in the last few weeks, 180 communal suspect sheets have been opened by the city police against possible troublemakers.In connection with the 2010 communal clashes in the city, police had booked about 120 cases and arrested 210 accused. Subsequently chargesheets were filed by the Special Investigation Team (SIT) and local police in all these cases and the entire arrested accused are out on bail now. The February-March 2010 communal clashes erupted following a minor clash between two groups in relation to the removal of religious buntings at Moosabowli. Three people lost their lives in the clashes and several people suffered injuries.Given this back drop and also the recent series of attacks by alleged Hindu Vahini activists on people belonging to certain section of society, police have decided to keep a strict vigil on all the accused in communal violence cases from 2010. Important festivals including Milad un Nabi, Sri Ram Navami and Hanuman Jayanti fall in the next two months.City police commissioner A K Khan has said that history sheets would be opened against those who have two or more communal violence cases booked against them and a `suspect sheet' against those who are accused in just one case or are suspected to have caused communal trouble.\"A suspect sheet will contain all the personal details about a suspect. During the time of certain festivals and processions, the communal history sheeters will be detained and the suspect sheeters will be kept under close surveillance,\" said a zonal DCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11469017", "title": "HC has been lenient, says apex court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Writing the judgment for the SC bench, Justice R M Lodha said, \"The facts and circumstances of the case...undoubtedly show despicable aggravated offence warranting punishment proportionate to the crime.\" Alistair Pereira could have got more than a three-year sentence had the Maharashtra government appealed against the HC verdict. The SC bench on Thursday said, \"Seven precious human lives were lost by the act of the accused. For an offence like this, a sentence of three years awarded by the HC is too meagre and not adequate but since no appeal has been preferred by the state, we refrain from considering the matter for enhancement.\" Pereira may have paid Rs 8.5 lakh compensation, but the SC felt that no amount of compensation could relieve the families of the victims from constant agony. \"As a matter of fact, the HC had been quite considerate and lenient,\" said the SC.The bench in its 69-page judgment said, \"Our country has the dubious distinction of registering maximum number of deaths in road accidents. It is high time that lawmakers revisit the sentencing policy reflected in Section 304A IPC.\" The SC's stamp of approval on Pereira's conviction under Section 304-II means the judiciary has decided to abandon giving benefit of doubt to those driving in a drunken state and causing death, and convicting them under Section 304A. It provides for a maximum jail term of two years or fine or both for death caused by rash and negligent driving. But Section 304-II attributes knowledge to the person that if he drove under the influence of alcohol, he could cause death or inflict injuries on passersby that could cause their death. This section provides 10-year jail term to those found guilty.The HC held that in Pereira's case \"knowledge\" on the part of the accused was much present. \"Pereira is a person who is expected to be having knowledge of law and life in Mumbai, and (it's a) known fact that poor labourers sleep on footpaths,\" a division bench of then Chef Justice Swatanter Kumar and Justice Ranjana Desai had ruled in 2007. \"This imposed a legal obligation upon a person to drive carefully at late hours in the night and in any case not in a drunken condition,'' said the judges. Pereira's counsel and senior advocate U U Lalit had argued that the HC erred in convicting his client under Section 304-II because if he was under the influence of alcohol, he would not have been aware of the consequences of his action. The six-month sentence given to Pereira for seven deaths caused a public uproar, leading to the HC taking suo motu note of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468549", "title": "India-Israel relations come out of Arab world shadow", "text": "NEW DELHI: The India-Israel relationship is finally out of the closet. In three days in Israel and Palestine , foreign minister S M Krishna showed that Indian foreign policy may have finally matured enough to be able to conduct perfectly normal, successful relations with Israel and the Arab world simultaneously, without worrying about hurting feelings or stepping on toes.For years, India has conducted its relations with Israel almost covertly, as if trying to hide from the Arab world, where its traditional friends lay. But an official who was part of Krishna's meetings in Israel observed, \"This visit proved that at the highest levels, India and Israel can openly discuss issues of interest and concern with each other like other normal partners, without inhibitions.\"That, in essence was the greatest strategic takeaway from Krishna's visit to Israel, the first in over a decade, with a country that has rapidly become one of India's most important partners, particularly in critical areas of security, defence and what matters to Indians most, agriculture. Already, hundreds of Israeli and Indian companies work together in security, agriculture, technology and alternative energy, real estate, pharmaceutics, telecom etc.While the tangible deliverables were about agriculture and research and development -- Israel now has 27 agriculture projects in over seven Indian states and will sponsor 100 post-doctoral scholarships for Indians -- the discussions were much more substantive. In his public interactions, Krishna unhesitatingly detailed counter-terrorism, security and defence as the big areas of connect with Israel.Israeli minister for internal security Yitzhak Aharonovitch had visited India recently where the primary discussions were about tackling terrorism.Interestingly, while Krishna was being presented with a specially signed tennis racquet as an acknowledgment of his sporting love, premier Israeli business media Globes reported that Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) was signing its largest-ever defence deal with India, over $1.1 billion worth of missiles, anti-missile systems, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV), intelligence and other systems.IAI informed the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange of the deal on Wednesday but withheld the name of the customer. While speculation had South Korea as one of the possible customers, Globes reported from its sources that the recipient country was India and the negotiations had been personally led by the CEO Yitzhak Nissan . According to estimates, defence trade between India and Israel amounted to almost $9 billiion.The new element in bilateral relations is energy. As first reported by TOI, Israel has evinced interest in exporting gas to India, having made massive gas discoveries offshore in fields named Tamar and Leviathan.Indian and Israeli officials reportedly discussed ways of getting the gas to India, because India remains one of the biggest gas customers and currently relies on Qatar for most of its gas imports.None of this closeness though, will change India's voting record in the UN substantially. India has consistently voted against Israel. But despite their evident disappointment, Israel has refrained from haranguing India on the issue.\"There are several sectors in which India and Israel will be working together, are working together and which are critical for both the economies,\" Indian ambassador to Israel Navtej Sarna was quoted as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468280", "title": "'Nepal-based Indian runs racket'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigators following the fake currency trail into North India, especially Delhi and Uttar Pradesh, have zeroed in on a Nepal-based Indian national, known only by his last name Khanna, who has not been arrested so far.Khanna, officials say, has a Nepalese assistant, Raju, and Pakistani handlers, Aftab Batki and Iqbal Kana (also known as Shahid). The Pakistanis allegedly supervise the funnelling of fake currency into India, Sri Lanka , Bangladesh , Thailand , Dubai , Nepal and several mid-eastern countries, and are close to Dawood Ibrahim - one of the most-wanted criminals of the world.Officials say Batki and Kana sometimes use the sea route to land fake currency in Gujarat and Maharashtra. In Delhi, the currency first makes its way to some dealers in Lajpat Nagar and parts of South Delhi, from where it is routed to smaller dealers.The influx of fake currency notes has become a problem for not only the police but also Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Directorate of Revenue and Intelligence (DRI), National Investigation Agency (NIA), Intelligence Bureau (IB) and Reserve Bank of India (RBI), as most of it is used to fund terror attacks.Recently, the police's Special Cell recovered notes with face value of Rs 2 lakh from seven alleged Indian Mujahideen members who were named in connection with the blasts at German Bakery, Chinnaswamy Stadium and Jama Masjid. Rough estimates by various agencies put the face vale of fake currency routed through Delhi and nearby states at Rs 50 crore every year. Explaining the fake currency supply chain, a source said Khanna has a warehouse in Kathmandu (Nepal), where notes are stocked.\"This money is sent to Delhi in buses which cross the border illegally from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. Also, operatives in Nepal push labourers and petty criminals into Delhi and Uttar Pradesh illegally. These persons are given 2% to 5% of the total money they have to carry. In Delhi, the fakes sell for 35-60% of their face value.\"The profits of the business are sent to Pakistan via hawala after setting aside funds for terrorist activities, the official said. Sources add that Bihar-based gangster Dawood, and Hapur resident Jameel Bhura are other key players in the fake currency business.\"We have been gathering intelligence on them but they keep on changing their addresses and have several aliases,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11469238", "title": "Violin god in town with exotic sounds", "text": "MUMBAI: The lamest way to introduce someone, according to urbandictionary.com, is to say the person needs no introduction. So, let us simply mention that L Subramaniam will be at the NCPA on Friday, bringing along the third concert of the Times of India Lakshminarayana Global Music Festival (LGMF), covering seven cities.LGMF, of which the icon is the progenitor, is in its 20th year and coincides with the centenary of two legendary Carnatic maestros he reveres: the late violinist Prof V Lakshminarayana, his father, and the late mridangist Palghat Mani Iyer.The 2012 concert series features Kavita Krishnamurti, Subramaniam's wife, son Ambi, a violinist, and three musicians from Senegal , the US and Tunisia . Introducing the three foreigners and their instruments is not such a lame idea, unless the reader is a world music buff or a YouTube explorer.The Senegalese is Solo Cissokho, who resides in Norway . He plays the kora, which looks similar to a taanpura, but with the difference that the strings rise vertically from the sound box, meeting at the end of the neck. The 21-stringed instrument, played with the thumbs and the forefingers, sounds as if a harp were being handled like a flamenco guitar. \"From 7 till 14, you are trained to build your own kora and bond with it; you start playing after 14,\" Cissokho, out on a \"kora mission\", said before LGMF's Ahmedabad concert. \"I want to make this instrument popular everywhere, including India.\"The American, of Japanese origin, is Miya Masaoka, who plays the koto, which has 17 strings with movable bridges on a six-feet-long, curved wooden board. It is the national instrument of Japan, according to the Encyclop198dia Britannica. Masaoka has gone beyond traditional ways of playing the koto, augmenting it with laser beam strings and much else. Her website says: \"In her pieces she has investigated the sound and movement of insects, as well as the physiological response of plants, the human brain and her own body.\" Watch her on YouTube to get a feel.The Tunisian is Dhafer Youssef, who usually lives in Paris or Vienna. He plays the oud, the traditional Arabic lute and the parent of the European lute, which is the more familiar instrument. Born in a poor family, Youssef made his own oud as a boy, picking up music by the ear. Check out his music, strains of passion and also willpower.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11468924", "title": "Little China, Italy in Neelu Kaura's kitchen", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Cooking, which is a passion for Neelu Kaura today, was never her interest at one point in her life. She was never keen to cook even after marriage but a visit to a Chinese restaurant was enough to kindle her interest.\"I never tried cooking any other cuisine except Indian. But one day my husband, Harish, took me to a restaurant where we ate Chinese dishes, all of which were very delicious. My husband advised me to learn preparing these,\" she said. Then, she started taking interest in cooking Chinese dishes without learning these from anyone. She read books and surfed internet. A homemaker, she added, \"I used to spend a lot of time reading recipe books and started preparing these at house. After some failures, I became perfect in making different dishes... but Italian dishes are my favourite.\"Neelu, 42, said she loves to cook Italian items like baked vegetable lassana, pasta in white sauce and corn herbed rice with Indian fusion, like Indian curry along with Italian herbs.Her husband runs a yarn factory in city and twice a month, she used to send Italian and other dishes to his employees in the factory and received a number of thanks-giving calls from the employees in praise of her dishes.All her friends and family are also full of praise for her cooking. \"Many of our relatives call us for dinner or lunch and ask me to bring dishes at their house,\" said Neelu. She has also won many titles at national and state-level cookery shows and is planning to open a cookery institute at her place.Her husband, Harish feels his wife has a magic in her hand. \"She is so passionate about cooking that whatever she cooks is delicious. I always support her interest. Seeing her love for cooking, we are planning to open a cooking institute soon,\" he said.Neelu's son, Akarsh loves every dish cooked by her mother. He says whenever they visit any hotel or restaurant, they try a new dish and after that her mother prepares that dish at house, that too in a much better way than what they have had at the hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11411404", "title": "Mahesh Babu kisses in Businessman", "text": "The Tollywood heartthrob has shed his inhibitions and gone ahead to do a full blown \"lip-to-lip kiss\" in his upcoming release, Businessman.Mahesh Babu has finally done it. The Tollywood heartthrob has shed his inhibitions and gone ahead to do a full blown \"lip-to-lip kiss\" in his upcoming release, Businessman. Kajal stars opposite the actor in the film. Interestingly enough, it's a first onscreen lip-lock for Kajal Agarwal as well.When director Puri Jagan confirmed the news at a press conference held on Thursday, the gathering was naturally amused. \"Yes there is a lip-lock in the film, you will know all about it when the movie releases,\" said Puri. Apparently the scene has won approval from wife Namrata too. \"We showed the film to Namrata a couple of days ago, she said she enjoyed watching it,\" adds Puri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11474935", "title": "Oscar fever grips Kalki Koechlin", "text": "A special screening of Fox's much anticipated Oscar front runner The Descendants was held at Mumbai yesterday, to a host of celeb film connoisseurs and movie lovers.Seen enjoying the movie treat were Anurag Kashyap, Kalki Koechlin, Ranveer Shoerey, Konkana Sen, Director Rohit Jugraj amongst others.Releasing across Indian theatres on Republic Day, January 26th, 2012, 'The Descendants' is directed by Alexander Payne of the Oscar winning \"Sideways\".The film stars George Clooney as Matt King , a privileged Honolulu attorney from a landowning family who is compelled to reevaluate his marriage and life, while his wife lies comatose in a hospital bed following a boating accident.With 5 Golden Globe nominations already as well as being chosen as the best film of 2011 by Los Angeles Film Critics Association, 'The Descendants' is expected to blitzkrieg all major film awards this year, starting with the approaching Oscars in February.Opening to glowing reviews and extensively lauded by trade circles and fans in Hollywood , 'The Descendants' sees Clooney deliver a masterful performance that critics are calling his most vulnerable and nuanced so far, which in all likeliness will give him an Oscar nod.Catch the acclaimed film as it releases in India on 26th Jan 2012!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11467256", "title": "7 Burglaries in Pimple Saudagar", "text": "PUNE: A gang of four persons broke into seven flats in a housing complex at Pimple Saudagar after threatening two security guards with sharp weapons in the wee hours of Thursday.Shweta Ranade, a resident of the housing complex, has lodged a complaint with the Sangvi police stating that cash and gold ornaments totally worth Rs 1 lakh was stolen from her house. The exact amount of the booty is not known as owners of the other flats are out of station.Assistant inspector Prakash Bhujbal said that the incident took place around 3 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468288", "title": "D-Company stamp on fake currency", "text": "NEW DELHI: A mega consignment of fake notes was seized during a Delhi Police special cell operation, assisted by the Border Security Force, from two tempos in south west Delhi's Dabri area. The currency was packed in cloth bundles which had cardboard cabinets, similar to the way textile imported from Pakistan is packaged. Officials said that notes were of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 denomination, and of such good quality that these could be detected only by trained eyes.The notes were being counted till late on Thursday by special cell sleuths along with RBI officials. They have sought the help of NIA and CBI as both are nodal agencies for fake currency cases.Sources said the consignment seemed to have been sent by Iqbal Kana, a Pakistan-based operative close to Dawood Ibrahim. The exact motive of sending such a large haul is being investigated. Sources say intelligence agencies have several inputs about more fake currency being pumped into northern states before the upcoming Assembly elections. Intelligence agencies and Delhi Police had been on the lookout for the consignment after getting a tipoff 10 days ago about a huge haul of FICN being smuggled into the country. On Thursday, a team managed to get hold of a tempo near Dabri carrying several gunny bags with cloth packets. Two suspected Indian nationals, identified as Mohammad Hasan and Abdul, were arrested with the tempo and interrogated.They reportedly took the police teams close to a godown in Sitapuri's B Block area near Dabri, where another tempo was found with similar bags containing fake currency notes. One more person, whose name was not disclosed, was arrested from there. The cops are looking for other suspects including a Pakistani national. \"This is one of the biggest hauls in the country. The seized fake currency was sent from a foreign country.It looks as good as original,\" Delhi Police Commissioner B K Gupta said. On the possible route of the consignment, a source said, \"It reached Delhi from Surat via road but we are confirming whether it has come through sea route or has been sent through some other channel. Usually Saudi Arabia and Nepal are used for fake currency smuggling in India\". This single seizure doubles the recovery of fake currency by Delhi Police in the past five years. Police have seized fake currency with face value of Rs 3.04 crore in the past five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11472695", "title": "Singer Mehdi Hassan on ventilator", "text": "India-born legendary ghazal singer Mehdi Hassan was on Thursday put on a ventilator at a private clinic in Pakistan's Sindh provincial capital Karachi after he collapsed due to respiratory problems.84-year-old Hassan has been ill for the last few years due to a serious lung condition thathas led to complications and breathing problems.\"He is still in the ICU and doctors are looking after him round the clock. All we can do now is pray for him and hope Allah gives him life,\" said Hassan's son, Asif Mehdi himself a singer.The legendary singer, who was born into a family of traditional musicians at Luna village in Rajasthan in 1927 and the voice behind evergreen ghazals like Ab Ke Bichade and Patta Patta Boota Boota, had recently lost his voice due to his illness.Asif said the doctors after analysing his condition put the ailing singer on a a ventilator. They conducted Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scans and blood tests of the veteran singer.Doctors said Hassan is suffering from chest and urine infection.\"He had trouble in breathing (on Tuesday). We immediately rushed him to the hospital. He is in ICU but there is no positive response from the doctors about his condition,\" Arif said.Hassan, who has been suffering from lung problems for the past twelve years, was on Tuesday night rushed to Karachi's Agha Khan hospital's ICU section.Asif said that his father had been in very poor health for the last two years and the family had been feeding him through the tube because of his illness.\"We have been feeding him through tube for the past two years and for the past one month, he has even lost his voice, which mesmerized millions of his fans,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11469786", "title": "End of the world now a minute closer, predicts Doomsday Clock", "text": "For those who followed the natural disasters, nuclear meltdown and financial collapses of last year, it may not come as much of a surprise that the apocalypse is now one minute closer according to the Doomsday Clock, a symbolic measure which counts down to armageddon.The minute-hand on the 64-year-old concept clock has edged forward to show that \"inadequate progress\" has been made on containing the global threat posed by nuclear weapons and climate change, said scientists. It now shows five minutes to midnight (the zero hour).\"Two years ago it appeared that world leaders might address the truly global threats we face. In many cases, that trend has not continued or been reversed,\" the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists (BAS), said.In a list of reasons for raising the danger bar, the BAS said it finds the current potential for nuclear conflict in the Middle East, north-east Asia and south Asia alarming. It accuses the US, China, Iran, India, Pakistan, Egypt and Israel for failing to act on the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty, and North Korea for its nuclear weapons programme.In 1947, the clock first displayed seven minutes to midnight, but the minute hand has since moved backwards and forwards 20 times as the perceived threat of disaster has intensified and calmed.--THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11468901", "title": "Lohri gaiety warms all", "text": "LUDHIANA: In these times of globalization, the city's Punjabi spirit and the warmth of its festivities could not leave other communities untouched. Lohri, a prominent festival of north India, will not only be observed by Punjabis here but also by the people belonging to Bengali, Sindhi and Oriya community. It would be a two-day extravaganza for them as they would celebrate Lohri and then Makar Sankranti. Though in these communities there is no tradition to celebrate this festival, but because these people have been staying in city for quite long, they have also started celebrating it with their Punjabi friends.\"In Oriya community, there is a tradition of celebrating Makar Sankranti when we eat raw rice without boiling them because it marks the beginning of ripening season,\" said Pran Patnaik, an architect and resident of Chander Nagar. He further shared, \"I am married to a Punjabi girl, so celebrate all Punjabi festivals, specially Lohri. Besides, I have been staying here for so many years and know so many Punjabi families that we celebrate Lohri on a big scale.\"His son is also getting married to a Punjabi girl on January 30, hence, the family is very excited about Lohri and they all are busy in packing the gifts to be distributed among friends and relatives on this day.Similarly for Bengali community, Lohri celebrations started when they got settled in city. Member of Bangiya Samsad, T K Banerjee said, \"In Bengal, we celebrate Makar Sankranti by preparing a wide variety of sweets and desserts. On this day, women of the house prepare special dishes. But now, we have also started celebrating Lohri in a way we celebrate Makar Sankranti.\"For Sindhis, Makar Sankranti means worshipping Lord Sun but people who are residing here for so many years celebrate Lohri with the same zeal. \"We fly kites on Lohri and then on Makar Sankranti. So it becomes a two-day delight for us, especially when we are familiar with Punjabi families,\" said Chaitali Bhatt, who belongs to a Sindhi family. She said they worship Sun on Makar Sankranti because as long as sun is there, life is being sustained on this earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11472725", "title": "Theatre fest begins with apt tribute to Tagore", "text": "AMRITSAR: Bharat Rang Mahotsav, a theatre festival, opened in Amritsar on Wednesday with \"Raja -The King of the Dark Chamber\", a play written by Rabindranath Tagore, as an apt tribute to the nobel laureate on his 150th birth anniversary.The festival was inaugurated by eminent writer and poet Surjit Patar and folk singer Gurmeet Bawa to the beat of orchestra and \"Jugni\" sung by Bawa, in the presence of director, National School of Drama Anuradha Kapoor, fest coordinator Kewal Dhaliwal and noted personalities of the city with the lighting of traditional lamps.Amritsar was chosen for the first time venue for the international theatre fest showcasing 19 plays from around the country and of world theatre.The vibrant colour palette, rich costumes and the tale itself of master playwright Tagore in the \"Raja- King of the dark Chamber\", directed by Ratan Thiyam and presented by chorus repertory, highlighted the true essence of Tagore's philosophy- of an individual and his relationship with the Universe.Adapted from Tagore's short story from Raja Ratan's Manipuri play gave a glimpse of inner turmoil of Sudarsana, the Queen and her overt display of frustration amidst bluish muffled sheets, depicting a bed in the dark chamber, in the opening scene.The play was first staged in 1914 originally in Bengali by Tagore and later translated into English. Its popularity grew internationally and it was repeatedly staged in Russia during his lifetime.Raja is a symbolic play where the King denotes God and the Dark Chamber represents the inner-self. Raja - the invisible God personified, urges his crying Queen Sudarsana to identify him in festival of Basant Purnima and finally the reunion of the King and Queen wherein the King as the Almighty- shows her the eternal light.Against a black backdrop, the play unfolded on a slow note building up a crescendo in the scene of the king's procession on Basant Purnima, whereby he is seen for the first time by his subjects and the world.Around 30 actors in the production showcased the scenes so stealthily in the play that when the lights came again, a new one emerged. In one such scene, a flower-bedecked pond and its banks emerged from the dark, and the surprise brought in prompt applause amongst the Punjabi audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11470081", "title": "BJP leader Ganpat Kathe dead", "text": "NASHIK: Former MLA and senior corporator Ganpat Kathe (82), a senior BJP leader, passed away on Thursday afternoon due tocardiac arrest.He is survived by wife, three sons and two daughters. Kathe, a swayam sevak, was instrumental in establishing the Bharatiya Jan Sangh here. His political journey began in 1952 as a corporator in the NMC. He was elected as an MLA in 1990. He had contested the civic elections as an independent in 1997 and since 2007 has represented BJP in the NMC from ward 40.The funeral took place in the evening . MNS chief Raj Thackeray and guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal paid tributes to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11469155", "title": "Kites, 'gachak', songs add vibrance to festivities", "text": "LUDHIANA: Enthusiasm and excitement set the mood at schools and colleges in the city as many institutions celebrated the cultural festival of Punjab.Spring Dale schoolAt Spring Dale Senior Secondary Public School, cultural performances by students followed an informative speech by teachers, who apprised students of the importance of the bonfire festival. Class I students presented a group dance while students from classes II and III performed giddha. Sukhleen Kaur delivered a speech on Lohri. \"Rewadi'', groundnuts and \"gachak'' were distributed among students after lighting the bonfire. Celebrations became lively as students and teachers sang and danced around the bonfire.Roots Nursery SchoolIn Roots Nursery School, girls and boys came dressed in traditional Punjabi attires. School principal and vice-principal lit the bonfire and explained the relevance of the festival. Teachers sang the traditional Lohri song 'Sunder Mundriye' while students offered popcorns, groundnuts and rewadi to the fire and danced around it.ABC Montessori SchoolColourful kites of all sizes made by tiny tots decorated ABC Montessori School as students celebrated Lohri on Thursday. Dressed in traditional attire, kids made the ambience all the more cheerful. Maanav Verma came dressed as a Punjabi \"gabroo'' and Livdeep Kaur and Sachman Bagga dressed as Punjabi \"mutiar''.Students and staff enjoyed bonfire and sang folk songs on dhol beats. Groundnuts, \"rewadi'' and \"gachak'' were distributed on the occasion.Sportking instituteThe campus decorated with kites and flowers set the festive ambience at Sportking Institute of Fashion Technology as students celebrated Lohri with gusto and style. Dressed in traditional and trendy attire, the faculty and students flew kites, sang \"boliyan'' and danced on dhol beats. \"Gachak'', \"rewadi'' and groundnuts completed the festivity.SCD Government CollegeCollege principal Jasbir Kaur Makkar lit the Lohri bonfire while students and faculty offered \"til'' and groundnuts to the fire. The students who won prizes at the inter-college and zonal youth festivals of Panjab University presented a cultural extravaganza. Around 3,500 students danced to the beats of bhangra, giddha, Punjabi folk and Punjabi rock. Ramzan Ali of the college presented 'boliyan'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11470111", "title": "Campus clash rattles RBU", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal campuses continue to be on the boil. There were clashes at Rabindra Bharati University on Wednesday evening, this time political allies SUCI and Trinamool Congress accusing each other of violence.Only a day ago, the principal of Rampurhat college fainted after being gheraoed and heckled by Trinamool Chhatra Parishad and (Congress) Chhatra Parishad activists. And last week, the principal of Raiganj University College was beaten up by Trinamool Chhatra Parishad members.On Wednesday, SUCI's students' wing, DSO, alleged that their members were beaten up brutally by Trinamool Chhatra Parishad supporters for daring to hold a cultural programme without Trinamool's \"consent\".The fracas started around 6pm when three DSO members, including Rabindra Bharati DSO secretary Gaurango Khatua, were on their way to the office of the vice-chancellor to obtain permission for using the Saroda Kakshya (hall) for a cultural programme on February 9.They were allegedly accosted by some Trinamool Chhatra Parishad supporters, including their president Aliur Mondal. The TMCP men said that no programme can be held in the university without their permission. \"Without our permission, you cannot even go to the vice-chancellor,\" Aliur allegedly told DSO supporters.The students, led by Gourango Mondal, had formed a Rabindra Committee. Aliur demanded to know why they set up a committee without the TMCP's knowledge, say DSO members? The arguments grew heated.The DSO men somehow managed to reach the VC's office and submitted their application to use the hall. The VC said they could have it if there was no prior booking and asked them to check with the security office.Meghbaran Haiti, a DSO member, was returning after getting the clearance from the security office, when he was again accosted by TMCP supporters. They allegedly started beating Haiti. He was hit in the eye and fell unconscious. Haiti was then dragged along the road to the gate.DSO district committee member Nirmal Duari said: \"We will launch a strong protest. These TMCP supporters are not fit to get education\"Vice-chancellor Karuna Sindhu Das said, \"If the incident happened during university hours, we can take action. Since the clash happened after-hours, we don't have much to do. However, police were informed and action will be taken against whoever is found guilty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11468799", "title": "More powers for consumer courts", "text": "MUMBAI: The Centre will soon amend its landmark consumer protection Act to provide for enforcement of orders passed by the district, state and national-level courts in letter and spirit.\"In several cases, it was found that pro-consumer orders were not being implemented. In view of the scant regard for the orders passed by the consumer courts, the Centre has now decided to grant them the powers of the civil and criminal courts to enforce the orders,\" a member of the state consumer commission told TOI on Thursday.The member said that at the moment, as per the provisions of the consumer protection Act, particularly sections 25 and 27, a commission has powers to initiate civil and criminal proceedings, but it involves a lot of delay. The Centre has now proposed to amend the Act, as a result of which an order passed by the district forum, state or national commission, will be enforced as a decree of a civil court. \"Such a modification is considered essential in view of the experiences gained during the implementation of the Act. The amendment is intended to deter wilful offenders and also to ensure speedy and proper execution of the order,\" he said.Stating that a bill to amend the Consumer Protection Act, 1986, has already been introduced in the Lok Sabha on December 16, a senior bureaucrat said that the Centre has proposed to bring in a system of filing complaints online, payment for non-compliance of order, more powers to the district forum and increase of age in appointment.As all consumer courts are being computerized in a phased manner, it has been proposed to make provision for registering complaints and paying fees electronically. \"We feel if the entire system is made online, it will be consumer friendly and save a lot of time,\" he said.Every person who does not comply with the order passed by the consumer court will have to pay Rs 500, or 1.5% of the value of the amount awarded, whichever is higher, for each day of delay of such non-compliance of the order. \"We found that orders passed by the forum are either not implemented or there is an inordinate delay, and therefore, it has been proposed to impose a fine,\" he said.The district forum will be empowered to function in any place apart from the district headquarters in consultation with the state government. The Centre has proposed to increase the minimum age for appointment as member in the case of state commission from 35 to 45 years and in case of national commission, from 35 to 55 years. For appointment as a member in the state commission, the experience needed has been increased from 10 years to 20 years, while for the national commission, it has been enhanced from 10 years to 30 years. \"We feel that by making such changes, there will be an improvement in the quality of persons applying for these posts,\" he said.The official said both national and state commission will be empowered to secure assistance of any individual or organization to assist them in the case of large interest of consumers. He said the Centre will now be empowered to call for reports of pending cases from the national commission, while similar powers would be given to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11468399", "title": "MCD split, quota for women high points of rule: CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit has labelled the MCD trifurcation and reservation of 50% seats for women in each of the three new corporations as the most important decisions of her 13-year rule. In the same breath, Dikshit fought off the BJP's charges of corruption and repeated references to the Lokayukta's orders against her and her partymen by flaunting the clean chit given to her and urban development minister Raj Kumar Chauhan by the President of India.The chief minister made these points on Thursday while highlighting her government's achievements in the thanksgiving speech at the end of the debate on the lieutenant-governor's address delivered at the beginning of the winter session of the Assembly.\"The BJP keeps shouting corruption, corruption. They keep citing the orders of the Lokayukta. The Delhi Lokayukta has been taking suo motu cognizance of reports. He has a right to do so. But then whenever any directions have been issued we have been forthcoming in giving our replies in the case. Whether it was the case regarding minister Raj Kumar Chauhan or me allegedly violating some election norms, we replied to it all,\" the CM said.She added that the Lokayukta's recommendations went to President Pratibha Patil who sought reports from the Union home ministry.\"The Centre sought our response. The Lokayukta's report and our replies were studied and the President rejected the recommendations and gave us a clean chit. So where is the violation? Are you questioning the highest authority, the President of India?\" an agitated CM asked.There was no Opposition there to react to the remarks as the BJP members were suspended by the Speaker for disrupting the buseiness of the House when they protested the suspension of Rule 280 to make room for Dikshit's speech.The chief minster also gave her speech a populist flavour, keeping in mind the MCD polls.\"A lot was said on development works being stopped in unauthorized colonies awaiting regularization on Wednesday by MLAs in the House. Let me put one thing on record. Development in unuathorized colonies is a priority for us. Yes, there has been delay in regularization but that is because of multiplicity of authorities like MCD, DDA, ASI and forest department. So many formalities are to be completed. We are looking into how these procedures can be cut short to speed up the regularization process.\"She added all maps from the Survey of India to demarcate the exact boundaries of the unauthorized colonies to be regualrized are expected within the next 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11469475", "title": "Shobha Yatra taken out", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A shobha yatra on Ganesh Mahotsava was taken out in the city on Thursday. The yatra passed through the different parts of the city.The shobha yatra passed through Johnstonganj Crossing, Vivekanand Marg, South Malaka, Hindi Sahitya Sammelan, Ram Bhawan Crossing, Laxman market, Zero Road, Lok nath, La Diggi, Clock Tower Crossing and ended at Ganesh temple at Badshahi Mandi. The shobha yatra was flanked by horses and elephants decked in colours.Speaking on the occasion, Shankaracharya Swami Vasudevavada Saraswati said Lord Ganesh brings happiness and prosperity. He said before the start of any auspicious work, people offer prayers to Lord Ganesh and prayed for the well being of all the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11469441", "title": "Traders protest outside DM office", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Irked over the harassment of businessmen and traders in the name of checking, scores of traders, under the aegis of Prayag Vyapar Mandal staged a dharna outside the office of the district magistrate (DM) on Thursday and raised slogans against the district authorities and election commission.Addressing the gathering, secretary of the Mandal, Vijay Arora said that business community is living under constant fear in the wake of harassemnt being carried out by the police and district authorities in the name of checking.This is despite the fact that traders and businessmen carry heavy cash on a regular basis and any sum less than Rs 10 lakh should not be seized by the authorities. President of the Mandal, Omkar Nath Khanna said that if the election commission fails to listen to the demands of businessmen they would be forced to boycott the elections.Another leader Ghulam Qadir said that authorities should not frisk traders and common man during checking if they provide identity proof in the form of Voter Identity Card, PAN card and Passport. Later on the traders handed over a three point charter of demands to the district authorities. They warned of more protest if their demand was not met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-13"}
