{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13877257", "title": "Better marks needed for ECA quota seat", "text": "New Delhi: DU aspirants planning to gain admission through the ECA quota will now need a good score in Class XII. New guidelines by the university require colleges to ensure that the concession for ECA candidates in the last cutoff for specific courses is not more than 15%.There was no minimum eligibility criterion for students successful in the ECA trials till last year. However, DU officials say that putting a bar on the concession in academic merit will prevent backdoor entries in colleges.\"Till last year, candidates who performed well in trials and had enough certificates to back their talent managed to get through a course of their choice. So someone with 60% could also get into a sought-after North Campus college on the basis of ECA quota,\" said a DU official.\"But now if the admissions in BCom (honours) close at 95% in any college, the aggregate marks of students admitted through ECA quota in that course should not be less than 80%,\" he added.Colleges reserves 5% seats in every course for candidates who excel in sports and extra-curricular activities. They have to apply in individual colleges for a seat. Colleges conduct trials for both categories, which will be supervised by the faculty and experts.The guidelines attach 75% weight to performance in trials and 25% to certificates. DU has asked colleges to hold ECA trials at two levels - preliminary and final. The ECA admission committee to be nominated by the college will have at least two experts from each field.\"These measures should ensure that only the deserving get a seat in the ECA and sports quota. But I think a concession of 15% is still large enough. I have seen that often students, who are genuinely good in ECA, have good scores too but miss the cutoff by few marks,\" said Ira Pandit, associate professor, Daulat Ram College, who had been the convenor of ECA admission for several years in the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880761", "title": "2 lakh forms sold, but BE seats may still go vacant", "text": "Chennai: At least 50,000 students have already dropped out of the race for government engineering seats this year. Until Wednesday, the last day to submit applications for single window counselling for admission to engineering courses, Anna University received 1.55 lakh filled-in applications of the 2.28 lakh sold. Officials expect another 25,000 filled-in applications.\"We received more applications than last year, and the number is likely to increase because we have decided to accept applications sent by post today and will reach us only two days later,\" said vice-chancellor P Mannar Jawahar.Last year, 1.48 lakh of the 1.6 lakh candidates who bought applications wanted to take part in the counselling and 1.05 lakh eventually took part.Academics said the rise application sales was due to Anna University starting sales before results were announced. The All India Council for Technical Education has not yet officially released the number of additional seats to be added this year, but sources put the figure at around 40,000. Going by number of seats in the 525 engineering colleges in the state, at least 25,000 seats will go vacant this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13882105", "title": "Government notifies concessions for Mangalore refinery", "text": "MANGALORE: With only a day left for the Global Investors Meet (GIM) 2012, the state government has sanctioned a special incentive package for the phase III expansion and upgradation project of the Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL). Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda had hinted about the incentives in an interview given to TOI during his recent visit to the city.The sops extended to MPRL include exemption from payment of entry tax on plant and machinery and capital goods during the initial period of four years from the date of commencement of project implementation. MRPL has also been exempted from payment of entry tax on the crude oil required for the phase III for 15 years from the start of commercial production of third phase.\"MRPL will get central sales tax (CST) exemption for 15 years for all interstate sales made out of phase III throughput,\" P S Ravindran, group general manager (finance), MRPL said.The state government had given similar sops to MRPL, a subsidiary of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Ltd for the first and second phases of the project.MRPL will also get interest free soft loan at the rate of 100% of the eligible gross value added tax (VAT) during the first three years and thereafter at 60% of eligible gross VAT for 15 years.This should be repaid in 15 years in equal annual installments limited to Rs. 500 crore per annum, thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13880023", "title": "Medicos call off strike as TN govt assures response in 15 days", "text": "COIMBATORE: The medical students of Coimbatore Medical College, who went on an indefinite strike demanding the implementation of the Tamil Nadu Hospital Protection Act, 2008, and the declaration of hospitals as protected zones, called off their strike following assurance from the government to consider their demands on Wednesday.On Tuesday, the medicos went on a strike following unsatisfactory response from the government to the incident where a postgraduate student in Chennai was allegedly assaulted by attendants of a patient recently. Postgraduate students in all the three medical colleges in Chennai, and those in Thanjavur, Coimbatore, Chengalpet, Madurai and Tirunelveli also participated in the strike.Speaking to TOI K Shankar, a post graduate student said that the strike has been withdrawn following the government's assurance that they will come up with a positive reply within 15 days. The strike was withdrawn by 3.30pm in the afternoon, he said.He said doctors in government hospitals are frequently attacked by attendants who accompany the patient. It has become necessary to protect the doctor from such attacks so that they can perform their duties efficiently.Meanwhile, the strike partially affected the hospital functioning as government doctors had to attend the extra flow of patients. Patients had to deal with longer wait time.P Sivaprakasam, Resident Medical Officer, said everything was normal. Government doctors were on duty and they attended all patients who approached the hospital. Nearly 300 doctors were available throughout the day to see patients. He said nearly 4000 patients were attended to at out-patients wards and 30 surgeries were conducted during the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13880682", "title": "District drive to register building labourers gains speed", "text": "NASHIK: Concerned over a very low number of enrollment of construction workers in Nashik district, the newly-appointed deputy labour commissioner Ratnadeep Hendre has decided to speed up its drive to boost worker registrations.Hendre's office had already begun registration activity but could enrol only 4,200 workers - a figure estimated to be only around 10 %per cent of the total worker strength in the construction industry. Sources say there are around 40,000 construction workers in Nashik district alone.With an aim to pass on benefits of government schemes to Maharashtra's construction workers the state had constituted a welfare board -Maharashtra Building and Other Construction Workers' Board (MBOCWB) - under the chairmanship of the state labour commissioner, last year.Funds collected by levying 1% labour cess on construction projects are to be utilized for the welfare of construction workers across the state.With an aim to collect data on construction workers, the board has instructed its labour departments to start registering the construction workers across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13897628", "title": "Slums deliberately increased in Mumbai: Raj Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray on Thursday blamed vested interests for rise in slums in the metropolis.\"The people's representatives increase slums with the objective of bringing them under the purview of Slum Rehabilitation Act (SRA),\" alleged Raj, after meeting Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) Commissioner Sitaram Kunte.\"The slums in the city do not rise on their own, they are deliberately increased,\" Raj said, while regretting that political parties were not acting tough against the errant corporators or MLAs.\"Whip is not cracked against those who are responsible for increasing the slums. Concerned ward officers or police officers are not suspended in this connection,\" he said.He said if he found anybody from his party involved in such activities, he would dismiss him.He said the infrastructure of the island city is not enough to sustain its mammoth population. \"Looking at the increasing population of the metropolis there is not enough infrastructure for it,\" the MNS chief said.Raj questioned as to why cooperation of private players was not sought for the development of the city.\"The developers and builders should be entrusted with responsibility of maintaining roads and gardens in their areas, which will be beneficial for the people, he said.Raising concern towards the scarcity of BMC hospitals in the city, he said these hospitals were mostly occupied by people from other states.He also pressed for pulling down illegal structures on the banks of Mithi river, which was largely responsible for flooding in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13881526", "title": "Statues crying for attention in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Statues of national leaders are becoming the victims of apathy and negligence of the civic body in city. The statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel-- the Iron Man of India--has been kept in utter neglect at Choti Gwaltoli and the surrounding area has turned a grazing ground for the cattle. Same is the situation with the statutes of former prime ministers of India Jawaharlal Nehru and Indira Gandhi. They are wallowing in neglect and disregard, all thanks to the negligent attitude of Indore Municipal Corporation.Also, there are many which are struggling for better visibility. Chhatrapati Shivaji's statue is obscured with trees blinding it. Huge hoardings near Indira Gandhi statue at Navlakha crossing take the sheen off the structure.Though one can witness celebrations at these venues on the occasions of anniversaries, Independence Day or Republic Day, the remaining days, hardly anybody bothers to turn their eye-balls towards these statues. Apart from the officials, city residents also do not seem to care two hoots to maintain the dignity of these statues.Some of the statues of national figures across the city have turned shelters and place for eating and squatting. Spitting around the statues is not a very uncommon sight either. Surprisingly, the IMC has no plans to maintain the charm and dignity of the statues of national leaders.Mukund Kulkarni, founder of a city-based NGO, is also irked by the attitude of the civic body towards the maintenance of these statues.\"The statues are not maintained properly in city. No attention is being paid to the washing and cleaning part. Making the matter even worse, people carelessly throw garbage around them.\"Chandrashekhar Dagaonkar, ex-chief engineer of IDA, too finds these statues in poor condition. He argues against their installations by saying, \"They are not well-guarded. It is a big insult to our leaders as many of the idols are erected on the rotaries and circles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880638", "title": "More trouble for BEML chief", "text": "Chennai: The chairman of Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML), involved in the controversy over the Tatra trucks case, has strayed into fresh trouble in Chennai.The Chennai police issued a community service register , a preliminary document before an FIR is filed, against V R S Natarajan, chairman of BEML, for allegedly trespassing a private land in Velachery on Sunday last.According to a complaint from N Jayachandran of Alandur, Natarajan and several others came to the site at Velachery in government vehicles and trespassed on to the property, apparently to build a compound wall. Jayachandran, who claims to have a power of attorney duly executed by the property owners, objected and lodged a complaint. Natarajan and others left the spot after the arrival of police.Police also received a counter-complaint from Natarajan's mother-in-law Mangayarkarasi against Jayachandran and issued a similar CSR against Jayachandran.Police said Jayachandran was in possession of two plots bearing plot numbers 223 and 224 at Bhuvaneswari Nagar in Velachery. Though, there is a civil dispute case pending in court, Jayachandran claimed, Natarajan and a few others tried to trespass and erect a compound wall at the plot.Separately, the Defence Ministry on Wednesday sought an explanation from Natarajan for serving a legal notice on former army chief General V K Singh and demanding an apology for his alleged defamatory statements against BEML on the Tatra truck issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13882553", "title": "It\u2019s free-for-all at 6 \u2018paid\u2019 parking lots in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Commuters driving into six paid parking lots in the city are availing the service free, but there is a flip side -- there are no parking attendants to assist them in finding a vacant spot and this is leading to chaos. With paid parking no longer a profitable venture, contractors are opting out.The latest to call it quits is the contractor of the Empire Store parking lot in Sector 17 where token system has resulted in bringing down profits with limited vehicles being allowed to park. The contractor has written to the MC about surrendering the lot.Out of the total 22 paid parkings, there are six lots in the city where people are availing this service for free. Sources in the MC revealed that the Empire Store parking lot was given for over Rs 20 lakh but the contractor has stated that he is not in a position to run it as he had gone into losses.The six parking lots that are not being run by contractors include some crucial parking lots like the Sukhna lake parking lot and the medical officer of health office parking lot in Sector 17.With no one is there to manage the parking of vehicles in these lots, there is chaos, besides there is no security too.The Sukhna parking lot is most crowded and with no one there to manage it, haphazard parking of vehicles has become routine. Besides, there is no one responsible for the safety of the vehicles.\"I along with my family and friends had gone to visit Sukhna, but I had to spend over half an hour to park my vehicle, as vehicles were parked in a haphazard manner and there was nobody to manage the lot. As people had parked their vehicles in the middle of the path, no vehicles could take that path. I had to drive my vehicle over a cemented paver block to park it in a proper slot\", said Shayam Singh, a resident of Sector 51.MC's parking in-charge Avtar Singh said, \"We have received the letter of the contractor who wants to surrender a lot in Sector 17. As per the norms we will have to give him three months time for that. Besides that we will soon hold the auction of six parking lots, so that these could be run by contractors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880406", "title": "Finally, Krishna water reaches Chennai", "text": "Chennai: Krishna water from the neighbouring Andhra Pradesh has reached the Poondi reserviour on Wednesday night after travelling around 25km from the zero point at Uthukottai in Tiruvallur district. The Kandeleru- Poondi canal that brings the water from the neighbouring state is 152km long.Water Resource Department (WRD) officials said the water was released more than a fortnight ago from the Kandeleru reservoir in AP. The flow of the water through the canal has been slow slow due to low volume and the dry canal bed. \"At present, the Poondi reserviour gets only around 75 cubic feet per second. The flow is expected to increase to 150 cubic feet per second by Thursday morning. Once it reaches that level, we will able to assess how much Krishna water would help meet the city's needs,\" said a WRD official.The flow of water is also slow due to the damages in a siphon over the canal at Ubbalamadugu near Varadapalayam in Tiruvallur district. As a result, the flow is only around 1km per hour. A week ago, Andhra Pradesh authorities increased the water discharge level to 1,000 cubic feet per second and the water flow is continously monitored by regulators located at Tirupati and Kalahasti.WRD officials said Krishna water will help fill the gap in storage at the city's four reservoirs. They have a combined storage of 4.6 thousand million cubic feet (tmcft) against the total capacity of 11 tmcft. Chennai Metrowater draws 1tmcft every month from the reservoirs to supply to the city. This means Krishna water, if it meets the quota of 4tmcft, will cater to the city's needs for four months.madhavan.d@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13882213", "title": "Dimple Yadav gets virtual walkover to Lok Sabha", "text": "LUCKNOW: It's a Lok Sabha byelection in the country's politically most important state which no national party is willing to contest. After the Congress declared that it won't put up a candidate against Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's daughter-in-law Dimple Yadav in Kannauj, the BJP candidate on Wednesday \"mysteriously\" failed to reach the DM's office in time to file his papers.With BSP, too, having bizarrely said it won't fight against Dimple in protest against SP's failure to bring development to Kannauj, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's wife is all set to create history by claiming a Lok Sabha seat with her only challengers being two independents. In fact, she may even get elected unopposed if SP persuades the two, Dashrath Shankhwar and Sanju Katiyar, to withdraw.Peace Party of India spokesperson Aziz Khan alleged that SP goons attacked the party office on Tuesday night, threatening its workers against filing nomination.Interestingly, Peace Party of India spokesman Aziz Khan said the party office was ransacked and the police did not come for help despite repeated calls while SP goons threatened its workers against filing nomination.Other's stoppedAnother aspiring independent, Prabhat Pandey, in a complaint to the Election Commission, said he was obstructed by unknown people from reaching Kannauj for filing his papers. He said that even when he managed to reach the office of the returning officer, he refused to accept his papers.On Tuesday, both the Congress and BJP had announced they won't contest. While the Congress said it had not fought in Kannauj in 2009 as well, BJP had said its priority was urban local body elections due June 23. But on Wednesday, party president Nitin Gadkari cleared Jagdev Yadav's candidature, who failed to reach the DM's office on time.Political analysts see Mulayam's \"PR efforts\" behind Dimple's smooth ride so far.Kannauj had fallen vacant after Akhilesh resigned to take over as CM in March. By fielding Dimple, Mulayam wants to keep the constituency in the family. Akhilesh had won from Kannauj and Firozabad in 2009 but retained Kannauj, fielding Dimple in Firozabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panaji/ponda", "code": "13878986", "title": "Monsoon arrives before \u2018due\u2019 date, catches Goa off guard", "text": "PANAJI/PONDA: The monsoon advanced over the state on Wednesday, a couple of days earlier than forecast by the meteorological department. It brought down a few trees, led to the collapse of a retaining wall and flooding in low-lying areas, besides power fluctuations in some parts of the state.There were intermittent showers over Panaji and various others parts of the state on Wednesday interspersed by the sun peeping through the clouds at times. Met department officials have forecast a cloudy sky with possibility of rain or thundershowers during the next 24 hours. The seasonal rainfall recorded since June 1 was 51.6mm till Wednesday.The rains brought down a huge banyan tree on a residential house and a compound wall at Donvaddo, Saligao on Wednesday afternoon. The occupants had a providential escape as none were hurt in the incident. \"The huge tree had weakened at the roots,\" a villager said.The falling tree damaged the house belonging to Damodar Murari Khandolkar and compound wall of Gabriel Fernandes. \"The total damage is estimated to be Rs 1.1 lakh,\" a fire and emergency services department official said. Personnel from the services had rushed to the site.In another incident, a retaining wall collapsed at Indiranagar, Chimbel, causing damage to two carrier rickshaws at 9am on Wednesday. \"The vehicles were parked near the wall,\" fire services sources said. The damage is estimated to be around Rs 2.5 lakh.In Ponda, a gulmohar tree fell on a barrack of 6 TTR, a military training centre at Curti, on Wednesday morning. Nobody was hurt and damage was minimal.Power fluctuations were witnessed in various parts of the taluka. Electricity department officials attributed this to branches of trees leaning on transmission lines and disrupting supply.Showers in the morning flooded the entry point to the state capital at KTC circle and resulted in a massive traffic jam. Traffic also moved slowly for some time along Dayanand Bandodkar road at Campal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13881064", "title": "Financial bids for high-security number plates to open today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The transport department will take a little more time before the contract for the high security registration plates is awarded. On Wednesday, after a high-level meeting, the department was directed to procure more details about the bidders. \"The department will have to find out more on the bidders,\" said sources.Meanwhile, the financial bids will be opened on Thursday. The transport department had invited the bids on May 30. Bids have been received from four firms, Celex Technologies, Utsav, Agro Impact and Real Mazon. The department had to scan the technical bids by June 5 and the report was to be submitted to the committee headed by the IDC. The contract process for HSRP in UP is much delayed. The Supreme Court had given the April 30 deadline to all the states to complete the contract process.The implementation of HSRP scheme in UP had run into a rough weather after the high court scrapped the earlier contract awarded to Mumbai-based Shimnit Ustsch Pvt. Ltd., for all the hanky-panky involved in the process. In a case of once bitten twice shy, state transport department is acting extra cautious in the contract process this time.The contract will be awarded to a single firm for fitment of plates in the existing motor vehicles in the state. There are about 8-10% new vehicles added to the existing fleet every year in the state. All new motor vehicles will have the new registration plates while the motor vehicles currently in use will be fitted with HRSP within two years of the implementation of the scheme.The total number of motor vehicles in Lucknow region, as on March 2012, was 21.6 lakh, whereas it is 1.2 crore in the entire state. The state will award the contract for a period of 10 years.HSRP has been introduced by the Central government for prevention of counterfeiting and duplication of registration plates and to ensure uniformity in size, colour and specification of HSRP in all types of motor vehicles. The HSRP scheme makes it mandatory that only the authorised dealer can fit the plate and the entire process has to be done at the regional transport office.The firms with the type approval certificate can only bid for the contract in different states. The numerous litigations that have been filed, since 2001, ever since CMVR were amended, challenging the awarding of contracts has kept the implementation of HSRP scheme waiting for years, in most of the states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13881282", "title": "Jewellers' duping case: Cops get clues", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch is working on certain clues in the jewellers' duping case. The Sangvi police, where the case is registered, and the crime branch are investigating the case. \"We have some clues on which the teams are working,\" said Vinod Satav, assistant commissioner of police (crime).A gang of three people, including a woman, on the pretext of purchasing gold, allegedly duped three jewellers to the tune of Rs 2.09 crore on Tuesday. The trio decamped with 6.7 kg gold after handing over iron bars of the same weight to the jewellers.Before the incident, the suspects had won the jewellers' confidence by purchasing gold bars worth Rs 10 lakh from them.On Tuesday, they asked the jewellers to come to a row house in Vishalnagar, Sangvi, with the gold.One of the suspects identified as Viral Shah asked them to put the gold bars in separate boxes, saying that the bars had to be 'scanned in a machine' to check their purity. He returned the boxes to the jewellers and went out of the house and locked the door from outside before fleeing. After waiting for a while, the jewellers became suspicious and one of them broke open one of the boxes to find iron bars instead of the gold bars. It was later found that the scanner was just a conveyor belt on which the boxes were taken to another room. The suspects changed the boxes and sent out similar-looking sealed boxes with the iron bars.According to Satav, two teams, one from the anti-extortion cell, led by Sachin Sawant, and the other, unit-III of the crime branch, led by inspector Sunil Pawar, are investigating the case.Senior police inspector of the Sangvi police station, Shantaram Tayade, said four teams of the Sangvi police were investigating the case.\"We have found two passports at the row house. One passport belongs to the woman suspect,\" Tayade said, adding that we are checking whether the passports are original.Investigations have revealed that the suspects had used only cell phones to contact the jewellers. \"The SIM cards of these phones were purchased in the name of the woman and had been obtained on the basis of the passport,\" a senior official from the crime branch said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "13878669", "title": "Sizzling Angul takes fizz out of denizens", "text": "ANGUL: Temperature soared to a staggering 47.3 degree Celsius on Wednesday with the entire coal town of Talcher wearing a deserted look from 9 am to 5 pm. On Monday and Tuesday, the highest temperature recorded was 46.5 degrees.With scorching heat making life miserable, people are staying indoors till sundown. Shops and other business establishments are open till 9 am only. The heat wave condition has been so intense, that there has been no respite in the evening too.\"It is not possible to go out of the house after 8 am due to scorching heat,\" Droupadi Sahoo, a resident of Danara village, which is adjacent to Balarama coal mine, said, adding this is undoubtedly the worst summer I have experienced in my life. For the first time heat has forced us to stay indoors all day long.\"Talcher, which is considered one of the hottest places in the country, particularly during the summer, has seen mindless industrialization and felling of trees over the years. Continuous burning of coal stacks at various mines has added to the woes of the residents, it is alleged.\"Coal mines and power plants emit huge amount of carbon monoxide, nitrous oxide and other gases which shoot up temperature. Besides, thousands of heavy vehicles contribute to the rise in temperature in the region\", it is alleged.Talcher sub-collector Sitanshu Rout said, \"We have instructed The Mahanadi Coalfields Limited to go for massive plantation in the region. We have also asked them not to work during day time. We are providing drinking water to people through tankers at various places.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13881219", "title": "Spared the gallows, brothers will spend rest of life in prison", "text": "Chennai: Confirming the death sentence handed to Gopi and Mohan , a two-judge bench of the Supreme court said the circumstances of the murder pointed to the \"depravity\" of the brothers .On June 28,1998, a Supreme Court bench , comprising Justice M K Mukherjee and Justice G B Pattanaik , felt that the case against only Mohan and Gopi would fall within the parameter of the 'rarest of rare ' cases .They said : \"The incident appears to be gruesome ... The accused persons murdered a young boy and , in furtherance of their plan , tried to dispose of the body .\"Explaining the reasons which warranted the death sentence for the brothers , the judges said : \"Aggravating circumstances on the part of Mohan and Gopi clearly demonstrate their depraved state of mind and the brutality with which they took the life of a young boy .Itfurther transpires that after killing the boy and disposing of the dead body ,Mohan also did not lose his lust for money and got a ransom of 5 lakh .\"Among the other members of the gang, Sampath was sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for 10 years , while Chandrasekaran died during the trial . TheMadrashighcourtconfirmed the sentence on May 27, 1997. All four gang members appealed in the Supreme Court.President Pratibha Patil , exercising her power to \"grant pardons , reprieves , respites or remissions of punishment or to suspend , remit or commute thesentenceof any person convicted of any offence\" , as provided for under Article 72 of the Constitution , commuted their death sentence to life imprisonment , with the rider that they will spend the rest of their lives in prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi/patna", "code": "13878493", "title": "CBI to probe Ranvir Sena chief\u2019s killing", "text": "NEW DELHI/PATNA: With the Bihar government ordering a CBI probe into the murder of Ranvir Sena chief Brahmeshwar Singh 'Mukhiya', the agency will register a case on Thursday. Director general of police (DGP) Bihar Abhayanand will also meet the CBI director on Thursday morning to discuss the investigations and the current law and order situation in Bihar.CBI sources say \"they will immediately send a team of special crimes to Ara district and recreate the incident\". The CFSL officials would also accompany the investigating team.Meanwhile, the Bihar SIT has reportedly arrested one Ritesh Singh alias Monu in connection with the murder. Monu is said to be a close aide of JD(U) legislator Sunil Pandey. The agency will take him in its custody.Singh was taking a morning walk last Friday when some unidentified gunmen shot him dead at Katira Mohalla.Chief minister Nitish Kumar ordered the CBI probe, the decision to hand over the case to the agency taken following a high-level meeting in the morning. Chief secretary Navin Kumar, Abhayanand and principal secretary (home) Amir Subhani were present at the meeting that continued for nearly two hours.The CM reportedly expressed concern over the failure of intelligence agencies. On Wednesday evening, Kumar, who postponed his Seva Yatra to Bhojpur beginning on Thursday, met governor Devanand Konwar. \"There is no justification of the yatra. Officials in Bhojpur are still grappling with some unfortunate happenings and have not made adequate preparations for the visit,\" Kumar said.Singh's son Indu Bhushan said that he was satisfied with the government's decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13881798", "title": "Mysore's cycle track goes off track", "text": "MYSORE: The cycle track on Lalitha Mahal Road has turned into a death trap due to negligence of authorities.One of the heritage city's much-acclaimed segregated 1.2-km long cycle track has gone \"off track\" as it lacks maintenance with debris and sign boards being dumped here. The cycle track was inaugurated only a few months ago and Mysore is the first city to boast of such tracks.The ongoing wall construction work of Abdul Nazar Sab State Institute of Rural Development ( ANSSIRD) has made the track really pathetic with dumping of construction materials like stones, sand and jelly on the way.\"It was a happy moment when MCC dedicated such a track for cyclists. But the plan didn't take off well due to lack of maintenance and negligence,\" said cyclist H Nagaraj. He is now forced to cycle on the main road rather than taking the track.While another youth cyclist said authorities are discouraging people who wish to cycle for health and promote eco-friendly ways. Further, he requests authorities to make way for good and clear tracks.Zone 9 assistant commissioner Mahesh, said, \"We have received similar complaints on the construction of wall compound for ANNSSIRD. We have written to institute officials concerned. It's likely to be cleared within 15 days.\"Further, he added, \"We have also fixed three-water point leakage that occurred along the track. The construction work on this track has been going on for at least 25 days.\"Urban development minister Suresh Kumar proposed segregated tracks in the city to encourage cycling among people and turn Mysore city into a bicycle-friendly place as the terrain was mostly flat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "pudukkottai", "code": "13879738", "title": "This school fails to make a mark", "text": "Pudukkottai: The Government Higher Secondary School in Aavoor village in Pudukkottai district has a curious distinction. The number of students who failed in the SSLC examination this year has far outnumbered the number of those who passed in the exam. The teachers of the school have come in for sharp criticism from parents of the students, who have decided to take them to task.The school registered an all-time low percentage of 43 in the SSLC examination. As many as 111 students, including 68 boys and 43 girls, wrote the examination under the Samacheer Kalvi system this year. Unfortunately, only 48 students, including 22 boys and 26 girls, managed to pass the examination. The passing percentage dipped to an all-time low as many students failed in three subjects- Tamil, English and Mathematics. M Prabavathy from Sengalakudi topped the school, scoring 400 marks.Frustration over the poor performance of the students provoked parents to hold teachers at the school responsible. On Tuesday, a group of parents led by P Moorthy, the president of Aavoor village panchayat and A Sekar, the vice-president, held a meeting with the school headmaster M A Peer John to express their disappointment over the outcome of the SSLC examination. During the meeting, parents complained about the lethargic attitude of some of the teachers. However, the teachers passed the buck on to the students, attributing the failure to the casual attitude of the students.\"The teachers were often busy using their mobile phones during school hours and paid no heed to students coming from the backward society. Last year, the school was preferred by many students for availing quality education. However, the situation turned upside down this year and students are preferring to leave the school and join a better one for their higher studies citing the poor performance in SSLC examination,\" Moorthy told TOI.Sekar said that the headmaster has assured to take up the issue with higher officials to find a solution. \"We did not expect such a result as our teachers had put in a lot of effort for a good result. Our school secured 67% in the SSLC examinations last year and 88% in HSC this year. It was the students' careless attitude which resulted in failure. The parents do not bother even if the teachers keep them informed about the progress of their wards,\" headmaster Peer John said. Attempts to contact the chief educational officer ( CEO) went in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13898736", "title": "Why is South drawing wide acclaim?", "text": "What is it about South films that are drawing wide acclaim? The ingredients of a South film can never be understood. For you can never really analyze what makes for a successful film in the South. Whatever they are, the world or at least Bollywood seems to be smitten by the South film formula. Of late, a lot of South remakes have gone on to become blockbusters in Hindi and also recorded phenomenal collections on the very opening day at the Box office.Vijay-starrer Pokkiri was remade as Wanted in Hindi with Salman in the lead. The Eid release perhaps marked the beginning of a remake trend that was far from reality only a few years ago. Aamir Khan's film Ghajini again a remake from Tamil by the same name, created a record of sorts in Bollywood.Tamil hit Singham was remade in Hindi with Ajay Devgn reprising Suriya's role in the original Tamil film Singam.The latest of course, is Prabhu Deva's Rowdy Rathore , again a remake of South (Telugu) film, Vikramarkudu , with Bollywood's Khiladi Akshay Kumar .Wondering what next? Well, we all know that Hindi cinema is ruled by the three Khans. So, when Salman and Aamir had a taste of the South film, can Shah Rukh Khan be far behind? Not really. The Bollywood Badshah is all set to star in the Hindi remake of the 2002 Tamil action flick Ramanaa. There's also a rumour doing the rounds that Aishwarya Rai Bachchan might romance him in the movie.Can SRK pull it off and capitalize on Bollywood's new hit formula? Considering he has a connect with the Tamil audience with his role in Ra.One , it seems like a possibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13879320", "title": "Will discuss aviation FDI with Mamata Banerjee: Ajit Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh will soon discuss with West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee the issue of allowing foreign airlines to pick up stake in Indian carriers, which her party Trinamool Congress has been opposing.\"We will talk to Mamata and we will talk to DMK. We have already talked to NCP,\" Singh said while talking to reporters here after meeting home minister P Chidambaram on Wednesday.Singh had met Banerjee once earlier to persuade her to give a go-ahead to the proposal that was originally mooted by the commerce ministry. Later, the proposal was approved by the civil aviation ministry. Trinamool Congress, a key UPA partner, has been opposing it for quite some time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13878632", "title": "Over 2.33 lakh students return to school today in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: On the eve of school reopening for the academic year 2012-13 on Wednesday, parents and their wards were seen in markets across Goa engaged in frantic shopping activity - picking up rainwear, footwear and the needed stationery.Over 2.33 lakh students will return to the 1,245 primary schools and 381 high schools to enter an academic year that will be fraught with challenges.The state has sorted the medium of instruction issue for now for primary schools in the state, but the academic year expects many changes during its course with the state rules of the Right to Education Act set to be notified anytime soon bringing in extension of schooling hours among other changes.Schools, parents and students each have different expectations, concerns and excitement. Principal of Bhatikar Model high school of Margao, Revati Kane, said, \"We approach every year by preparing an annual plan where we decide how to begin with an academic year and we will have the meeting soon. Our school has bettered our infrastructure over the past year-and-a-half and is making efforts to keep the area safe so students don't fall and hurt themselves due to the conditions caused by monsoons.\"Owner of a stationery store in Panaji said, \"There is an increase in sales as our products such as tiffin boxes, notebooks, water bottles and pens are sought after at this time of the year. We used to have a lunch break from 2-3pm, which we have cancelled for 8-10 days now and we keep the shop open till 9pm so that we can attract customers and they can come to us at their convenience.\" Student of Fatima Convent high school of Margao, Celeste Fernandes, will be entering Class IX and has mixed feelings about the beginning of the new academic year. \"I like rains but not while going to school. It is boring to get up in the morning and go out while it's raining. But I am excited about meeting my best friends in school. I recently went shopping for shoes, umbrellas, books and bag. This is one reason I love the beginning of school because I get to do a lot of shopping,\" Celeste said chirpily.\"I am excited about going back to school as the first day will be like an offday anyway as not much teaching happens on that day,\" said Margao student Saish Salelkar of Mahila Nutan high school.Seema P Kumar, a resident of Ponda and mother of two - one entering Class X and another in Class V, said, \"My son is entering Class X so we are worried as parents about him. He is sensitive to rain and so we are also taking measures to protect him especially because he will be attending classes after school as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13895518", "title": "Accident in Chennai creates traffic chaos", "text": "CHENNAI: Three persons were injured in a road accident near Kodambakkam at 6am on Thursday when a private bus (TN 21 AB-7546) hit against a mini-van near Dr Ambedkar statue near Kodambakkam. Police said, after the accident the van driver lost the control of the vehicle and ran over the median. The van rammed into a bus coming in the same direction which also hit a tricycle rider.The van driver Azhaguraja, who hails from Sellur near Madurai, bus driver Saibaba (23) of Sivaganga and the tricycle rider were injured in the mishap. By the time, Pondy Bazaar traffic investigation removed the vehicles traffic was thrown out of gear on Arcot Road for half-an-hour.A software engineer Satish Kumar , native of Madurai, booked the van to transport the goods from Madurai to Vadapalani in Chennai. Satish Kumar, who was newly married, reached Chennai by train. Police have registered a case against Saibaba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13875786", "title": "Many Nagpur areas may face 7-hour power cut", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of many areas having high power distribution losses including Lashkaribagh, Kamptee Road, Wathoda, Hasanbagh, Binaki, Tajbagh, Mominpura etc may have to face harrowing time in the coming months as MSEDCL will enforce seven-hour-long power cut.Any MSEDCL division (including franchisee areas), having losses above 34%, is subjected to a minimum 5.30 hour power cut. The maximum is 11 hours in urban areas and 16 hours in rural areas. According to a June 2 circular, MSEDCL has decided to enforce load shedding on basis of 11 KV feeder level losses. If the losses do not go below 34% by the end of July then load shedding will be enforced as per the division level protocol.The circular is not applicable to franchisee area presently as Spanco has been given time till August 15 to reduce losses. \"However, after that unless the head office gives an extension, the franchisee too will have to enforce feeder level load shedding. If that does not happen - which is highly unlikely - then the entire franchisee area will face 5.30 hour load shedding,\" a senior MSEDCL official said.Till May 15, residents of Nagpur were exempt from load shedding as the city is a revenue division headquarters. However, MSEDCL decided to withdraw this special status and asked Spanco to reduce losses in franchisee area below 34% by August 15 or enforce 5.30 hour power cut.This decision will remove the spectre of load shedding over areas having low losses like core Civil Lines, large portions of Manewada and Mahal, Central Avenue, ST stand, Narendra Nagar, etc. However, the remaining areas will now face daily power cuts of 5.30 hours, 6.15 hours or 7 hours depending upon the loss level.An MSEDCL official said that there are 130 feeders of which around 70 have losses below 34%. Around 30 feeders have losses above 50% and the remaining 30 feeders have between 34% and 50% losses.Meanwhile, power consumer activist Pratap Hogade said that he would strongly oppose the new circular. \"How can MSEDCL give special status to franchisee area? The norms have to be same for both MSEDCL and franchisee consumers. Does MSEDCL want to protect power thieves in franchisee areas,?\" the president of consumer organization MRVGS asked adding that this issue would be raised in the MERC hearing on load shedding on June 22.Hogade further said that while MRVGS fully supported feeder level load shedding, it strongly objected to MSEDCL's move to enforce it without MERC's permission. \"When the hearing on load shedding plan is going on how can MSEDCL come out with a new circular,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13877477", "title": "Semester system encourages students to opt for PCM", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The multiple choice questions (MCQ) of semester system that ensures cent per cent marks is encouraging more and more students to seek admission in group A (Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics-PCM) this academic year.Last year, of the 1.2 lakh students who opted for science in class XI, almost 60 per cent took group A.Neel Patel, a class XI student who is all set to opt for PCM, says: \"My career line was decided two years back, but what has facilitated my decision is the semester system. With MCQs, I have an option to score cent per cent marks.\"Adds Riddhi Thorat, another class XI student, said: \"If you manage to clear your basic concepts, then with MCQs, you can really improve your grades. Undoubtedly, the semester system is a blessing.\"There are few students who were apprehensive about their decision but finally decided in favour of group A, thanks to the semester system that brings down the burden and stress level. Anjali Desai, a class XI student, says: \"In spite of scoring 91%, I was scared in choosing PCM, but then when I spoke to my seniors about the semester system, I gained confidence to choose the stream of my choice.\"Many students opting for group B share similar views about the semester system. Niharika Sinha, who has opted for group B, says: \"Biology has fascinated me always and I have always scored well in the subject. But now with MCQs, I can be confident of scoring full marks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13876364", "title": "2 medical colleges on cards in Gautam Budh Nagar district", "text": "Greater Noida: In an effort to boost education facilities and health services across Gautam Budh Nagar district, the state government is mulling over opening two medical colleges. The colleges will come up within the premises of the two multispecialty district hospitals located in Noida and Greater Noida. The district does not have any government medical colleges yet.Greater Noida Authority CEO, Rama Raman, said the government has also constituted a six-member committee headed by IIDC Anil Kumar Gupta to look into the feasibility of the projects. The committee is likely to meet in Lucknow before the end of this week. Once a feasibility report is prepared, it will be forwarded to the government.\"There is a noticeable imbalance of medical personnel and facilities across the district and this is because the district does not have any medical colleges run by the state. As per plan, the two colleges will have infrastructure and teaching staff at par with any premier private medical institute in the country, minus the steep fees. This will give students a chance to pursue their MBBS degrees irrespective of their economic backgrounds,\" an official said.\"The Ambedkar Multispecialty Hospital in Noida and the Kanshiram Multispecialty Hospital in Greater Noida have ample space to accommodate the two proposed colleges. The government will give us further directions to give shape to the proposal once the feasibility report is submitted by the committee,\" he added.Both the hospitals are part of the 'dream projects' of former UP chief minister Mayawati. Constructed at a cost of over Rs 500 crore each, they are the only government multispecialty hospitals in the entire Gautam Budh Nagar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13880582", "title": "Mathura clashes result of administrative failure, admits government in Assembly", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government on Wednesday admitted on the floor of the assembly that the recent clash in Mathura was an utter failure on part of the administration and promised that action would be taken against the guilty after an impartial inquiry.\"We vehemently condemned the communal riots, resulting in four deaths and injuries to over 50, besides loss of property in Koshi Kalan area of Mathura district,\" parliamentary affairs minister Azam Khan said while replying on an adjournment notice in the House. \"We are ashamed of this incident and its occurrence within two months is a great challenge for the government,\" he said, adding that it was a matter of grave concern.The clashes could have been nipped in the bud if the district administration had acted promptly and swiftly, he said. No doubt, officials had been transferred from Mathura, but that was not enough, as deterrent action was needed to be taken against guilty officials in order to discourage the recurrence of such incidents in the future.For this purpose, he said an impartial inquiry would be conducted to fix the accountability of officials and identify all those responsible for flaring up the clash, he said, while rejecting the opposition's demand for an inquiry by a sitting high court judge into the incident.Earlier, members belonging to Congress, RLD and BJP alleged laxity on the part of the district administration in handling the situation. Raising the issue, Hukum singh of BJP said that timely action would have prevented the situaiton.Thakur Tejpal Singh, RLD MLA from Kosi Kalan, also blamed a former BSP minister Chaudhry Laxami Narain for instigating people and said a minor issue which could have been solved was ignited in order to gain political mileage in the coming local bodies' elections.Leader of the Opposition Swami Prasad Maurya said one of those named in the FIR, brother of the former minister, was present in the Vidhan Parishad of which he is a member and apprehended that his name could have been dragged into it as part of a conspiracy.Earlier, during question hour session, the government today said that it had asked the Centre to increase the BPL quota for the state by permitting the inclusion of more poor families under the scheme.\"We have urged the Centre to increase the number of BPL families. The Union government decides the number of BPL cards to be issued, therefore we have made the request in this regard,\" food and civil supplies minister Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiya said in the assembly in reply to a question raised by Congress member Anugrah Narain Singh.Under Public Distribution system 106.79 lakh families were issued ration cards out of which 65,84,500 were BPL card holders and the rest had Antyodaya card, he said.In reply to another question raised by Reeta Bahauguna Joshi of Congress, revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary said 54 persons died and six others injured, while 4,012 houses were gutted in various incidents of fire in the state during this summer.As a relief measure, the minister said Rs 1.96 crores were disbursed from National Disaster Relief Fund (NDRF). Joshi raised the matter during the Question Hour in which she sought to know relief measures initiated by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13897929", "title": "Joker", "text": "CreditsDirector: Shirish Kunder Producer: UTV Motion Pictures, Three's Company and Hari Om Productions Cast: Akshay Kumar and Sonakshi Sinha Music: G. V. Prakash Kumar SynopsisEver wondered if aliens were to visit a village that is not on the map of our country, what hell would break loose?!Joker is the story of Agastya (Akshay Kumar), a researcher probing the existence of aliens in the universe , who returns to his small little native village. The out of luck Agastya takes it upon himself to put his crazy village on the global map and continues with his alien exploration from there.While his plan gets the village attention from across the world, it also comes with a great deal of risk. Will aliens save the day for Akshay? Or will his plans fall like a pack of cards? Get set for India's first ever extra-terrestrial drama-comedy - Joker!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13878066", "title": "Voltage fluctuation returns to haunt Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: After several years of lull, voltage fluctuation has - a phenomenon that electricity consumers in Kolkata had forgotten-returned to haunt households in city pockets. The installation of more than one after more than 1 lakh ACs has were installed and switched on to beat the heat, triggering a huge surge in power demand, thereby affecting the robustness of the CESC network in pockets. Power fluctuations were frequent in the 1970s when voltage stabilizers had to be used to prevent damage to electrical goods and appliances due to the sudden dip and surge.\"Since May 1, CESC has received 40,000 applications for installation of ACs. These are mostly consumers who are installing the second air conditioner in their homes. The actual number of ACs installed will be more than twice the number of applications. First time AC buyers don't inform CESC because electricians tell them that the average household meter is capable of carrying the load of a 1.5 tonne AC without the need for upgrade. It is true in the case of individual houses. But if ACs are installed in 16 out of 20 apartments in a building, then it leads to a problem as the cable is not unlikely to be equipped to handle the load. Though there has been no fault in the network, there have been instances in which cables have become so hot that loose connections have occurred, leading to voltage fluctuations,\" a CESC official said.While the problem has occurred in pockets across the city, it is more acute in areas that has seen small apartment blocks mushroom in recent times - Baranagar, Sinthee More, Jessore Road, Nagerbazar, Dum Dum, Agarpara, Lake Town, Bangur Avenue, Tollygunge, Bansdroni, Ranikuthi, Jadavpur, Ganguly Bagan, Santoshpur, Patuli, Panchaysayar, Bypass Connector, Sakher Bazaar, Parnasree and Sarsuna. Though not all houses are plagued by the in these localities are facing a problem, there are several households within these localities that reported fluctuations in voltage.To deal with the situation, CESC has stopped all scheduled work and put the entire force into emergency mode to meet complaints on an emergency footing. \"We are aware that any outage in this weather condition will cause hardship. Hence, we are trying to minimize the response time,\" the official said.The situation could have been a lot more challenging had CESC not consistently upgraded the distribution network, making it robust enough to accommodate the load and fluctuations without causing any outage. On Wednesday, no LT fault was reported till evening, a major achievement given that the network registered dozens of fault on a daily basis during summers till a couple of years ago when peak demand was at least 400MW less.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13882088", "title": "Poor results in Bachelors of Computer Applications course leave Panjab University officials worried", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Bachelors of Computer Applications (BCA) is one course at Panjab University in which majority students, particularly those without a maths background, have been showing awful results over the last 3 years.With a dismal overall pass percentage of 36. 65% in 2009, 33.85% in 2010 and 49.04% in 2011 in BCA-I across all PU affiliated colleges, the course has been open to students from all streams of Class XII. The poor performance of students in the first year of BCA has been an issue of debate in the PU senate throughout last year.Certain principals have been suggesting that non-maths background is the key reason for students' failure and only the students with a maths background in Class XII should be allowed to opt for BCA. As of now, the course is open to students of all disciplines. Students who study maths in Class XII get a 5 mark bonus during the BCA counseling in colleges, said an official in-charge of BCA joint counseling. The joint counseling for BCA for academic session 2012-2013 is meant only for the government colleges, while the private ones will declare their own lists.In 2011, a total of 3,739 candidates appeared for BCA-I exams under PU, of which 1,049 failed.Seat break-up in PU affiliated colleges of ChandigarhCollege name BCA seatsDev Samaj College For Women-45 80 seats DAV College-10 120 seats, Post-graduate Government College for Girlsa??42 80 seats Post-graduate Government College for Girls-11 80 seats SGGS College-26 120 seats GGSCW-26 40 seats GGDSD College-32 120 seats Post-graduate Government College-46 40 seats MCM DAV College for Women-36 80 seatsJoint counseling for BCA will be conducted by PGGC-46 this year", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13879767", "title": "Nalanda Capital ups stake in V-Guard", "text": "KOCHI: Following the positive results posted by power systems maker V-Guard Industries Ltd (VGIL) in the fourth quarter, private equity firm Nalanda Capital has raised it stake in the company to over 5.03% on Wednesday.Kochi-based VGIL's MD Mithun Chittilappilly said Nalanda has increased its stake in VGIL via open market purchases. It raised the stake through two funds - Nalanda India Fund Ltd and Nalanda India Equity Fund Ltd - for an undisclosed sum. The Singapore-based fund had acquired a 2.23% stake in VGIL through open market purchases for about Rs 11.5 crore in February last year and subsequently raised it to 4.99% in a transaction valued at about Rs 15 crore, industry sources said. Nalanda is understood to be keen to raise its minority stake in VGIL further, even as foreign institutional investors have been growing their presence on VGIL's investment chart since last year. \"We also have high net worth individuals on our investor list who are advised by Ascendus Capital. These investors hold about a 3% stake in the company,\" Mithun said.Nalanda, a $400-million fund headed by former Warburg Pincus India MD Pulak Prasad, secializes in acquiring minority stakes in companies and exiting them at higher than benchmark rates. In February this year, the firm bought a 2.35% stake in Bangalore-based Mindtree Ltd through open market transactions. It also sold 77.32 lakh shares of Kalanidhi Maran-owned Sun TV Network Ltd at Rs 370.09 per share to an undisclosed party. The firm has investments in Mindtree, Triveni Engineering, WNS Global, Berger Paints and Kalanidhi Maran-owned Sun TV Network, among a host of other companies.Promoted by Kochouseph Chittilapilly, Kochi-based power systems maker V-Guard operates in two segments -- electronics and electrical/electro mechanical products. The company manufactures a range of products namely voltage stabilizers and UPS, pumps, solar/electric water heaters and low-tension cables.VGIL recently diversified into the market for kitchen equipment by introducing its induction cookers in India. Another area of diversification by VGIL is into switchgear and ELCBs (Earth Leakage Circuit Breakers), which it has introduced in the Kerala market, ahead of marketing its product range nationally.Net sales of VGIL during the fourth quarter ending March 31, 2012, increased 24.3% to Rs 276.46 crore from Rs 222.35 crore a year earlier. Net sales during the entire fiscal 2012 reached Rs 986.56 crore, increasing 36% from Rs 723.32 crore in 2011.The company's current market capitalisation is Rs 640 crore. Promoters hold about 70% of the company's total shareholdings currently.VGIL's stock closed down by 0.39% at Rs 214.50 on the Bombay Stock Exchange on Wednesday. The stock is currently trading at an 11% discount to its 52-week high of Rs 240.80.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13878049", "title": "Central nod to salary hike for Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan resource persons", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) has received approval from the central government to hike the salaries of its block and cluster resource persons substantially. The poor salaries were the main reason for the Goa SSA's underutilization of funds for the last five years as several block and cluster resource persons would resign while the academic year was in progress due to the pay situation.The block resource persons, who were paid 12,000 per month so far, will now be paid 25,000 per month. The cluster resource persons will receive a salary of 20,000 per month as against the earlier 10,000.In the year of its inception in 2005, the GSSA utilized less than half of the amount sanctioned to it. While an amount of 1,102.69 lakh was approved for the year, only 490 lakh was utilized. In 2006-07, GSSA again was able to utilize only half of the amount- 1,108.99 lakh of the 2,096.36 lakh sanctioned to it.The GSSA was not able to cope again with the annual work plan and budget allotted to it for the year 2007-08. And yet again, only 1,219.33 lakh of the 1,679.86 lakh allotted to it was utilized. Reasons for the underutilization of funds have remained the same throughout-non-filling up of posts of cluster and block resource persons caused during the year due to resignations.The young graduates who join as block and cluster resource persons choose to resign when better employment opportunities arise during the academic year.In 2010, SSA had yet again underutilized funds allotted to it by around 50%. Of the 454 lakh allotted to GSSA, only 236 lakh was utilized up to September 30, 2010. The situation is set to change now with the hike in the salaries of the resource persons, who are the key persons in motivating schools and teachers into meeting the academic targets under the SSA programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13878863", "title": "Deploy Muslim cops in areas having higher community count: Centre to states", "text": "NEW DELHI: Observing that the states have not yet fully implemented one of the key recommendations of the Sachar Committee report, the Centre has recently written to all the states reminding them to post at least one Muslim inspector or sub-inspector (S-I) in police stations that fall under areas having high concentration of Muslim population.In a note written to chief secretaries of all the states, the Union home secretary RK Singh urged them to send a status report on it by the end of this month.The committee, which was constituted on March 9, 2005, under the chairmanship of Justice Rajinder Sachar to prepare a comprehensive report on the social, economic and educational status of Muslims in India, had in its report in November, 2006, recommended this as an initiative to build confidence among community members.It suggested that it may be useful to have, at least, one Muslim inspector or S-I in police stations in areas having high concentration of Muslim population \"not as a matter to eliminate discrimination but as an initiative to build confidence\".Home ministry following up on Muslim cops planReminding the states about an elaborate note written by the then Union home secretary Madhukar Gupta four years ago on the issue, Singh in his note in March had said: \"I would once again request you to take appropriate action in the light of the recommendation and also apprise this ministry about the action taken in this regard\".Singh also asked them to do the follow up exercise again in December and make it a practice to send status report to the home ministry on a half-yearly basis.Sources in the home ministry said that though a number of states had started the practice to post at least one Muslim inspector or S-I in such police stations, the implementation was erratic and consequently the full compliance was yet to be achieved.Sachar Committee had made various recommendations which are being followed up simultaneously by different ministries, taking into account their jurisdiction and subject.\"The particular suggestion on posting of Muslim cops is being followed up by the home ministry,\" said an official, adding the status of implementation of other recommendations concerning overall welfare of Muslims will be discussed in the national conference of state ministers for minority welfare here on Thursday.He said: \"The Sachar Committee report was prepared after detailed and wide ranging consultation with state governments, NGOs, Universities, academic bodies, intellectuals and different bodies of the Central government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13883089", "title": "Fire at Haryana govt office destroys records", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A fire broke out in the office of Haryana industry department late Tuesday night. No one was injured in the incident, but valuable items worth lakhs of rupees were gutted.The incident occurred around 2am when nobody was inside the office. Several articles, including almirah, fans and air conditioners, besides office records were gutted. The firemen could not figure out the exact cause, but it is believed that a short circuit could have caused the fire.Firemen took over an hour to douse the flames with over half a dozen water tankers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13880166", "title": "Govt creates separate department for 2.1 crore disabled people", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move to focus on the problems of the disabled, the social justice ministry has carved a separate department to cater to the vulnerable group that accounts for over two crore of the population.The new disability department would be a big improvement on the small bureau in the ministry that merely had a joint secretary rank officer with staff strength of 40 to deal with the issues pertaining to the disabled.Despite the economic growth it has clocked, India is seen as lagging behind even among developing countries in terms of sensitivity towards the problems of the disadvantaged and a growing of whom wish to lead productive lives. It was felt that the troubles facing the disabled, counted at 2.1 crore in the 2011 census, figured low on the hierarchy of concerns of the ministry of social justice that has many politically ticklish issues on its plate.Creation of a new department is expected to redress the shortcoming. Social justice minister Mukul Wasnik said, \"With the creation of this new department, we will be able to focus more on policy issues and problems of persons with disabilities. There would be a separate budget for this department, which would help in strengthening the existing schemes and formulating the new ones, and also for technological innovations, which is very much required in this sector.\"The minister stressed that, with the responsibility of the welfare of the disabled assigned to a separate department, it would be easier to coordinate with various stakeholders, NGOs, state governments, related Central ministries and international organizations like the United Nations , as India is a signatory to UNCRPD.The new department would be headed by a secretary, three Joint Secretary-level officers among others. The entire staff strength would be around 150.There is growing consciousness about disability welfare in the wake of increased assertion from the target group about their rights. The Centre has already embarked on redrafting the Disability Act.The Centre runs seven National Institutes dealing with various disabilities, seven Composite Regional Centres which provide rehabilitation services to the disabled and run courses for rehabilitation professionals. It also funds NGOs involved in disability welfare besides National Handicapped Finance and Development Corporation which provides loans at concessional rates for self employment to the disabled.Times ViewWe hope that the creation of a new department for the disabled within the social justice ministry reflects a genuine determination on the part of the government to address their issues more effectively and not just a token gesture. It is also important that all of us in civil society recognise that it is not enough for the government to make an effort in this direction.If the manner in which our society deals with disability is to change, it is up to every one of us to contribute to that change. Institutions, whether in the public or private sector obviously have an important role to play, but so do individuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13887734", "title": "Tusshar plans a designer gift for Ekta", "text": "It was a new Ekta Kapoor that we saw at Karan Johar's birthday bash. While everyone expected her to turn up in one of her quintessential kaftans, she surprised all by choosing a silhouette hugging dress for the evening.And the once stickto-safe-loose-clothes Ekta has ever since dared to step out in the latest fashion gear. We learnt that brother Tusshar Kapoor has now decided to contribute to this change. Unlike Ekta's previous birthdays, this year, Tusshar will gift her a designer dress. In fact, he has ordered it especially from couturiers abroad for his sister's 37th birthday bash.Confirming the news, Tusshar told us, \"Ekta is much fitter now than before. So, a dress would be perfect for her.\" A source from the production house explained, \"Tusshar usually gifts her cell phones, perfumes and watches. Ekta so far had never been too much into fashion. She used to wear casual outfits for media events. But recently, she started hitting the gym. She has even started taking care about how she looks at parties. So, Tusshar thought that this birthday, he would gift her a designer ensemble.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13881332", "title": "Devi Ahilya library fails to hit the high points", "text": "INDORE: Once humming with activities, a glorious landmark of the city appears to be moving towards fadeout time. The fifty-year-old Devi Ahilya Government Library looks set to lose its way into a maze of books yellowing with age. Some of students TOI talked to, minced no words about library's \"failure\" to keep pace with the changing reading taste of students.Renowned poet and a retired principal of Gujrati College Dr Saroj Kumar said library is not been keeping up to expectations of the people of the city. Thousands of books have yet to be sorted out and are just lying on rack in unkempt condition. Moreover, the place which was earlier allotted for research purpose has now been clubbed with the newspaper reading space. This has caused a lot of inconvenience to the people who want to do serious reading, he added.There are people like Priyanka Bhende, an engineering student, who says that she is not aware of the government library.\"I usually purchase and get books issued from private libraries in Palasia, I never knew that a government library existed in Indore.\" Bhagyashree Joshi, a student from Renaissance College, says, \"I strongly believe that the public library should stock books of youths' choice.\" She finds the stuff at Devi Ahilya government library \"boring\". With e-libraries gaining popularity, the demand for the government library has taken a beating.Dr Jawahar Choudhry, an avid reader and visitor to the Devi Ahilya government library, who has seen the development of the library for the past many years said, \"Students who are interested in reading books of different genre should provide the library a list of books that they want to be stocked, so that they can be made available.\"G D Agrawal, the regional librarian of Devi Ahilya Government library says, \"Our library is full of books of different types. The new generation does not visit the library and so is not aware about the books that are available here.\" The library has a collection of around 70,000 books of almost every subject catering to almost every class of the society, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "13884101", "title": "Love junk food? Your baby will like it too", "text": "MELBOURNE: A new Australian study has found that pregnant rats who were fed a diet of junk food produced offsprings with a taste for sweet and salty treats, a research that can have implications for human beings as well.Even when fed a healthy diet after weaning, they continue to seek out junk food more than rats from healthy mothers and are prone to put on more weight, according to a media report. The research is said to have implications for human beings, the scientist Zhi Yi Ong, at the University of South Australia, said.She fed pregnant rats fatty and salty foods such as cookies, peanut butter, Cheetos and Fruit Loops to find out if offspring fed a healthy, balanced diet could recover from the effects of their mother's diet. However, she said the offspring is still predisposed to junk food-induced obesity later on in life.\"If a mother has everything in moderation, not too much junk food, and maintains a healthy diet, that will dictate what her offspring prefers later on,\" Ong said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13899101", "title": "Cabinet committee on security clears agenda for talks with Pak on Siachen", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is expected to stick to its stand on authentication of troop positions at Siachen at the upcoming talks with Pakistan.The issue was on Thursday discussed by the Cabinet committee on security (CCS), which cleared the stand to be adopted by India in this regard, sources said.Defence secretaries of the two countries will meet in Islamabad on June 11 and 12 in a bid to find a solution to the vexed issue which has been hanging fire for over two decades.Maintenance of troops in the glaciated mountainous region ranging in the altitude of above 15,000 ft is costing immensely to both countries in terms of monetary and human resources.Commenting on the upcoming talks, defence minister A K Antony had recently said in Parliament that no one should expect any \"dramatic\" results from the defence secretaries' talks.India and Pakistan have held several rounds of talks to resolve the Siachen issue.The two countries were close to an agreement a few years back on demilitarising the region but it failed to fructify as Pakistan refused to authenticate the current military positions of the two sides despite India pressing for it.During a visit to Siachen in 2005, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had said that the two countries should work to convert the highest battlefield into a mountain of peace.Recently Pakistan Army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani had contended that India had hardened its position on the Siachen issue as compared to the 1989 stance it had adopted, saying that it \"takes two hands to clap\".Reacting on Kayani's suggestion, the then Army chief Gen V K Singh had rejected Pakistani counterpart's proposal to demilitarise Siachen, dubbing it as a \"gimmick\".The armies of the two countries have lost more soldiers to hostile weather than in actual combat since April 1984 when Indian Army occupied the icy heights for the nation's strategic defence.The Siachen troop withdrawal issue gained prominence in Pakistan following a massive avalanche burying a Pakistan army camp there on April 7, resulting in the death of 129 soldiers and 11 civilians.Just after the incident, Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari advocated troop withdrawal from Siachen during his informal meeting with Prime Minister Singh in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877118", "title": "Government pins hopes on \u2018normal\u2019 monsoon", "text": "MUMBAI: The government is looking for a silver lining in the dark clouds that ascended over the state on Wednesday. With the met department forecasting a 'normal' monsoon, the state is hopeful of a turnaround in the drought situation and an increase in agriculture production by 15% over and above the average this year.\"After a truant monsoon last year, wherein our production fell by 26%, we are hopeful of a turnaround this year. Sufficient rains will help the drought situation,\" said state agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil.The state is reeling under a worst-ever drought in the last decade with nearly 6,200 villages being affected and water availability at its lowest in six districts. As a result, the state agriculture, 82% of which is rain-fed , has also suffered drastically. \"As far as other measures are concerned, the government is prepared. Now, the intensity of monsoon will have a big role to play in how things work out for us in the coming months,\" said Patil, adding that monsoon has already arrived and brought relief in some of the drought-hit areas and districts, including Sangli and certain talukas of Satara.As a drought relief measure, the cabinet on Wednesday relaxed the distance norms for areas that receive less than 20 litres of water. The scheme can now be implemented if no water body is present within 1 km of the area. The previous norm was 1.5 km.The state has also announced a crackdown on companies selling substandard seeds to farmers and creating an artificial shortage in the market. The government issued show-cause notices to Maharashtra Hybrid Seed Company (Mahyco) and Ajeet Seeds Ltd for unauthorized sale of seeds and not following the rules. The companies had promised delivery of 10 lakh packets but only 1.5 lakh were delivered. \"They created an artificial demand and then black-marketed the products,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13883069", "title": "Hit-and-run case: 'We want justice for our child'", "text": "PANCHKULA: The driver of the canter involved in the hit-and- run case has not been arrested two days after the accident. \"I asked the cops whether the driver had been arrested. They first said they have arrested the person, but later said that the driver was nabbed but had fled again. I don't know why they are giving contradictory statements,\" said Pratap .It has been two days and despite the fact that the police have the registration number of the canter, no arrests have been made till now.He said, \"They are giving varying statements. The incharge of the police post, Balwan Singh, simply told me that he had to go to the court and now you can ask the investigating officer (IO), Jaswinder Singh for further details.\"\"When the cops have the registration number of the canter, why have they not arrested the accused. He should have been arrested within hours of the incident. I don't know why they don't take hit-and-run cases seriously. We really want justice for our child,\" said another relative, S S Punia.It was on April 5 when on his way to tuition classes, Ajay Malik,18, was killed when his scooty was hit by a canter near the Ghaggar bridge, Sector 25. Ajay who is a resident of Sector 25, Panchkula had just gone into class XII this year.The inconsolable family, who lost their youngest child want the driver of the canter to be arrested immediately.When contacted assistant Commissioner of police (ACP), crime, Dheeraj Setia, said, \"I am not aware about any arrests in the case.\"Despite several calls and messages, deputy commissioner of police Parul Kush could not be contacted for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13883280", "title": "Two narcotics smugglers arrested", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police arrested a man, Ashu Singla of Shivpuri, from Jagraon with a huge amount of psychotropic drugs on Wednesday. Ashu's arrest led the police to Bassian resident Gulshan Kumar, who was to receive the consignment from him, but landed in police's trap.The cops recovered 3,200 Phenotil tablets, 1,800 Momotil tablets, 370 capsules of Parvonspas, 312 Proxyone capscules, 320 Carisoma tablets, 80 Nitrazepam tablets, 230 Haropam capscules and 35 bottles of Rexcof syrup from Ashu.Senior superintendent of police for Ludhiana rural Gurpreet Singh Toor said they had received information about Ashu Singla's movement with these drugs towards Bassian village for delivery. ''We laid a check post in Satowal village and nabbed the accused when he came in his white car,'' said the SSP.Toor said the preliminary investigation revealed Ashu had procured the drugs from a medical store in Pindi Street of the city and he used to supply these drugs in various villages of the district. A case was registered against both the accused under NDPS Act in Raikot police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13895788", "title": "Samajwadi Party goons preventing our candidate from filing nomination in Kannauj bypoll: Peace Party", "text": "Dr Ayub claimed that about 40 people, led by local Samajwadi Party leaders, abducted seven national and state-level office-bearers of the Peace Party at gun point on Tuesday night, a day before last date of filing nomination. He also alleged that goons abused Peace Party leaders, thrashed them and snatched nomination papers. He claimed that he was in Lucknow and after getting SOS call from Kannauj tried all night to contact director general of police, inspector general of police, district magistrate, Kannauj, and senior superintendent of police, Kannuaj, but to no avail.On Wednesday, Dr Ayub said that he raised the matter in the UP assembly. \"But as soon as I started speaking, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav left the house without replying and other Samajwadi Party leaders created din in the house not allowing me to speak further,\" he said.Kannauj seat had fallen vacant after Akhilesh resigned to take over as chief minister in March earlier this year. Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav decided to field 'bahu' Dimple to keep the constituency within the family. Akhilesh had won from Kannauj and Ferozabad in 2009 Lok Sabha elections. Later, he retained Kannauj. Dimple was fielded for Ferozabad bypoll but was defeated by Congress's Raj Babbar. It came as a humiliation for Mulayam who, sources said, this time is taking no chances and wants Dimple to win with record margin or create history by getting elected unopposed. Besides Dimple, two independent candidates have filed nomination. If these two candidates withdraw their candidature or are disqualified in the scrutiny process, Dimple will be declared elected.Mulayam is said to be trying every trick to compensate for the Ferozabad loss. The Congress had announced not to contest byelection in view of new-found bonhomie with Mulayam, who has assured SP's support in presidential elections. The BSP, on the other hand, has also decided not contest by offering a bizzare explaination that \"it will expose Samajwadi Party\". The actual reason of BSP keeping out of fray is that it is not in a position to give a fight to SP in Kannauj.The Bhartiya Janta Party (BJP) had earlier announced not to contest but on Wednesday took a U-turn and decided to field Jagdev Singh Yadav. However, Yadav could not file his nomination on time. He also accused Samajwadi Party workers of obstructing him from reaching the collectorate on time to file nomination. However, questions are being raised over BJP's intention because Jagdev is a panchayati level leader of the party who is in no way a match to Dimple. Political analyst described BJP's flip-flop as a 'face-saving' gesture as not fielding a candidate would have sent a wrong message to the cadre.Another candidate Prabhaat Pandey had also made allegations about being prevented from filing nomination by the SP goons.However, district magistrate and returning officer, Salva Kumari J, in her report to the chief election officer of Uttar Pradesh has given clean chit to the Samajwadi Party. According to sources, in her report, the officer said that nomination of all the candidates who turned up on time were accepted. Regarding complaints of Peace Party, Prabaat Pandey and BJP, the officer said that complainants did not report the matter to the police and also could not produce any evidence when asked to substantiate their allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13882230", "title": "Mysore\u2019s St Philomena\u2019s Church tells tourists to dress decently", "text": "MYSORE: The historic St Philomena's Cathedral here will soon have a dress code for foreign visitors. This follows complaints that their attire has not been in keeping with the sanctity of the place. The move planned by parishioners has the blessing of the bishop of Mysore, who said St. Philomena's is no marketplace but a place of worship.The celebrated church, built in the 1930s with assistance from Mysore Maharaja Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar, logs some 4,000 visitors, domestic and foreigners, a day. For some time, worshippers have been insisting that that certain dress regulations should be imposed.\"It is not about imposing a dress code, but ensuring foreigners don't wear indecent clothes in church. It's also to stop other tourists being distracted during prayers,\" the cathedral's parish priest Fr KA William told TOI.\"We have received several complaints from residents to impose certain regulations on foreigners who enter the place dressed improperly. We thought about imposing a code. After discussing with church committee members and higher authorities of the Mysore dioceses, we'll decide how to go about it,\" he added.There are not just complaints against foreigners. Church staff have noticed that domestic tourists, especially newly married couples, indulge in hugging on the church premises, Fr William explained.\"We have posted staff to ensure decency,\" he said. \"We ask those who behave indecently to leave the holy place,\" said Savila Mary, who works in the church. \"Similar rules are in place in European countries too and strictly followed in Vatican City,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13879676", "title": "Vice Admiral Anil Chandra Anand takes over as Navy's medical services chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Surgeon Vice Admiral Anil Chandra Anand, a super-specialist in gastroenterology, has taken over as then new director general of medical services (Navy).The senior officer pioneered the state-of-the-art liver transplant centre at the Army Hospital (R&R;) in New Delhi, apart postings as the head of department of 'medicine' at AFMC Pune and Army Hospital (R&R;) and commandant of Southern Command Hospital at Pune during his long career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13887200", "title": "Minor fire at finance ministry office", "text": "NEW DELHI: A minor fire broke out in the finance ministry this morning , a fire brigade official said.The blaze was reported from the ground floor room of the ministry in North Block at around 5:45 am and six fire tenders were rushed to the spot.No one was injured in the incident but furnitures, computer and other equipments were damaged.Cause of the fire is suspected to be short circuit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13899214", "title": "Online dating profiles show worst of web romance", "text": "A humour website has collected some odd snaps of wannabe romantics to highlight the worst the world of web dating has to offer.It's hard to understand whom they were hoping to impress, with messages that are likely to send suitors fleeing in terror.One is a little too up-front about his personal habits, confessing \"I fart a lot\".A middle-aged man bizarrely chose to pose leaning on a wheelie bin while wearing a bin bag.And if that wasn't quirky enough, he says the most private thing he is willing to admit is that he \"likes to drink pickle juice\".Another scary-looking guy, whose picture was taken by website okcenemies.tumblr.com, has opted for a snap of himself looking overweight on a beach.But if that wasn't enough, he also boasts of his \"welding and shooting\" abilities.A different man is unlikely to meet the right lady, confessing that on a typical Friday night he is \"shaving his public hair\" to be ready for the weekend.A tattooed fellow wearing dungarees and carrying a beer and a gun gives an insight into his childhood, revealing \"I was in beauty pageants and won as a boy, my dad forced me into it.\"\"My dad smokes hella weed,\" the Sun quoted him as saying.One man shows off his interest in history, with golden Egyptian-style headwear.But the lighthearted snap doesn't fit with his message, where he says he spends a lot of time thinking about \"the evil that men do\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13879729", "title": "Gold at record high, yet sales retain glitter", "text": "KOCHI: For the fourth day in succession, prices of the yellow metal touched record levels, but gold jewellery was still flying off the shelves of jewellery stores. On Wednesday, prices per sovereign touched Rs 22,120 in the Kochi market with per gram prices at Rs 3,021. On Saturday, gold prices had crossed the historical Rs 22,000 per sovereign mark.Industry watchers said gloomy equity markets and high interest rates are compelling investors to offload their gold holdings in Kerala.However, sales have been equally brisk and are being fuelled by the ongoing marriage season as well as expectations of prices rising further. Gold counters are said to have recorded an estimated 20-25% increase in sales in the past four days. An employee at the cash counter of a Kerala-based jewellery chain said on Wednesday that purchases were brisk despite with high prices proving a dampener. \"It is natural that most customers with high purchasing power do not postpone their plans to buy gold. The wedding season is another purchase stimulant. Moreover, if prices go up further, they only stand to gain from through opportunistic sales,\" he said.In the 10 gram bracket, prices in the futures market touched Rs 30,625 for 10 grams and was around Rs 30,320 at one point of time. Prices in India have remained high largely because of a sharp decline in the rupee's value to the dollar, which last week touched a record high of 56.51 against the rupee.In the 10 grams bracket, gold on Wednesday hit a fresh all-time high by adding Rs 100 to Rs 30,400 on brisk buying by stockists, triggered by a firming global trend. The precious metal had hit an all time high of Rs 30,300 per 10 grams on Saturday.Silver followed the suit, and shot up by Rs 1,200 to Rs 55,500 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.\"During last year's price run-up, scrap volumes were low, as Indian merchants withheld material ... in expectation of still higher prices,\" said HSBC in a note to gold traders on Wednesday.\"Following recent declines, the notion of even higher bullion prices may not be as widely held by Indian merchants, and recycled material is being handed in for processing at a much faster pace than last year,\" HSBC said, adding that it might result in modest pressure on prices.Kalyan Jewellery Managing Director T S Kalyanaraman said that pressure on prices was natural in the current economic situation. \"But we are seeing a contrarian picture in Kerala where people are selling off their old gold stocks to take advantage of higher prices. Simultaneously, those who really need to make fresh purchases for different occasions, especially marriage, have not let high prices deter them. Hence, purchasing pressure continues to drive demand and sales,\" he noted.International spot gold was around $1,619.32 a Troy ounce on Wednesday, up from a 2012 low of $1,527.24 an ounce on May 16. US gold futures for August delivery were up $17.80 an ounce at $1,634.70.Gold prices rose along with the euro, stocks and other commodities as investors hoped a European Central Bank policy meeting later would result in action to combat the euro zone financial crisis.Other precious metals rose in gold's wake, with both silver and palladium climbing nearly 3% to their day's highs. Commodities rallied broadly, with crude oil up nearly 1%, as a stronger euro supported interest in dollar-priced assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13876525", "title": "Ex-corporator arrested in Akola firing case", "text": "AKOLA: The city cops arrested Aliyar Khan alias Allu Pahelwan, former corporator Guddu Pahelwan and Salim Irani were arrested on Tuesday for their alleged involvement in the Bhandpura firing incident. With this, the number of arrests made climbed to 18. They have been remanded to police custody till June 8.Four cops were bashed up when they told Guddu Pahelwan to reduce the volume of music system being played during his son's marriage party on May 29. This led to police firing. Now, though under control the situation is tense in the area.Assistant Nazul supervisor in ACB net: Vilas Vinchankar, assistant Nazul supervisor, was caught red-handed while accepting a bribe of Rs 20,000 in exchange of issuing required documents of a flat, on Monday. After being produced before the magistrate, Vinchankar was remanded to police custody till Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13879788", "title": "Implement power plans in line with MoUs: Tuki", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki on Wednesday urged National Hydro Power Corporation (NHPC) to fast track implementation of power projects in the state in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in respective memorandum of understandings (MoUs). The development came as NHPC chief managing director (CMD) ABL Srivastava called on the chief CM in New Delhi on Tuesday to discuss the status of ongoing projects in the state, officials said.Tuki impressed upon the CMD that the NHPC should authorize the state government to recruit non-skilled posts for power projects to boost local employment. Srivastava assured Tuki that NHPC will consider the proposal and carry out the recruitment process in a phased manner, sources said. For recruitment of security personnel for its projects, Tuki asked the CMD to either employ locals as private security or request the state machinery to provide security guards on payment basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13897309", "title": "Dwayne Johnson sells California estate for $4.9m", "text": "Dwayne Johnson has sold his Hidden Hills estate at a knock-out price of 4.9 million dollars.The 40-year-old actor listed the Californian home in May and an unnamed businessman is said to have snapped up the property, the Daily Mail reported.It's currently in escrow and scheduled to close shortly, according to TMZ.com.The home is certainly family friendly, with one of the six bedrooms designed for a young girl in soft pinks and pastels, which formerly belonged to Johnson's ten-year-old daughter Simone.Another large room that stands out is what appears to be the master bedroom.Not only does it feature a huge bed, a desk and a giant television, but the room also has space for a large rug, a chez lounge and a statue.Being a WWE wrestler, many people would expect Johnson - who goes his ring name \"The Rock\" - to have a wrestling ring inside his home, however although he has plenty of space for one it seems that he opted against it.Instead, 'The Scorpion King' star has a cinema inside the property that includes comfy-looking seats and no doubt a popcorn machine.The house also features two luxurious guest bedrooms for when the actor has friends come and stay.And when it comes to entertaining his guests, Johnson not only has a huge kitchen inside his house but he also boasts an outdoor one too with a state of the art barbeque.Also in the garden is a large swimming pool that is located right on the edge of the garden, where residents can look out to a breathtaking view of Los Angeles .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13881316", "title": "India to assert 'equity' stance at Rio", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has warned negotiators to be ready for Brazil breaking away from the developing world to accept target-oriented sustainable development goals (SDGs) at the Rio conference that starts on June 20.The concern is that pressure to show success as the host country could prompt Brazil to break the deadlock by bringing a surprise text accepting \"thematic sustainable development goals\". India is opposed to thematic SDGs, while the European Union is pushing for their acceptance in the \"outcome document\".If it happens, negotiators should push for the inclusion of \"thematic areas\" in which it would be easier for India to achieve the targets. The Union Cabinet is likely to clear the negotiation line for Rio conference on sustainable development.Having barely rebuffed the developed world's pressure on climate change, the Rio conference is seen as another opening for rich countries to introduce uniform targets and timelines on poor countries without the adequate compensation in the form of technology or funds.The SDGs have emerged as bone of contention in Rio discussions with developing countries arguing that imposing standard global targets while jettisoning the existing Rio principle of 'common but differentiated responsibility' would put an unfair burden on poor countries. The developing world seeks to focus on themes like poverty eradication, preserving livelihoods and improving access to basic services by the poor and not giving primacy to environmental targets. It wants SDGs to be \"aspirational, voluntary and non-binding\".The fears echo the concerns over climate change talks since attaining environment goals would mean shifting to costlier technologies at the cost of growth and only provide a ready market for goods and services from the West. India and like-minded countries argue that their developmental imperatives should give them longer periods for use of non-renewable energy. The government is set to assert the principle of 'common but differentiated responsibility' at Rio. It would seek assurance that Green Economy principle, a pillar of Rio conference, would not lead to conditionalities or green protectionism, in turn, intruding into national policy sphere. The government has already raised a red flag to protectionist measures like EU emission trading scheme on civil aviation.While prescriptive SDGs united the developing bloc which includes the G-77 plus China, the tricky issue of Brazil breaking ranks due to its responsibility as the host country would have to be dealt by negotiators on the spot.The concerns about the developed world using the Rio conference to slip in responsibilities that it failed in climate change talks looms large as India prepares to reiterate its position in the Brazilian city. India would also oppose the elevation United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) to a specialized agency status as is being pushed by the EU.The apprehension is that turning UNEP into a global agency in the context of sustainable development would strengthen its environmental dimension without taking care of urgent needs of socio-economic development. A global agency is feared because it can become an intrusive monitoring body on environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13877349", "title": "Admissions to class XI science stream from June 8", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Admissions to class XI (science) in schools in the city and rural areas of Ahmedabad will begin on Friday. The admissions will begin a day after the students get their class X mark sheets on Thursday.The admission forms will be given from June 8 to 11 and the filled-in forms will be received during this period.According to officials, the higher secondary schools will reserve 40 seats for students of their own school and 10 seats for students from other schools in a division of 66 students. The schools will have to reserve 16 seats for students belonging to Scheduled Caste, Scheduled Tribe and other backward classes.The district education office (DEO) has directed the schools to retain the leaving certificate (LC) and other documents submitted by a student who takes admission in the school. Once the student gets admission, he will not be able to get back the LC, which is mandatory for admission in other schools.Officials said this was to curb duplication of admission where a student secures a seat in one school and then tries for admission in another. Officials say this causes burden on the admission system.Schools have been directed to complete admissions and send the details to the Shala Vikas Sankul (SVS), an umbrella body that regulates 50 schools. The schools have to furnish the details of the students from each section of class XI (science) and their merit cut-offs.Students from the reserved category who fail to get admission in class XI (science) will have to fill their forms at the specially designated eight schools in the city on June 19 and 20. Admissions will be granted to them through the DEO office in different schools on June 25.Similarly, the students of the general category who fail to secure admission in any school will have to fill forms at the specially designated eight schools on June 26. These students will be granted admission on the basis of merit by DEO officials by June 30.The admission schedule:*First merit list will be declared on June 12Fee will have to be paid on June 12 and 13*Second merit list will be declared on June 14Fee will have to be paid on June 14 and 15*Third merit list will be declared on June 16Fee will have to be paid on June 16 and 17Every student will get admission: DEODistrict Education Officer (DEO) RI Patel said that students seeking admission in class XI (science) should relax as there has been an increase in number of schools offering science stream in both English as well as Gujarati medium as compared to last year.\"There would not be a single student who does not get admission in class XI science. Most students want admission in a particular school which may not be possible but no student will be left without admission,\" he said. Last year, in Ahmedabad city, there were 74 Gujarati medium schools with 7,062 seats. Of these, 1,029 seats had remained vacant.There were 34 English medium schools with 2,772 seats of which 454 seats had remained vacant. In Ahmedabad rural, there were 45 schools with 3,742 seats of which 662 seats had remained vacant. There were 25 English medium schools with 1,782 seats of which 603 seats had remained vacant.The scene this year  Ahmedabad (city) Number of English-medium schools: 41 Number of seats: 3,432 Ahmedabad (rural) Number of English-medium schools: 29 Number of seats: 2,640", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "jaipur/alwar", "code": "13877273", "title": "Massive late night drive against illegal mining", "text": "JAIPUR/ALWAR: After being pulled up by the Rajasthan High Court for failing to curb illegal mining, the Alwar police kicked off a campaign against the menace in Tapukada and Behror area late on Wednesday night. The authorities seized a large number of mining equipment and cordoned off a huge area where the illegal activities are being carried out.During the last fortnight, more than 20 people had lost their lives in separate accidents at mining sites in the districts of Alwar, Bharatpur and Jaipur.On Wednesday evening, at least six companies of Rajasthan police in Alwar district scanned the area in and around Tapukada and Behror and started massive seizures of mining equipment.Similar raids are being conducted at Karauli and Dholpur districts.\"We have seized six JCM machines, 40 dumpers, two drilling machines, two power generators and other equipment,\" said Umesh Chand Dutta, superintendent of police, Alwar, who is leading the campaign with strength of around 600 policemen.Police started raids at these illegal mining areas in the evening when there are less number of workers.Dutta, accompanied with the district collector Ashutosh AT, further said, \"The campaign will continue throughout the night. We have identified at least 36 people who would be interrogated and we will arrest them after ascertaining their role in the illegal mining activities.\"The campaign is going peacefully and so far there is no instance of mining mafia coming into confrontation with the police, Dutta added.Earlier in the day, Saurabh Srivastav, inspector general of police, Jaipur range, talking to TOI, said, \"I have asked the concerned SPs in the districts such as Jaipur (Rural), Alwar, Dausa, Jhunjhunu and Sikar to identify the illegal mining practices in their areas and start campaign against them with a proper force.\"Box - A tractor trolley carrying stones overturned at a mining area situated at Samod village of Jaipur district. The driver of the tractor managed to save himself as he jumped off the vehicle before it was trapped under the debris. Soon after the incident, senior police officers of Jaipur (Rural), sub-divisional magistrate(SDM), Chomu and officers of mines department rushed to the spot.Denying the reports that the mining was illegal, Narendra Singh Shaktawat, mines engineer, said, \"It is a case of legal mining. The lease is in the name of one Murari Lal Meena.\"Police are yet to register any case in this connection. \"The mining team found that the miner was complying with the safety norms. The driver of tractor trolley while driving back lost his control over the wheels and thus turned turtle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13879379", "title": "Handique college form distribution starts today", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Handique Girls' College will begin distributing admission forms for BA and BSc from Thursday. The college is a favourite destination for many girl students across the NE. However, those seeking hostel accomodation might have a problem, as the number of seats in the hostel is limited.The college is offering honours courses in English, economics, political science, home science, education, statistics, history, philosophy, chemistry, zoology, botany and physics. Many girl students from neighbouring states are expected to reach here for admissions.Ritamoni Baishya, the warden of the college hostel, said, \"The forms would be distributed from Thursday and the rush for hostel would also start. The total number of seats is 135 which is only allotted to degree students.\" She added, \"Every year, we get a lot of students from Arunachal Pradesh , Manipur and Nagaland and they require hostel accommodation. But from every department, the seats are allotted on the basis of merit. There is however, no provision of seats in the hostel for HS students.\"Baishya said since there is only one hostel, it becomes difficult to accommodate more students. However, there is a plan to construct a new hostel after which there could be seats for higher secondary students too. \"Earlier, there were two hostels. But 5 years ago, the old hostel was demolished due to which the intake of students also came down. Now, preference is given only to degree students. But talks are going on about constructing a new hostel and after that, the intake capacity would also increase,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13866559", "title": "Ajay-Abhishek\u2019s vacation plans kaput", "text": "During the last schedule of Bol Bachchan, Ajay Devgn and Abhishek Bachchan were busy making vacation plans.One overheard Ajay tell Abhishek, \"When you, Aishwarya and Aaradhya travel to US towards mid July, Kajol, Nysa, Yug and I will join you. Ash and Kajol can bond, the kids can spend time together; while you and I sit down and have a drink together.\" Abhishek agreed to the plans, but even then there was one hitch. AB Junior doesn't drink. The actor is also on a very strict diet because he is getting that perfect body for Dhoom-3 . And even while on vacation, Abhi has no plans to indulge in anything sinful.The Ajay-Abhishek friendship goes back a long way. These two have been bonding majorly even when Ajay did Major Saab with Amitabh Bachchan and Abhi came on set. They also did Zameen together a few years back. Ajay says, \"We are also next door neighbours.\"Just when it seemed like the perfect vacation was in place, news comes in that the Devgns may not go to the US after all. One hears there is a change of destination and they may go to the UK instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13886637", "title": "I\u2019m Sid, not just a Mallya: Sidhartha Mallya", "text": "Weeks before he leaves for LA, the aspiring actor tells us why he is just not interested in Bollywood or the family nameIt has been an eventful two and half years for Sidhartha Mallya. He managed his father's IPL team, dated one of the top-billed actresses, kissed her in a packed stadium, broke up with her, made it to headlines, and ran four marathons in two countries. And now, the 25-yearold is all set to wrench himself free from the Mallya tag and fly solo - all the way to Hollywood . With a portfolio shot by a leading glamour photographer. At a suburban five star, over a plate of \"no oil - no butter\" spaghetti that he is systematically decimating, Sidhartha, in his pucca Brit accent , orange spectacles and muscle-tee, tells us in no uncertain terms, that he is just not interested in his father's legacy. And how he could have easily made a career in Bollywood, but prefers a bigger challenge instead.Online Experiment From the looks of it, Sidhartha's online IPL show was a test case. And it has worked to his advantage. \"The feedback has been fabulous,\" he says enthusiastically about Beyond Boundaries. \"There have been many offers from TV channels who want to adopt the format. I am told I am a natural before the camera.\" And though he admits to have been toying with several of these options, he is clear about what he will not be doing: \"No sitting on a couch and gossiping about personal lives. That is not me.\" He tells us, his ideal show format would be a Friday Night with Jonathan Ross , and how he adores Russell Brand's sense of humour. We realise, his idols are all Europeans. Sidhartha nods - he is not interested in Bollywood. Even though he has dated Deepika Padukone , and is often seen at high profile film parties, Sidhartha says he \"does not care about Bollywood.\" He claims he has seen only three Hindi films till date. Chak De (because he plays hockey), Desi Boyz (which starred Deepika) and Peepli Live. \"For the last two films I was taken along... I did not go out to buy tickets,\" he insists. \"I may socialise with entertainers, but I am not interested in the way the industry functions here,\" he says, explaining why he is almost ready to pack his bags for LA later this month.Bollywood? Nah! At a time when half -Indian actors are firing up the imagination of filmmakers here's a bonafide Indian with the right surname - after all Vijay Mallya's calendar girls have successfully switched to films - who seems curiously disenchanted with desi glamour. Sidhartha says it has something to do with accessibility. \"It would be way too easy for me do anything here. And as soon as something becomes too simple, I lose interest,\" says the reluctant scion of the Mallya empire, adding, he'd rather make it big in the West instead. There are rumours about him signing up with a production house and starting an independent outfit of his own. There are reports of him taking up acting courses in Los Angeles . And there are also rumours that he may be signed on as the face of a luxury brand. Sidhartha admits, there is a lot that is coming his way, but insists, he does not need to attend any acting course. \"I am a natural,\" he reminds us. We are tempted to think Sidhartha's disenchantment with Bollywood may also have something to do with his snapping of ties with Deepika. But he chooses to be evasive, saying, \"With so much of my life already under scrutiny, I should be allowed to draw the line somewhere.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13877363", "title": "HC ensures security and safety to a family ostracized by a Khap Panchayat", "text": "JAIPUR: Bringing relief to a family which was declared outcaste and was ostracized by a Khap Panchayat of Salwa Kalla village in Jodhpur, a single bench of Rajasthan High Court has asked the government authorities to provide security to the family members.A Khap Panchayat of Salwa Kalla village in Jodhpur took the decision after the son of the family decided not to tie the knot with a girl, whom he had married as a child. The violation of the community traditions of child marriage outraged the villagers. The panchayat slapped on the family a fine of Rs 6.25 lakh and an additional Rs 25,000 for feeding grains to the pigeons.The family had registered case at Dangiyawas police station in Jodhpur. Since they found the police action inadequate, the victim Chautha Ram Godara moved a petition at the Jodhpur bench of Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday, demanding justice and police security to the members of the victim's family.Hearing the petition Justice Narendra Kumar Jain-II on Wednesday has issued notices to Jodhpur police commissioner, Bhupendra Dak, Station house officer, Dangiyawas police station, Madan Beniwal and two members of Khap Panchayat, and asked them to appear before the court within two weeks.The court has also asked the additional government advocate to ensure police protection to the victim and his family on June 8 and 9 when the village panchayat will sit to discuss issue, as sought by the victim.The petitioner Chautha Ram Godara in his petition said that his family was ostracized by a Khap Panchayat at Salwan Kalla village in Jodhpur district. The Panchyat has also slapped a fine of Rs 6 lakhs on the family.Pradeep Chaudhary, counsel for the petitioner, said, \"The petitioner's son Rajendra has an educational qualification BA and BED. Since child marriages are prominent in Jaat community, he (Rajendra) was married to a girl when his age was 16 years and the bride's age was 12 years. He is an adult now and is educated he did not want to enter into marriage with the said girl. Thus, the Khap Panchayat of his village had outcaste the family and slapped fine.\"\"We had even registered a case at Dangiyawas police station for justice but after failing to get any justice, we have admitted the petition before the court,\" Chaudhary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13892998", "title": "Jagan Reddy DA case: Andhra minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah appears before CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh Information Technology minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah on Thursday appeared before the CBI in connection with a case pertaining to alleged illegal assets involving YSR Congress party president Y S Jaganmohan Reddy even as the agency continued for the fifth day the custodial interrogation of the Kadapa MP.CBI which had summoned the minister is likely to examine him over the Government Orders (GOs), issued during 2004-09 by the Irrigation department, when he was the Major Irrigation minister in the cabinet of late Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, on supply of water from river Krishna and Kagina to some cement companies, which in turn allegedly made investments in Jagan-owned businesses.Before proceeding to the CBI office at Koti here, Ponnala told reporters that he will reply to all queries of the agency. \"I respect the law and will cooperate with the investigating agency...I have not done anything wrong.\" Ponnala is among the six Andhra Pradesh ministers who were issued notices by the Supreme Court in March, seeking their stand on the charge about their alleged role in the case against Jagan.The central agency which has so far arrested Jagan, his financial advisor V Vijay Sai Reddy (currently out on bail), former AP minister Mopidevi Venkatramana Rao, industrialist Nimmagadda Prasad and senior bureaucrat K V Brahmananda Reddy in the case has also quizzed two other AP ministers, including Sabitha Indra Reddy and Dharmana Prasada Rao, over the controversial GOs.The CBI, in the meanwhile continued questioning of Jagan after taking his custody from the Chanchalguda jail where he is under judicial remand till June 11. The five-day CBI custody period will expire today.The CBI, in its three chargesheets filed against Jagan and others, said he and his father had hatched a conspiracy to defraud the government with Jagan influencing Rajasekhara Reddy in doling out certain favours to various investors, who made investments of several crores into Jagan's businesses (at very high premiums) as a quid-pro-quo basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13882932", "title": "Artificial jewellery comes to rescue as gold gets dearer", "text": "VARANASI:With the global economy falling sharply, gold prices have been on a continuous raise and very recently it touched an all time high of Rs 30,000 per 10 grams. Raising prices has paved way for the investors to stake claim better returns but the urban middle class are left gaping as buyers are finding it difficult to meet their requirements. The situation brought forward a new set of products that, a decade back, may have been branded as the ornaments of the poor. Artificial jewelleries are seen as a relief for the needy as the sales volume has been increasing enormously in the recent times.When TOI tried to take stock of the artificial jewellery market in the city, interesting facts surfaced. If the claims of the jewellery dealers are to be believed, the region witnessed a record of around 65 per cent increase in the sale of such jewelleries in the last 10-11 months.Babloo Jain, a dealer of artificial jewelleries in Vishwanath Gullie, says, \"We have witnessed a good growth in sales volume in the past one year. The high rates of gold has led to people looking for alternatives during festivals and weddings. As a result, artificial jewelleries, specially the ones with gold plating, have become popular and are selling in large numbers.\"According to Jain, earlier it was mostly tourists who preferred these jewelleries, but now locals were also seen buying them during the wedding and festive season. Neelam, a buyer of such jewelleries shares, \"At this point of time, it is always better to invest in gold and wear these light artificial jewelleries. These jewelleries are safer in comparison to the regular gold ones.\"\"There was a time when one used to purchase jewelleries not only for the bride but for almost everyone at home when there was any marriage ceremony. Now, it best to store and lock gold jewelleries safely, and flaunt the artificial jewelleries in marriages and other occasions. The best thing about these jewelleries is that they are available in different designs and colours and they are so affordable that one can customise according to the dress worn\", says Akriti Jain, another customer. Interestingly, the increase in gold prices has also increased the prices of some artificial jewelleries which are given final touch with gold plating. However this difference in cost has not affected sales as the difference is much less as compared to gold jewelleries. According to Anoop Singh, the gold plated bangles which earlier used to sell at Rs 210 are now selling at Rs 300, similarly, the rates of other gold plated jewellery items have also increased by 40-45 per cent, but there is no depreciation in the sale of these products. \"Infact, people now-a-days believe that gold plated jewelleries are better to wear in parties, festive ceremonies, and while travelling\", opines another shopkeeper Rajan at Gurubagh area.Some shopkeepers are of the opinion that the artificial jewelleries are so popularised and are well matched with the contemporary fashion that the prices of gold now has a very little role in the sale of artificial jewelleries.Rahul, a shopkeeper at Dashaswamedh road, says, \"People want attractive and affordable jewelleries in accordance with the current fashion. Even if the gold prices will decrease, artificial jewelleries will continue to sell like this only.\"It is noteworthy that there are varied artificial jewelleries available in the market. \"While the jewelleries with gold plating are the most popular substitute of gold jewelleries, the chunky jewelleries prepared with colourful stones and beads imitating expensive jewelleries made up of gold, rubi and emeralds are another set of artificial jewelleries which are huge in demand\", informs Radha Gupta, a dealer of artificial jewelleries at Rajadarwaja area. Most of the artificial jewelleries selling in the city are brought from Mumbai and Rajkot.A good percentage of these jewelleries are also manufactured in the city itself, however, its customers are mostly rural women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13876459", "title": "Naxalites attack forces at two places in Gadchiroli", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Two different teams of security forces carrying out anti-Naxalite operations in jungles were ambushed in Gadchiroli in intervening night of Thursday and Wednesday. Police jawans have sustained no casualty, but in one instance forces have claimed of injuring a few Naxalites in encounter.Police sources said that the anti-Naxal operation clubbed with 'Grambhet' (reaching the villages) campaign is underway in Mayalghat jungles in Korchi tehsil. The team of C-60 commandos moving through the jungle was ambushed by Naxalites at around 10.30pm on Tuesday, which met with strong retaliation from police side. The gun battle lasted for 20 minutes after which rebels retreated into the jungle. Cops later found blood stains at several places on the encounter site, suggesting a few Naxalites might have been injured in the exchange of fire. A revolver, walkie-talkie, wire, a detonator and nine backpacks and other Naxal material was recovered from the place.In the second instance, a joint team of CRPF and Gadchiroli police carrying out anti-Naxaliten operation clubbed with 'Grambhet' campaign was ambushed at 5.30am on Wednesday in Padaboriya jungle in Dhanora tehsil. The encounter lasted for 15 minutes after which Naxalites retreated into the jungle. Large quantity of medicines, wire, detonators, Naxal uniform and other material was recovered from the encounter site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13876407", "title": "Air India pilots take to streets", "text": "MUMBAI: The Air India pilots' agitation turned a month-old on Wednesday. The pilots held a silent appeal march in Mumbai and Delhi to air their concerns.The de-recognized union of Air India pilots, Indian Pilots' Guild, wrote to Air India chairman Rohit Nandan with a plea to \"establish a channel of communication to resolve the impasse at the earliest\".\"We appeal to our chairman to listen to his employees' concerns before taking decisions that can have an adverse impact on them,\" said the letter by IPG general secretary, Capt E A Kapadia. For the first time since the strike began, Nandan was present by the minister's side at a meet in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13882321", "title": "Delhi high court orders govt to respond on PIL to ID netizens", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi HC on Wednesday gave four weeks time to the Centre to respond to a PIL seeking verification of users of networking sites on the lines of mobile subscribers, to augment national security.A bench of Justice Vipin Sanghi and Justice Rajiv Shakher issued notice to the the Centre, Facebook India and Google India on a PIL filed by former BJP ideologue K N Govindacharya.The PIL seeks strict scrutiny and verification of each user of social networking sites in India to ward off cybercrimes, terrorism and offences against children including pedophilia. Referring to a report of Mumbai ATS, the PIL claims the accused of the 13/7 blast in Mumbai were in touch with each other and the Indian Mujahideen operatives through internet since 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "sutlej club", "code": "13883305", "title": "Women in Ludhiana find a cool way to stay fit", "text": "SUTLEJ CLUB: Swimming is turning out to be the most lucrative workout to keep fit among Ludhianvi women this summer, leaving gymnasiums and dance workshops behind.A swimming camp that started at Sutlej Club from June 2, witnesses over 100 participants turning up for a class, which goes on between 5pm and 6.15pm.Lajpat Nagar resident Radha, the women's coach at the club for last six years, says she has never seen such enthusiasm among women in the past years. \"And when they come to swim, the women get their kids along as well, as swimming is a complete workout for the body and the best recreational activity during summer,\" she adds.Mall Road resident Mona, 34, says she read about the benefits of swimming in magazines and papers and decided to attend the camp as soon as she got to know about it. \"I come with my 15-year-old daughter Ananya and both of us enjoy swimming together,\" she beams.Model Town resident Shelly, 32, believes there is nothing better than swimming if one wants to maintain his/her figure and that is what brings her to the pool. \"It's a wonderful feeling to keep in shape while enjoying the relief from hot summer this season,\" says Shelly, who brings along her 8-year-old son Lakshya.\"My husband has been swimming regularly for last four to five years and he has achieved an athletic figure from a flabby one. This inspired me to turn up at the pool this year. I am sure even I would be in perfect shape if I swim regularly,\" says Pooja Arora, 40, a Dugri resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13880464", "title": "Rise in viral cases feared in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: With Bhopal municipal corporation (BMC) yet to clear more than a quarter of city nullahs, pre-monsoon drizzle on Wednesday heightened risk of rise in vector-borne disease cases, especially once rains hit the city. Health authorities fear understaffing in district malaria office may hamper diagnosis of patients suffering from vector-borne diseases.\"We have a well-prepared plan and there is enough stock of drugs for treatment. Rapid diagnosis kits have also been issued to health workers,\" said district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Shukla.Treatment protocols for monsoon diseases have yet to be prescribed. \"Four years ago, the city had reported 25,000 suspected cases of which 332 were tested positive for dengue fever. Experts have warned that a repeat of cyclic trend once in four years could lead to an outbreak of dengue this year,\" said district malaria officer Dr Padmakar Tripathi, whose office is facing a shortage of 30 health workers. This year, 283 cases of malaria have been diagnosed in the city so far.Two types of malaria are prevalent- plasmodium falciparum, which affects most and plasmodium vivax which affect population in malaria-prone areas. Diarrhoeal cases too have already accounted for 5-10% of all cases being treated by government hospitals in the city. \"Contaminated water sources increased the risk of diarrhoeal disease,\" said Dr Shukla.The health department is yet to organise door-to-door awareness programmes to review their monsoon preparedness.\"Many open wells, ponds and drinking water tanks have yet to been chlorinated. This reduces risk in disease-prone areas,\" said a senior health official. Ongoing construction work in the city can be a major reason for an outbreak of diseases in the city this year, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13880241", "title": "Guwahati keeps a date with Venus", "text": "GUWAHATI: Hundreds of people flocked Guwahati Planetarium, Regional Science Centre and Gauhati University Observatory with solar filter goggles on Wednesday to witness the transit of Venus, in which Venus passes directly between the earth and the sun. Venus was seen as a small black dot passing through the face of the sun. Despite the cloudy weather, people gathered at different venues in the city to view the transit as this is the last Venus transit of the century, which will appear again in 2117.Around 1,500 people gathered at the Guwahati Planetarium to witness the transit. A live broadcast from Hawaii was also shown on a big screen at the planetarium as the islands were at a vantage point to witness the transit. School children accompanied by their teachers flocked the venue. They managed to catch a glimpse of the planet once the skies cleared up.The planetarium in association with the Pragjyotish Amateur Astronomer's Association provided two 80 mm Teletron telescopes, one 100 mm Yukom telescope and one 50 mm Beushnell telescope to view the transit. \"The students were quite excited when they could view the event even partially as it was quite cloudy,\" said Babul Borah, curator of Guwahati Planetarium.Meanwhile, one refractive (6 inch) and one reflective telescope (8 inch) were used to view the transit at the Regional Science Centre. \"Over 200 people, mostly children, had gathered for the event,\" said R Medhi, RSC education officer.At the observatory at Gauhati University, around 60 people gathered to witness the transit. \"We used two telescopes for the event and the entire event was web cast live on the internet. 45 minutes towards the end of the transit, the clouds cleared up and the planet was seen crossing the edge of the sun as the transit came to an end,\" said Madhurjya P Bora, faculty of Physics department, GU and GU Observatory in-charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880652", "title": "Foster son held for murder of elders in Madurantakamnn", "text": "Chennai: Police on Wednesday said they had solved the double murder case in Madurantakam with the arrest of one of the victims' foster son.Investigators said Gunasekaran, 45, of Vellore village near Madurantakam, 90km from Chennai, had been taken into custody for killing 85-year-old Bhoopathy and her son-in-law Munusamy, 74, on Monday. Gunasekaran had been adopted by Munusamy and lived with the family for 20 years.\"Munusamy had received the title deed to a 1 acre plot in the village after marriage,\" an officer said. \"Gunasekaran had mortgaged the property to take a loan. He later repaid the loan and retrieved the property documents from the bank.\"Gunasekaran refused to return the title deed to Munusamy, which led to a quarrel between them. After Munusamy ordered Gunasekaran to leave his house, the latter sought revenge and hacked Munusamy to death with a sickle on Monday,\" a police officer said. When Bhoopathy heard Munusamy cry for help, she came to help him, but she too was attacked.\"We cracked the case and arrested Gunasekaran. While checking his house, we recovered Bhoopathy's ear studs, which were missing when her body was found,\" Kancheepuram superintendent of police S Manoharan said. Investigators also recovered Gunasekaran's blood-stained clothes and the murder weapon from his house.The murder was discovered on Monday morning by neighbours who found the bodies. Munusamy was lying in a pool of blood in front of his house and Bhoomathy's body was found inside the house.The Madurantakam police have registered a murder case against Gunasekaran. He was remanded in judicial custody after being produced before a magistrate's court in Chengalpattu on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13893927", "title": "Stress affects brain development in kids", "text": "Stress may affect brain development in children, altering growth of a specific part of the brain and abilities associated with it, a new study has suggested.The study was conducted by researchers at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.\"There has been a lot of work in animals linking both acute and chronic stress to changes in a part of the brain called the prefrontal cortex, which is involved in complex cognitive abilities like holding on to important information for quick recall and use\", Jamie Hanson, a UW-Madison psychology graduate student, said.\"We have now found similar associations in humans, and found that more exposure to stress is related to more issues with certain kinds of cognitive processes\", he said.Children who had experienced more intense and lasting stressful events in their lives posted lower scores on tests of what the researchers refer to as spatial working memory.According to the study, they had more trouble navigating tests of short-term memory such as finding a token in a series of boxes.Brain scans revealed that the anterior cingulate, a portion of the prefrontal cortex believed to play key roles in spatial working memory, takes up less space in children with greater exposure to very stressful situations.\"These are subtle differences, but differences related to important cognitive abilities\", Hanson said.However, they may not be irreversible differences.\"We're not trying to argue that stress permanently scars your brain. We don't know if and how it is that stress affects the brain.\"\"We only have a snapshot \u2014 one MRI scan of each subject \u2014 and at this point we don't understand whether this is just a delay in development or a lasting difference. It could be that, because the brain is very plastic and able to change easily, that children who have experienced a great deal of stress catch up in these areas\", Hanson said.The researchers determined stress levels through interviews with children aged between 9 to 14 years and their parents.The research team, which included UW-Madison psychology professors Richard Davidson and Seth Pollak and their labs, collected expansive biographies of stressful events from slight to severe.\"Instead of focusing on one specific type of stress, we tried to look at a range of stressors.\"We wanted to know as much as we could, and then use all this information to later to get an idea of how challenging and chronic and intense each experience was for the child\", Hanson said.Interestingly, there was little correlation between cumulative life stress and age. That is, children who had several more years of life in which to experience stressful episodes were no more likely than their younger peers to have accumulated a length stress resume.Puberty, on the other hand, typically went hand-in-hand with heavier doses of stress.The researchers, whose work was funded by the National Institutes of Health, also took note of changes in brain tissue known as white matter and grey matter. In the important brain areas that varied in volume with stress, the white and grey matter volumes were lower in tandem.White matter, Hanson explained, is like the long-distance wiring of the brain. It connects separated parts of the brain so that they can share information.Grey matter \"does the math\", Hanson said.\"It takes care of the processing, using the information that gets shared along the white matter connections\", Hanson said.Grey matter early in development appears to enable flexibility; children can play and excel at many different activities. But as kids age and specialize, grey matter thins. It begins to be \"pruned\" after puberty, while the amount of white matter grows into adulthood.\"For both grey and white matter, we actually see smaller volumes associated with high stress.\"Those kinds of effects across different kinds of tissue, those are the things we would like to study over longer periods of time. Understanding how these areas change can give you a better picture of whether this is just a delay in development or more lasting\", Hanson added.The study will be published in the Journal of Neuroscience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "13879163", "title": "Mirik Lake makeover takes off after eight years", "text": "DARJEELING: Mirik Lake, a popular tourist destination located at the foothills of Kurseong subdivision, is finally getting renovated with the initiative of the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC).In 2003-2004, a project was undertaken by the DGHC to beautify the lake and it was sanctioned by the Centre under the National Lake Conservation (NLC) scheme. However, the project failed to take off following some technical difficulties. But things have again taken off in the right direction with the DGHC pursuing the matter with the central government.\"DGHC faced several technical difficulties and only some work could be undertaken. After the recommendation of an advisory committee, formed by the state urban development department, we have made some revision in the old project plans and are now ready to start work,\" said Anil Verma, the DGHC administrator. The 6-member panel has technical experts and engineers from IIT Kharagpur .So far, the process of weeding the area, construction of the boat stand and renovation of a lodge, owned by the DGHC, at a cost of Rs 60 lakh have been taken up. \"We hope to complete the beautification of Mirik Lake in a couple of months,\" added Verma.Disposal of waste and sewage water from the local houses and siltation pollute the lake and this needs to be checked immediately. \"Since the lake is surrounded by residential apartments, all the wastes and sewage water are diverted towards the lake. Another problem is the collection of debris from streams located on the upper fringes whenever there is a rainfall. We need to address these problems soon,\" pointed out Verma.The Mirik Lake is a popular destination and tour operators offer tourists a full day tour of the areas, besides other spots in the Darjeeing subdivision. However, tourists, lately, have been complaining about the lack of facilities and the poor condition. Besides, the lush green tea gardens surrounding Mirik, tourist can also take boat rides.The project cost has been pegged at over Rs 4 crore, as there was a delay in starting the work. \"Initially, the project cost was fixed at Rs 4 crore, but the delay and additional works mean the estimate will rise,\" Giving a proper idea The exact estimate is tough At the moment we cannot say by how much though,\"said Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13880740", "title": "VS Sampath takes over as new chief election commissioner", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seniormost election commissioner VS Sampath on Wednesday was appointed the chief election commissioner ahead of the President's election. President Pratibha Patil cleared his appointment in the evening.Sampath, a 1973 batch IAS officer of Andhra Pradesh cadre, will take over after SY Quraishi's term as the CEC ends on June 10.A low-profile and soft-spoken bureaucrat, will steer the EC during 2014 Lok Sabha polls. He will be in office till January 2015. An EC or the CEC can remain in office for six years or till he is 65, whichever is earlier. The Centre stuck to convention and appointed the seniormost election commissioner in the EC as the CEC despite LK Advani's suggestion for a collegium to choose the CEC.Veeravalli Sundaram Sampath joined the EC as election commissioner on April 21, 2009 after N Gopalaswami demitted office. Before that, he worked as finance secretary and power secretary in the AP government. His stint at the Centre began in the rural development ministry in 2005 followed by chemicals and petrochemicals secretary. He served as power secretary at the Centre before joining the EC.With Sampath's appointment as CEC, H S Brahma is next in seniority in the EC. Brahma was appointed in August 2010 after Quraishi was appointed CEC in July 2010. The EC's post lay vacant for about a month.With the crucial president's poll looming, the Centre is expected to name the election commissioner to the three-member poll body soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13875194", "title": "Cops intensify search for CPM leader P K Kunhanandan", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police have intensified search for CPM Panur area committee member P K Kunhanandan, an accused in the T P Chandrasekharan murder case, following the information that he had come back to Kerala after hiding in various places in Maharashtra and Karnataka.Police arrested K P Kumaran (65) hailing from Panur for harbouring Kunhanandan. Police said Kumaran, who owns a bakery in Bangalore, met Kunhanandan when the latter reached the cityafter the police started a search for him. Police had issued a lookout circular at all airports to prevent Kunhanandan from leaving the country.Both travelled through various places such as Pune, Belgaum and Mysore to avoid arrest. They reached Payyannur on June 2. Kunhanandan told Kumaran that he was returning to Kerala to surrender before the court. From then onwards, Kumaran had not contacted Kunhanandan, police said.Kunhanandan is learnt to have tried in vain to contact some CPM leaders in Kannur after he went in hiding. He is suspected to be the person who arranged the gang led by Kodi Suni to carry out the operation to murder Chandrasekharan. He is known to be the coordinator among various killer squads in Kannur.Arresting Kunhanandan is important for the police to unravel the conspiracy behind the killing. Police waited outside the courts in Kannur and Payyannur to spoil his move to surrender before the magistrate.Meanwhile, the government has sanctioned Rs one lakh for the bypass surgery for Thalassery area committee member P P Ramakrishnan, who has been admitted to the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital. Doctors examined him and found that there are three block in his heart which could be removed only through surgery.Police could not interrogate Ramakrishnan as he was hospitalized after the arrest. He is suspected to have participated in the conspiracy to murder Chandrasekharan, two years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "jaipur/bikaner", "code": "13877092", "title": "Family waits for pilot's body killed in Nigerian crash", "text": "JAIPUR/BIKANER: For the past four days, 56-year-old Inder Singh Rathore, father of Mahendra Singh Rathore, the co-pilot of the Boeing that went down in Lagos, Nigeria, is awaiting for his son's body. The family, settled in Kolkata, has arrived at their ancestral house in Bikaner from where they are haggling with the officials of Dana Airlines in Nigeria to release the body.All 153 people on board, apart from over 40 others on ground, were killed when the Dana Airlines plane crashed in Lagos on Sunday.Inder Singh Rathore, who works in a private company in Kolkata, arrived in Bikaner along with his wife Pushpa Rathore (52), daughter-in-law Isha Rathore (32) and seven-year old grandson Surya Pratap Singh. He is trying his best to console his family members and is praying for early arrival of his son's body.\"Humey koi tamgey nahin chahiye, bharat sarkar bas humko body jaldi dilwa de (We don't need any money, we just want the government to expedite the process of releasing the body),\" said Inder Singh in a choked voice on Wednesday.On the delay on arrival of the body, he said: \"Initially, he was mistaken to be a US citizen as his CPL (commercial pilot licence) was from Florida. On Tuesday, my younger son Rajendra Rathore gave his blood samples. These samples would be sent to the accident site in Lagos (Nigeria) where these would be matched,\" Singh said.\"They (Dana Airlines) have assured us that the body will reach Delhi in the next four days,\" he said.\"I request our ministry of external affairs to do the needful in getting the body of my son,\" he said.\"His wife Isha and his mother Pushpa are unconscious. A doctor is at our Bikaner residence round the clock,\" he said.On his son's childhood, he said: \"He was born in Bikaner. When he was one-year old, we moved to Kolkata where I started working in a private company. He studied in Kolkata and later worked for two private airlines in India. Four years ago, he went to Florida (US) and got a CPL licence. He was working with Dana Airlines for the past 2 years.\"Meanwhile, agencies on Wednesday reported that India and other foreign countries have asked Nigeria to quickly release the bodies of their nationals killed in the plane crash in Lagos which claimed the lives of 153 people on board and an unknown number on the ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13896065", "title": "IIFA bringing regional cinema to the fore: Shabana Azmi", "text": "The 13th IIFA Weekend kicked off amid a lot of star power in Singapore today with actress Shabana Azmi and Tamil thespian Kamal Hassan emphasising that the Bollywood extravaganza is widening its horizon to provide a global platform to regional cinema as well.\"We are celebrating all of Indian cinema here which is not just Bollywood so this year we have also included cinema from the South, the biggest representative of which is Mr Kamal Hassan who is present here.\"\"Indian cinema is not homogenous, just like our culture, so IIFA is slowly trying to provide a global platform to regional cinema as well. This year we have South, we'll slowly move to other regions as well,\" added Azmi.Excerpts of Kamal's new film Viswaroop will be showcased tomorrow at IIFA. \"Exclusive IIFA has become inclusive. The Indian film industry is very diverse and I am happy that the 13th IIFA awards have included Southern cinema in its world, a world which also includes people like Shabana Azmi and Liv Ullmann.\"I am honoured to have got the opportunity to share the dias with these people and to show excerpts from my film Viswaroop, \" Hassan said.Famous Norwegian actress and director Liv Ullmann is at the IIFA this year to show her film on her relationship with Swedish filmmaker Ingmar Bergman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13878568", "title": "Court allows Raja to visit Tamil Nadu between June 8 and June 30", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former telecom minister A Raja was on Wednesday allowed by a special CBI court, hearing the 2G spectrum allocation scam, to visit his home state Tamil Nadu between June 8 and June 30.While granting bail to Raja on May 15, the court had imposed certain conditions, including that he would not visit his home state without its prior permission.Following the order, Raja moved the plea seeking permission of the court to visit Tamil Nadu.Special CBI Judge OP Saini allowed the plea in which the DMK MP had said that he had not visited Tamil Nadu for the last over one-and-a half year.In his plea, Raja sought court's permission also on the ground that the trial proceedings would not be undertaken from June 9 to June 30 owing to summer vacation. \"A Raja is allowed to visit his home state Tamil Nadu from June 8 to June 30 subject to conditions as were imposed upon him in the bail order dated May 15,\" the judge said.Earlier, the DMK MP was granted bail by the court holding that his further detention would not serve any purpose as all the other 13 co-accused are already out on bail.The court had imposed several conditions on Raja including a ban on his visit to Tamil Nadu as well as the Department of Telecom (DoT) which he presided over as minister for over three years. The court had directed Raja not to make any inducement, threat or promise, either directly or indirectly, to any person acquainted with the case.It also asked Raja to surrender his passport with it and said he should remain present before it during the hearing. The court while enlarging Raja on bail had directed him to furnish a personal bond of Rs 20 lakh with two sureties of the like amount.Arrested by the CBI on February 2 last year, 49-year-old Raja, the main accused in the Rs 30,000 crore 2G scam had moved his first bail application only after all the other co- accused were granted bail in the case.Raja and others have been charged with the offences of cheating, forgery, criminal conspiracy and corruption besides criminal breach of trust that entails a maximum punishment of life imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13878169", "title": "Crane migrates to Reis Magos shores", "text": "PANAJI: A crane which was engaged in loading the scrap of the River Princess onto barges at Candolim, was pulled by gusty winds from its anchorage off Aguada bay towards Reis Magos on Tuesday night.The 1300-tonne crane hit the rocks at Reis Magos on the eve of the 13th anniversary of River Princess' grounding at Candolim on June 6, 2000. The barge was anchored off Aguada after completion of the salvage work by Arihant ship breakers.\"The vessel dragged her anchor and drifted towards the shore, but has not run aground,\" Captain James Braganza, captain of ports, said.However, eyewitnesses said the vessel was pushed close to the rocks by powerful waves at Reis Magos. The crane was waiting for a tug to tow her back to Mumbai. The ports administration had issued the port clearance to the vessel about three days back. \"The tug which was sailing from Mumbai was delayed due to inclement weather,\" the company source said. Further, the same tug was used as a landmark for the salvaged ship during a survey after conclusion of the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "13881841", "title": "Licences of 5 sonography centres suspended, three machines sealed", "text": "AURANGABAD: Licences of five sonography centres in the city were suspended and machines in three of them sealed after they were found to have violated the Pre-Conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques Act, 1994.Health department officials of Aurangabad Municipal Corporation carried out the action. All these sonography centres were attached to maternity homes, said Jaishree Kulkarni, AMC health officer, on Wednesday. The city has 192 sonography centres.\"We have launched a drive to examine sonography centres to stem female foeticide. We found that many centres were attached to maternity homes and had not maintained proper records,'' she told TOI.The hospitals whose licences have been suspended are Vinayak Khedkar's Jyoti Hospital, Nirmala Kadam's Dhanwantari Hospital, Manjushri Saoji's Saoji-Tupkari hospital, the Prabhashri Hospital of Manisha Belsare and Deshmukh Hospital of Sachin Deshmukh, she said. Six teams will continue to check all centres and keep a watch.A similar drive has been initiated in Jalna, civil surgeon Pratap Jadhav told TOI.\"We have identified at least 40 nursing homes with sonography and medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) centres which are suspected to be indulging in abortions. So far, we have examined 18 sonography centres out of 101 in the district. For the next two days, we will concentrate on 34 MTP centres in Jalna town. Six teams have been formed, each comprising revenue department officials, doctors and policemen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13877069", "title": "Woman jumps to death from Sushant Lok highrise", "text": "GURGAON: A 25-year-old married woman jumped to her death from the 13th floor of a highrise in Sushant Lok I on Wednesday morning. The deceased, mother of a girl aged one year and four months, allegedly took the step after having a fight with her husband on Tuesday night.Later in the evening, police apprehended the husband of the deceased to question him.The deceased didn't leave behind any suicide note. The Sushant Lok police have lodged an FIR against her husband and both her parents-in-law for dowry harassment.\"We are investigating the matter and will take suitable action,\" said Bhupendra Singh, ACP (DLF).Shikha Chaudhary lived with her husband Vasu and their daughter on the eighth floor of Maple Heights Apartments. According to the sources, Vasu, who was working in a private firm, left his job on January 2012 and was looking to start his own business. He had allegedly been pressuring Shikha for money.Late on Tuesday, the couple apparently got into a bitter argument.Shikha called up her maternal home in Meerut following which her brother came down to Gurgaon early on Wednesday morning, around 5am.He tried to pacify the couple and managed to convince the husband and wife to calm down and retire in different rooms around 5.40am. But after about half an hour, Shikha left her flat and went to the top floor of the building and jumped down. Hearing her screams, residents from other flats gathered at the spot and tried to rush her to the hospital but Shikha died on the spot.Later, police came to the spot and took away the body for postmortem.On Wednesday, around 4pm, Shikha's father, Jogender Poonia, and brother, Kuldeep Poonia, approached the Sushant Lok police station and filed a complaint against Vasu and his parents. They complained that Vasu used to beat up Shikha and their toddler daughter in a drunken state and harass Shikha for dowry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "13884299", "title": "Two held in Mukhiyaji murder case", "text": "Ara: Special Investigating Team (SIT) led by the Bodh Gaya DSP Sunil Kumar, acting on a tip-off, raided the Katira locality under Nawada police station in Bhojpur district on Wednesday and arrested two persons in connection with the murder of Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji. The SIT team also raided Kurmuri village under Sikarhatta police station but no arrest was made from there.The SIT arrested Manish Pandey , son of Hareram Pandey and Anil Pandey, son of Surendra Pandey, from their residence at Katira locality on Wednesday. It also seized at least five mobile sets and some objectionable materials from their residence but refused to say anything on the matter. The SIT had also taken at least six persons under custody for interrogation. Bhojpur SP M R Naik said he had nothing to say on the matter.It is pertinent to mention here that Singh was shot dead near his residence at Katira at about 4.30 am on June 1, when he was returning from morning walk.Meanwhile, the announcement of CBI inquiry into Singh's murder case was welcome by his supporters though they described it as belated decision. Indubhushan Singh, mukhiya, Khopira panchayat and son of Barmeshwar Singh, appealed the people not to give any importance to any rumour and invited all the supporters and sympathizers to come to the village on June 13, to pay tribute to the slain Ranvir Sena founder.Ara MP Meena Singh went to Khopira village for the first time after Singh's murder and consoled his family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13879655", "title": "Detailed probe must to fix MM Mani's role", "text": "KOCHI: FIR registered against CPM Idukki district secretary MM Mani, on the basis of his speech, is at its foetal stage and further probe is needed to find out details of the 10 remaining persons who were mentioned to be in the hit list, state government contended at the Kerala high court.During the admission hearing on Mani's petition seeking to quash charges against him, director general of prosecution T Asaf Ali argued that an FIR alone has been registered and preliminary investigation has revealed that the three persons mentioned by Mani referred to three murder cases, which means further detailed investigation is needed to learn about the other 10 people said to be in the hit list.\"On the basis of preliminary enquiry, police found that the three persons referred to different cases and what about the other ten? Only after a thorough investigation can it be decided whether it's fiction or not. If it is so, police can prove it. Before conducting an investigation, a breathing time is necessary for police to say who are these ten people and which are these three,\" the DGP submitted to the court.Pointing out that conspiracy angle on the murders of Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi are still being probed, the DGP argued that the FIR in Mani's case is at its foetal stage and the court cannot quash the case unless it is proved that the facts alleged in the FIR doesn't constitute an offence.Responding to Mani's contention that it was a political explanation meeting, the DGP pointed out that his revelation was not under pressure or wasn't a disclosure to the police but was a voluntary disclosure on a public platform.Stressing on the need for further probe, the DGP argued, \"After conducting a preliminary enquiry, police came to know about these three cases. If that is so, again there are 10 more persons. Who listed those men, who prepared the list, who designed that plan - these are all mysterious things that shock ordinary men and these things affect their fundamental right to leave peacefully in a society.\"Kochi: FIR registered against CPM Idukki district secretary MM Mani on the basis of his speech is at its foetal stage and further probe is needed to find out details of the 10 remaining persons who were mentioned to be in the hit list, State government has contended at the Kerala High Court.During the admission hearing on Mani's petition seeking to quash charges against him, director general of prosecution T Asaf Ali argued that an FIR alone has been registered and preliminary investigation has revealed that the three mentioned by Mani referred to three murder cases, which means further detailed investigation is needed to learn about the 10 of the total 13 said to be in the hit list.\"On the basis of preliminary enquiry, police found that the three referred to different cases, and what about the ten? Only after a thorough investigation and detailed investigation can it be decided whether it's fiction or not. If that is so, police can prove it. Before conducting an investigation, a breathing time is necessary for police to say who are these ten and which are these three,\" the DGP submitted to the court.Pointing out that conspiracy angle on the murders of Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi are still being probed, the DGP argued that the FIR in Mani's case is at its foetal stage and the court cannot quash the case unless it is proved that the facts alleged in the FIR doesn't constitute an offence.Responding to Mani's contention that it was a political explanation meeting, the DGP pointed out that his revelation was not under pressure or wasn't a disclosure to the police but was a voluntary disclosure on a public platform.Stressing on the need for further probe, the DGP argued, \"After conducting a prelim enquiry, police came to know about these three cases. If that is so, again there are 10 more persons. Who listed those men, who prepared the list, who schemed that plan, who designed that plan - these are all mysterious things that are shocking to ordinary men and these are things affect their fundamental right to leave peacefully in a peaceful society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13879421", "title": "Tuki pleads for independent HC", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki has impressed upon the Centre to establish an independent high court for the state. At the moment, the state has a permanent bench of Gauhati high court at Naharlagun.Calling upon Union law minister Salman Khurshid in New Delhi on Tuesday, Tuki said with the judiciary growing, the need for an independent high court has become a necessity in the state, a source said. Responding positively, Khurshid admitted to genuineness of the proposal and assured active consideration by his ministry, he added.Khurshid has promised sufficient funds for upgrade of infrastructure for the present permanent bench of the high court. To another request of Tuki for speeding up the process for establishment of a law college in the state, Khurshid assured funds for the same very soon.The chief minister also called on defence minister A K Antony and reiterated the urgent needs of the state, which were submitted earlier during his visit to the state capital during the Statehood Day celebrations this year. Tuki, while attending the Congress Working Committee (CWC) meeting on Wednesday, highlighted the financial burden of the state government due to various factors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13876190", "title": "Girl commits suicide due to low marks in Class 12 board exams", "text": "Greater Noida: A girl committed suicide after hanging herself from a ceiling fan at her residence in Greater Noida after she reportedly could not get admission in a good college due to poor marks in her intermediate board exams. The girl's body has been sent for post mortem. No suicide note has been recovered and further investigation is on.Deputy SP, Alok Priyadarshi, said the incident was reported on Wednesday morning after the police got a call that a girl had committed suicide in Sector Delta-I in Surajpur, Greater Noida. \"The girl was reportedly reeling under tension for the last few days as she had not scored well in her Class XII board exams. She had applied in a few colleges but did not get a good response as her marks were low. \"The girl was a resident of E Block in Sector Delta-I. She had recently passed out from Jaypee International School and had scored 62% marks. The girl's father Ghanshyam works with a private company as an accountant,\" said a senior police official.\"On Wednesday morning, Ghanshyam's wife woke up and found the girl hanging from the ceiling fan in her room. Her younger brother was also sleeping there. The shocked mother then raised an alarm,\" said a senior police officer.\"Prima facie, it appears that the deceased, Anjali Yadav, fearing not getting admission in a good and reputed college took this extreme step,\" said Priyadarshi.\"After reading about the high cut-off marks in Delhi University, she became even more tensed. She was always thinking about getting admitted in a good college. The family was also trying to get her admitted in colleges in Greater Noida,\" said SO Surajpur, Harish Bhadauriya. \"The post mortem report is awaited,\" said SP Ashok Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880815", "title": "Encroachments removed, pond gets new life", "text": "Chennai: A 50-year-old pond in Jamin Pallavaram got a new lease of life on Wednesday after a team of revenue officials led by Tambaram revenue divisional officer S Etiappan demolished encroachments on the banks of the water body. The officials demolished an illegal concrete foundation built on a portion of the pond.Wednesday's action is the preliminary step to restore the pond spread across 1.44 acres. Based on complaints from residents, revenue officials oversaw demolition of a concrete foundation at 11am .Before constructing the foundation, some residents had dumped garbage to encroach upon the water source. \"Though residents do not fetch water from the pond now, the water body helps recharge the water table in the locality. With the increase in land value, water bodies have become easy targets of encroachers,\" said K Shanmugam, a resident.Revenue officials have also started identification of other encroachments, mostly houses, around the water body. With the help of police and local body, the revenue officials would demolish the illegal structures soon. \"Most of these encroachments are nearly 50 years old. There are about 60 such buildings. Any demolition of these structures will create a law and order problem. Based on a detailed survey, we will rope in stakeholders including resident welfare associations, police and the local body to remove the encroachments,\" said a revenue official.Officials of the Pallavaram municipality said many water bodies within its limits are being renovated by deepening and de-silting them. A proposal including cost to renovate the pond in Jamin Pallavaram will be tabled at the council meeting of the municipality this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13880882", "title": "MP forest officials work out plan to save tigress, cubs", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after recovery of carcass of a tiger killed by poachers in Sehore, the MP forest department officials went into a huddle on Wednesday to work out a plan save a tigress and two cubs that were also sighted on the outskirts of the city in the recent past.\"We are meeting to work out a plan to protect the tigress and its cubs. The killing of tiger has come as a shock to us,\" P K Shukta, principal chief conservator of forests (Wildlife) told TOI. \"We have decided to write to all the divisional forest officers in the circle to ensure safety of the big cat and its cubs. We discussed at length the proposal of forming six separate patrol teams to keep a watch on the movement of the animals round the clock, said S S Rajput chief conservator of forest, Bhopal.\"Forest officials are of the view that two teams each should be deputed in Bhopal, Sehore and Obaidullaganj forest divisions were the tigress along with two cubs is roaming,\" he added.\"We are exploring ways and means to protect the big cats. Planning and implementation takes time and it isn't an overnight affair,\" MP forest minister Sartaj Singh said.After the recovery of carcass of tiger, that was electrocuted and poached near a well at a village at Kathotia area of Veerpur range in neighbouring Sehore district coming under Bhopal forest circle, the state forest department are in tight spot.The tiger, besides a tigress had forayed into forest areas close to human habitat on the outskirts of the city for quite a long time and even once entered into National Judicial Academy's (NJA) premises.These animals had possibly strayed from the Ratapani Wildlife Sanctuary in Raisen. The wild cats have run short of space in Ratapani given that the tiger population had shot up to 16 from nine in and around this sanctuary according to the last year census, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13887215", "title": "Emraan-Vidya to romance the rains", "text": "Rajkumar Gupta has rather ambitious plans. The director of Ghanchakkar wants to recreate the magic of the iconic song Rimjhim gire saawan from Basu Chatterjee's Manzil with lead pair, Vidya Balan and Emraan Hashmi romancing the rains a la Amitabh Bachchan and Moushumi Chatterjee .And to do that, he has pushed ahead the film by a month so as to start shooting beginning of August instead of the original September date. Earlier too, the director had wanted to start shooting in August but Emraan vetoed the plan because of time constraints. It was only when Raaz 3 got postponed that Emraan agreed to the August shoot.Gupta plans to use secret cameras to capture the two popular stars. \"It is going to be difficult but both are used to shooting in crowded outdoors,\" he said. The director hopes to wrap up the entire shooting by December. \"We haven't got a release date as yet. But I am hoping it will be the 8th of any month in the first quarter of 2013,\" Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13879834", "title": "One held for smuggling tiger-skin", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an early morning operation, forest officials arrested a person carrying a bag with tiger skin at the Thiruvalluvar Bus Stand in the city on Wednesday. Officials suspect the skin to belong to that of a tiger cub less than a year old.Conservator of Forests, of Coimbatore Circle, VT Kandasamy told reporters on Wednesday afternoon, that officials, led by assistant conservator, R Jayaraj, had gone to the spot based on a tip off. They arrested Palanisamy(47), a resident of Kumaranthapuram in Tirupur. The estimated cost of the skin is around Rs 5 lakh, officials said. The skin will be sent to the centre for cellular and molecular biology, Hyderabad, for verification.Kandasamy said that there are around 125 to 150 tigers in the Nilgiris biosphere reserve. The government has allotted more staff and vehicles to curb the smuggling of tiger skin and poaching, he added. Despite control measures, he said many people continue to obtain and sell tiger skin because of the high demand in the international market. \"Because of the high demand even fake tiger skins and being sold,\" he said. A special team has been formed to identify those involved in the business.Officials suspect Palanisamy to be part of a racket with international links. An official who was part of the team said that Palanisamy had got the skin from someone in Madurai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13879833", "title": "10-day NIA custody for Maoist leader", "text": "GUWAHATI: A special National Investigation Agency (NIA) court here on Wednesday remanded Maoist leader Pallab Borbora in 10 days NIA custody. However, it restricted any other intelligence agency to interrogate him in custody.The NIA, on June 3, arrested Pallab, a former human rights activist and Ulfa sympathizer, from his residence at Merapani in Golaghat district. NIA officials believe he was working as a link between Maoists rebels and Manipur-based People's Liberation Army (PLA).Though the NIA had prayed for a 14-day remand, the special court sanctioned only 10 days. The NIA arrested him in connection with a case which said the accused is a kingpin in bridging links between the CPI (Maoist) and PLA militants. The NIA also accused him of running various activities in Jharkhand.\"Pallab was in touch with many people as he is a rights activist. He has just become a victim of circumstances,\" defended his counsel Nekibur Zaman. He added that they have even opposed interrogation by other intelligence agencies in custody. \"In many cases, an accused is interrogated by various other agencies during custody. But we appealed to court not to allow such quizzing in case of Pallab and the court granted our plea,\" said Zaman.Earlier, after his arrest, Assam Police additional DGP (Special branch) Khagen Sarmah told TOI, \"Pallab Borbora is involved with Maoists. He was one of the founder Maoist members in the region. After Ulfa's downfall, Borbora became a Maoist.\"On the other hand, Indranil Chanda alias Ajoy alias Raj, who completed his 14-day NIA custody on Wednesday, was once again sent to NIA custody for two more days. The NIA has been quizzing him for the last two weeks after he was arrested by West Bengal Police's Special Task Force (STF) some time ago. A source in NIA said, \"We believe that Chanda was building strong links between Maoists and PLA for a long time. He has confronted many things and the name of Pallab Borbora came in context. So, we arrested him too. Further investigation of the duo will reveal more.\"On the other hand Chanda, during his visit to court, expressed his solidarity with Paresh Baruah-led Ulfa faction and told TOI, \"I want to give my regards to Paresh Baruah and want to appeal all groups fighting against India government's exploitation policy to unite under one umbrella. We should join hands and form a united front to make our movement stronger.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13877511", "title": "Juvenile homes turning kids into criminals, child rights panel tells HC", "text": "BANGALORE: Chairperson of the Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (KSCPCR) Nina P Nayak on Wednesday informed the Karnataka high court that there are instances of juvenile home inmates being used for criminal activities.Making her submissions before a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen, Nina Nayak said that in one instance, a security guard attached to a juvenile home was allowing boys to go out at night to steal, and had also provided them with mobile phones.Meanwhile, the Bench directed the state government to submit a report within a week with regard to the committees stated to have been formed recently. The Bench also directed the Karnataka State Legal Services Authority to provide lawyers to such children within 12 hours of their detention, and also form a panel of reputed lawyers for this purpose.Nayak also submitted a report in relation to a suo motu PIL, following reports of deplorable conditions of juvenile and observation homes in the state. \"The focus now must shift to a child rights-based approach. All juvenile homes run by the government and NGOs should be registered with due licence,\" she suggested.Lack of care, health and educational facilities, inadequate and untrained staff, physical, mental and sexual abuse, forcing the children into jobs such as cleaning toilets, and lack of measures to restore them to their families are some issues that need to be addressed, she said.Sumana Baliga, amicus curiae, said there are 2,500 cases related to juvenile offenders pending inquiry. \"These cases need to be disposed of in four months. Most of these juvenile offenders have no access to free legal assistance,\" she said.Directive to state on Urdu schoolA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Wednesday reminded the state government that it cannot interfere with the rights of minority educational institutions, as affirmed by various apex court judgments.The bench asked the education department to take a decision with regard to a case of nine ad-hoc teachers forwarded by the management of Urdu Higher Primary School, after ascertaining their educational qualifications and suitability.The government advocate informed the court that there are excess teachers in government schools who could be sent to this school. The bench asked him whether under RTE, the number of students would not dwindle as there is a likelihood of them getting admission under the 25% quota for poor students, and the pupil-teacher ratio now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13877538", "title": "Drunk labourer kills co-worker over mobile", "text": "BANGALORE: A drunken brawl between two labourers at Bamboo Bazaar near Yeshwantpur railway station late Tuesday night ended in one of them stabbing another to death.Khader Basha, 48, who stays in a shed in the area, was killed by Manju alias Manjunath, 30, a native of Bukkapatna near Sira in Tumkur district. Police nabbed the murderer with the help of passersby.Investigation revealed that Basha and Manju, daily wage workers in the bazaar, had got drunk around 10pm and had an argument about a missing mobile.\"Manju thought the mobile phone with Basha was the one he'd lost some time back. He tried to grab it and this led to fisticuffs. Despite Basha's repeated pleas, Manju didn't let go. When Basha managed to get it back, Manju whipped out a knife and stabbed him in the stomach and chest. Basha was rushed to KC General Hospital, but he died en route. Other workers caught Manju,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "13877573", "title": "Snag hits services on central line", "text": "KALYAN: Thousands of commuters heading home from CST found themselves stranded on Central Railway (CR) locals after the overhead equipment (OHE) of an Ambernath-bound suburban train developed a snag around 6.45pm between Kalyan and Vithalwadi stations on Wednesday.A team of experts from the Kalyan loco shed rushed to the spot to rectify the error. It took them nearly two hours to fix the problem, resulting in disruption of services on the Down line. Many commuters got down at Dombivli and took autos to get home. Many complained that no announcements were made. Some agitated commuters shouted slogans against CR at Kalyan.A R Jagtap, senior inspector with the Kalyan GRP, said, \"We deployed policemen at all railway stations in our jurisdiction to avoid any law and order problems.\"Two more trains were held up on CR network. Mangala Express was stopped for over one hour in the evening due to a technical problem near Aatgaon station. A goods train was stopped near Thakurli station as the crossing gate was not closed. Both these incidents delayed some of the locals by 10-15 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880683", "title": "'Encroachment removal duty of civic body'", "text": "Chennai: The Chennai city police commissioner, J K Tripathy, has told the Madras high court that removal of encroachments from streets and pavements was primarily the duty of the Chennai Corporation, and that the city police was ready and willing to provide security for encroachment removal campaigns.Tripathy made a submission to this effect in a counter-affidavit filed before the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, which is hearing a contempt of court petition filed by social activist Traffic Ramaswamy seeking removal of encroachments from six identified thoroughfares including NSC Bose Road at Broadway.\"Regarding the power to remove encroachment, it is the Chennai corporation who are removing encroachments and the police can register a case for obstruction of traffic or other obstructions which are in the nature of criminal action,\" said Tripathy. He further said: \"The police will take all steps within their powers to assist the authorities to prevent the encroachment of pavements and flanks of roads, and shall also keep a vigil.\"Ramaswamy filed the present contempt petition, on the ground that the police had failed to comply with the earlier directive of the court asking them to remove all platform vendors in the six identified roads in the city. During the earlier hearing, the corporation informed the court that despite their best efforts to remove encroachments permanently, the squatters returned the same spot a few days after their wares were removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13897828", "title": "I'm a weirdo who smokes pot, says Kristen Stewart", "text": "Kristen Stewart has described herself as \"kind of a weirdo, who smokes pot.\"The 'Twilight' star was referring to the moment she realised that the vampire franchise would turn her instantly into a celebrity.\"You can Google my name and one of the first things that comes up is images of me, smoking a pipe,\" the Mirror quoted her as telling Vanity Fair magazine.\"It was taken the day the movie [Twilight] came out. I was no one. I was a kid. The next day it was like I was a delinquent slimy idiot.\"I'm kind of a weirdo, creative Valley Girl who smokes pot. Big deal. But that changed my life instantly. I didn't go out in my underwear anymore,\" she said.The 24-year-old actress also spoke about how she's found certain elements of fame scary since the first Twilight film was released in 2008 and catapulted her into international consciousness.\"It's not the fans that are scary, large groups of people are scary. There's no individual there,\" she said.But she admits she is enjoying one perk of being famous - the free clothes and learning about high fashion, which surprised her boyfriend and Twilight co-star, Robert Pattinson: \"I never saw that coming.\"The hunky actor is referenced again in the piece, defending Stewart against accusations of being too grumpy: \"People have decided how they are going to perceive her.\"No matter how many times she smiles, they'll put in the one picture where she's not smiling,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13881735", "title": "SM Krishna meets 2 stranded Indians in China", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foreign minister SM Krishna met the two Indian traders stranded in China after they were held for not paying dues to their Chinese suppliers. Krishna assured them that he would raise the issue with his Chinese counterpart Yang Jiechi on Thursday.Krishna is in Beijing to attend the SCO summit. He met the two Indian traders, Shyam Sunder Agrawal and Deepak Raheja, who were released from illegal custody from the Chinese suppliers in Yiwu after India's intervention.The Indian Embassy in Beijing has spent more than Rs 13 lakh from the Indian Welfare Community funds for legal services provided to the traders and also for their boarding and lodging.Krishna had discussed the case even earlier with Yang when he visited China in February. Together, the two Indians have been asked to pay 10 million yuan ($1.5 million) to local traders. China has told India that cases against the two Indians would not be withdrawn until they repay the entire amount.The local traders took them into custody last December after their owner fled without making payment for the supplies secured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13881173", "title": "SP government promoting politics of freebies, says Maurya", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dismissing allegations of bequeathing an empty coffer to Samajwadi Party government, leader of the Opposition in Vidhan Sabha, Swami Prasad Maurya said state budget fails to meet manifesto promises made by the ruling party. Participating in the debate on state budget on Wednesday, Maurya accused the Akhilesh government of cutting down allocations to a host of welfare schemes like Kanya Vidhya Dhan, rural development and housing projects for developing Bundelkhand and Purvanchal and promoting instead a \"Bakshish ki Rajneeti\" (politics of freebies).Maurya questioned the budgetary provision of Rs 1,100 crore which, he claimed, would cover only nine lakh unemployed youth in UP. The number of registered unemployed over the last two and half months of SP rule alone totals upto 20 lakh. An additional army of 23 lakh has already cleared the intermediate exams a few days ago. Advising the government to set its priority right, Maurya said instead of distributing allowance it must focus on generating jobs for youth.Then Rs 500 crore loan waiver for farmers, he said, would prove to be too meagre to meet the need. It will help only two farmers in one village, the leader claimed. The manifesto promise of free irrigation facilities have been totally ignored in the budget and allocations for medical and health -- Rs 25 crore will cater to only one lakh patients and leave much to be desired, he further said.Slamming the government for failure to maintain law and order, Maurya claimed that incidents of rape, murder and even communal riots are well on the rise. The government, he said, needs to take a grip on the situation and provide relief to the common man.BJP leader Kalraj Mishra stressed upon the need for preparing a back up contingency plan which can come in to force in case the Central government refuses to be generous with the grants. Mishra questioned the wisdom of distributing laptops and tablets when most of the rural areas have no power. The state government's efforts at strengthening the health infrastructure, he said, is heavily partial towards Saifai which gets Rs 60 millions out of the Rs 249.81 million funds even as the proposed Lucknow cancer institute would get only Rs 20 crore. Mishra took the government to task for treating the deadly JE virus lightly and showing littlie concern for the grave threat which faces Purvanchal.Farmers loan waiver -- the criterion for selection of beneficiaries etc, the BJP veteran declared is very hazy and needs further elaboration. Mishra highlighted the plight of farmers in Bundelkhand and claimed that at least 15 farmers have committed suicide in the belt for their inability to pay back loans. Then special focus and grant to madrassa also came under criticism by the BJP leader who rued that similar aid to Sanskrit t schools was not denied. Rs 100 crore promised to Muslim girls, he said, would lead to a communal chasm in the state and girls from other communities may feel disheartened on the discrimination.Mishra advised the chief minster to concentrate upon building a positive and effective image. This is the only way by which you could contain the lawlessness and salvage the state, he said.CLP leader Pradeep Mathur emphasised on a cohesive policy to promote tourism. Though tourism sector, he said, had suffered gravely after creation of Uttarakhand, places like Varanasi, Faizabad, Agra and Mathura need to be developed along the line with international tourist spots. Mathur supported setting up IT hubs in smaller towns and a greater attention to education sector and road connectivity across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13875903", "title": "26 injured as truck collides with bus", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A major tragedy was averted after a KSRTC bus and a truck loaded with LPG cylinders collided head on at Neyyatinkara on Wednesday. The collision which occurred near a petrol pump in the morning, left 26 injured. Two among them suffered major injuries on their legs.According to eye-witnesses, the truck skidded off the road which had turned slippery owing to a morning drizzle and slid straight into the bus. Both the drivers got trapped in the vehicles that got completely mangled under the impact. Fire force personnel and locals had to smash open the cabin to retrieve the injured drivers.The proximity of a petrol pump and the fact that the truck was fully loaded with LPG cylinders alarmed the locals who reached the spot on hearing a deafening noise. Fortunately the tanker did not lose balance and overturn as what happened in Karunagapally a year ago when a similar truck collided with a car, overturned and blew up in flames. Locals said that it was fortunate that the heavily-packed cylinders did not burst following the accident.The KSRTC bus was heading from Vellarada to Neyyatinkara and the truck was on its way from Kollam to Parassala. The truck driver Prashanth (43) was admitted to the medical college hospital along with some of the bus passengers. Bus driver Sambashivan and the rest of the passengers were admitted to the taluk hospital in Neyyatinkara.The traffic along the NH was completely halted for almost two hours due to the accident. Later, police took control of the traffic and diverted the vehicles to alternate routes. Some among the injured included Ajith (28), Vidyasagar (13), Sampath (49), Suresh Kumar (45), Mohanan (43), Jayan (40), Sudhakaran (60), Sivakrishnan (20), Vivek (15), Pradeep (32) and Sreekantan (60).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13879182", "title": "Medium of instruction policy is administrative solution: Goa CM", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday said his solution to the medium of instruction (MoI) imbroglio was an administrative one. \"My personal opinion on MoI has not changed. The solution which I have come out with is an administrative solution and in administration you have to take into consideration all sections of society,\" Parrikar said.Speaking to media persons after a cabinet meeting, Parrikar said, \"You cannot neglect society and cannot always force your viewpoint on everyone and I found out a reasonable solution for the MoI issue.\" He reiterated that it is better for a child to study in one's mother tongue adding that in his personal view, primary education in Konkani/Marathi in Goa would help in the holistic development of a child considering the cultural ethos and the society he or she lives in.There were mixed reactions to the MoI policy announced on Monday. While Bharatiya Bhasha Suraksha manch (BBSM)\u2014the BJP-supported organization that protested the Digambar Kamat-led government's decision to release grants to English medium primary schools\u2014has maintained a stoic silence, some veterans like Konkani writer Uday Bhembre and Konkani Bhasha Mandal president Prashant Naik have charged Parrikar of adopting double standards.While retaining the mother tongue as the MoI in the primary section, the government on Monday announced that schools that had made the shift to English in the last academic year would continue to get government grants. The cabinet ratified the policy on Wednesday.The government, however, hopes to give Konkani/Marathi education a boost. The cabinet decided to relax the clause which disallows new private Konkani/Marathi schools within a radius of 1km of existing government Konkani/Marathi primary schools. Parrikar said this had forced the opening of English medium schools.\"We have decided to relax this clause and any government school with less than 40 students will not be taken into account while giving permission to start new Konkani/Marathi primary schools,\" Parrikar said. The government has received 40 applications to start new regional language primary schools.There are 152 private English primary schools in the state. \"I hope that out of these 152, at least 50 schools will switch over to Konkani/Marathi if grants are made available,\" he said. Private primaries that opt to switch from English to Konkani/Marathi will be eligible for the one-time government grant of Rs 12 lakh announced on Monday.\"We have already received around five applications from schools to switch from English to Konkani/Marathi. They had to start English medium education because the government was not permitting them to start Konkani/Marathi schools,\" Parrikar said.Parrikar said there are around 39,000 students studying in Konkani/Marathi schools while 52,000 are studying in the English medium. \"My target would be to enroll over 50,000 students in Konkani/Marathi schools within the next three years,\" he added.Parrikar also opined that the education sector should be \"tension and agitation free\" and educationists should decide its future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13882345", "title": "Tata Motors' Dharwad plant now operational", "text": "DHARWAD: Tata Motors' Dharwad plant for small commercial vehicles is now operational and has begun to produce the Tata ACE Zip and the Tata Magic IRIS.PM Telang, managing director - India Operations said manufacturing operations in Dharwad have commenced and the company wants to further expand its operations in the country. \"This move is integral to Tata Motors' dominant presence in the commercial vehicles market,\" he said.Launched in May 2011, Tata Magic IRIS is a four-wheel, 3-4 seater small passenger carrier, a stylish, safe and comfortable alternative for commuters who depend on three-wheelers.Tata Ace Zip, also launched in May 2011, is a technologically superior micro truck with a payload of 600kg for deep-penetration door-to-door goods movement.Established with an investment of over Rs 900 crore, the plant spans across an area of 405 acres. The plant has been constructed as per the norms specified by the Indian Green Building Council (IGBC). The plant has built-in flexibilities to assemble large numbers and different variants in mixed mode production.The major capital outlay, encompassing civil and plant engineering work for the facility, has been sourced from Europe, the US, South Korea, Japan and best-in-class suppliers from India. The capacity of the plant, to begin with, is 90,000 units per year. The plant has directly employed 350 individuals. The recruitment exercise covered about 76 ITIs in Karnataka. Tata Motors has also begun activities towards development of local communities by working on four thrust areas - employability, education, health and environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13889841", "title": "Punjab Deputy CM disassociates from Bluestar memorial", "text": "LUDHIANA: Punjab Deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal on Wednesday sought to distance himself and the state government from construction of Operation Blue Star memorial in Amritsar by radical Sikhs even as Congress warned him against \"playing with peace\" in Punjab.Sukhbir told reporters here this afternoon that the state government had nothing to do with the memorial project.He said it was a project of the Shiromani Gurdwara Prabhandak Committee (SGPC) and Damdmi Taksal (a radical Sikh group) which are constructing the memorial for those who were killed during the Operation Bluestar by security forces to flush out militants from the Golden Temple in Amritsar in June 1984.BJP, an alliance partner in the state government led by SAD, has opposed the memorial saying such a move could encourage the hardliners in the state.Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee President Amarinder Singh warned chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and Sukhbir against \"playing with peace\" in Punjab.\"Punjab has suffered a lot and let us not take the state back to the dark days\", he told a press conference in Jalandhar during his campaign tour for civic body elections.Maintaining that the Operation Bluestar was history now, Amarinder said the state needs to look forward towards peace, progress and prosperity.He asked the Badals as to what was the purpose behind setting up the memorial after about three decades.He also condemned the glorification of the Balwant Singh Rajoana, convicted for assassination of former chief minister Beant Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13878481", "title": "No respite from scorching heat conditions", "text": "KOLKATA: As the first dark clouds started showing up in the blazing Kolkata sky around mid-afternoon, the parched city thought its prayers were answered.But it was too little too late. The number of heat stroke deaths in the state climbed to 100. Seventeen deaths were reported on Wednesday, two of them in Kolkata.And all that the city got were a few scattered raindrops, not even a drizzle.Fifty-year-old tea seller Md Taufiq collapsed at his stall on Karaya Road in the afternoon. He was taken to hospital bur died. A 22-year-old applicant for a police job collapsed and died after a 1.6km test run.As the city sizzled at 40-plus temperatures for the third day, Kolkatans flocked to malls to simply hang around in the air-conditioned comfort.Sumitra Balmiki, who works as a maid, was cooling off at South City with her two nephews. \"Itna garmi hai ki yahan chale aye (it's so hot that we came here),\" said the Lake Gardens slum dweller. \"We cannot buy anything here. We have just come for the AC. We thought we would die at home,\" said one of the boys.Driver Mukul Adhikari said: \"Memsaab and the children have gone shopping. I cannot sit in the underground parking lot. It's steaming hot there. So I am moving about in the mall.\"Non-AC markets were a picture in contrast. New Market was deserted. Shopkeepers said that business has been dull for the past week. \"People are coming only after 5 pm though we open shop at 11am,\" said Suresh Chandarama said.Just then a woman started bleeding from the nose and fainted. She was taken to a hospital.Even the hawkers at the Grand Hotel Arcade were quiet. On other days, they scream their lungs out to outshout each other. \"It's terrible,\" said one of them.Hospitals recorded a surge in admissions on Wednesday, a majority of them being heat stroke patients. Suresh Bhujel and Abhishek Pal were rushed to SSKM Hospital after having a seizure and collapsing on the Race Course during a police training run. Pal died and Bhujel, a Darjeeling resident, is still in hospital. SSKM alone received 14-15 cases.While entering Writers' Buildings, chief minister Mamata Banerjee asked policemen on duty to stand in the shade. District administration officials have been asked to distribute ORS among employees and police personnel.The districts are having the worst of it. The stench of rotting flesh drew people to the body of Sukumar Karmakar, a retired teacher, who had died in his house three days ago.Seven people died in West Midnapore, four in Asansol, two in Hooghly and one each in Bankura and Purulia on Wednesday. At Bankura's Khatra, Niharika Singha, a 75 year old widow, collapsed and died on the road while returning with her pension.South City, Mani Square, Forum, the air conditioned portions of City Centre Salt Lake and City Centre New Town registered turnouts that are by normal standards unusual on a weekday afternoon. Multiplexes brimmed for shows post 11 am, perhaps helping to make Rowdy Rathore a success!The multiplexes went housefull in the afternoon, and even the air conditioned cinema halls said that business was better than usual on weekday afternoons. Suresh Singh, head of Rainbow Home, brought a group of 20 orphans to watch a movie at the Fame Multiplex. \"It was so hot that we cancelled our outdoor trip. We thought spending the whole day in a mall can bring them some relief. So we will watch a film and then even have dinner before going back,\" he said. Naturally the children were happy. Most are in classes VIII and beyond and said that a few days back they went to Mani Square to just hang out to beat the heat. However, Wednesday's movie and dinner were add-ons.The Eastern Railway has opened health centres in all the major junctions and railways stations where drinking water and ORS packets are being distributed. People feeling faint/ill are also being referred to railway doctors. About 27 people reported ill to the centre at Howrah Station. The centres will remain open from 8 am to 8 p.m. as long as the heat wave is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13879996", "title": "Four killed near Madurai as government bus rams lorry", "text": "MADURAI: Four persons, including a three-year-old boy were killed when a government bus they were travelling rammed the rear of a lorry near Sivarakottai in Madurai district on Wednesday.Police said that nine of the bus passengers suffered severe injuries and were admitted to the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) while 20 others sustained injuries of various degrees. Police identified the victims as conductor of the bus Vijayan from Palayamkottai, Shanthi (35) wife of Gunasekaran from Kovilpatti, Sridhar (3) son of Siva from Tirupur and his wife Krishnaveni (35). The driver of the lorry who allegedly brought the vehicle to a halt abruptly resulting in the collision, was arrested.Police said that the state-owned bus had left Tirupur around midnight on Tuesday and was heading towards Tirunelveli. The bus had reached Madurai in the wee hours of Wednesday and was speeding in the four-lane highway. When the vehicle reached Sivarakottai, about 35-km from the city, a cement-laden lorry bound for Karur was proceeding in front of the bus. \"The lorry driver had allegedly brought the vehicle to a halt abruptly on the road. The bus driver, who did not anticipate this, rammed the bus into the rear of the lorry. The left part of the bus was damaged injuring the passengers,\" said a police official.While Vijayan, Shanthi and Sridhar died on the spot, Krishnaveni succumbed to injuries on the way to hospital. All the injured were rushed to the government hospital in Thirumangalam from where nine of them were referred to the government headquarters hospital. Senior police officials including superintendent of police V Balakrishnan visited the spot and conducted inquiries. The lorry driver Chandramohan (24) of Vridachalam was arrested. This is the third accident in the Thirumangalam four-lane stretch in the last 20 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13877223", "title": "Contempt petition against Dara's widow likely to be heard on June 8", "text": "JAIPUR: The contempt of court petition against Dara Singh's wife Sushila Devi and Rajasthan Jat Mahasabha president Raja Ram Meel could not be heard by the high court on Wednesday.The petition had certain technical defects due to which it could not be listed before the vacation bench of Justice SS Kothari. It has been alleged in the petition that Meel and Sushila had made baseless allegations against the state judiciary at a press conference on June 4. The accused duo had called the conference to oppose the release of BJP legislator Rajendra Rathore, who has been absolved of the charge of masterminding the fake encounter of Dara Singh.The contempt petition against Meel and Sushila was filed on Monday before the bench of Justice Bela M Trivedi who had directed that the matter was listed on June 6 once the technical defects were removed. The petitioner's counsel Laxmikant Sharma said that an application has now been placed before the high court registry that the matter be listed for hearing on June 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877260", "title": "Two dupe business school hopeful of Rs 12 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: The police arrested an MBA and a B-Tech graduate for duping a management aspirant after promising him a seat in a Juhu college. Officials suspect the accused are part of larger racket and are investigating the case.The accused, Santosh Dubey and Deepak Dua, had approached a student from Santa Cruz recently after they learnt that he wanted to secure admission to a B-school. The accused convinced the student that they had clout with the B-school's trustees and could help him secure admission under the management quota. \"They accused asked the victim to shell out Rs 12 lakh as the course fee and their commission,\" said a senior police officer.\"They had visited the college several times along with the victim to gain his confidence. The student fell for the trick because the accused had access to the institution and knew most of staff. We will investigate if any employee was in league with the accused,\" he added.After correspondence with the accused, the student was told that his seat was confirmed. The accused even mailed him details on the B-school's fake letterhead.Last month, the accused asked the victim to reach the B-school along with the money. After the victim paid them Rs 12 lakh, Dubey and Dua told him to wait in the B-school campus and said they were going to collect his original admission document from the B-school's office. Later the accused walked out of the building from another gate. After a long wait, the student realized that he had been cheated. The student along with his relatives approached the police and filed a complaint. Sleuths examined cellphone call details of the accused and traced them to Bihar.The two told the police that another accomplice prepared the fake documents. The police are now on the lookout for the person who arranged the forgeries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13876366", "title": "Senior citizen hit by scooter, killed", "text": "MUMBAI: A 59-year-old man was killed after a rider rammed his scooter into him in Kandivli (W) late on Monday. The deceased, Kirti Goradia, was out for an evening walk and was crossing the road when the scooter hit him. The Kandivli police arrested the rider, Jitendra Solanki (43), on charges of negligence. He was released on bail by a metropolitan court on Tuesday.Goradia stayed with his wife and son at Shubhkamana society in Mahavir Nagar. The accident took place opposite Sukhsagar restaurant, close to his residence. \"Around 6.30pm on Monday, Goradia left home to take a walk, but did not return. At 9.30pm, the society watchman informed Goradia's wife that Goradia was injured in an accident,\" senior inspector Hareshwar Pimpale said.According to the police, Goradia fell and hit his head and sustained severe injuries. His family took him to Karuna Hospital at Borivli. He was later shifted to Apex Hospital to be put on a ventilator. Goradia succumbed to his injuries while undergoing treatment.Police officials said Solanki was arrested early on Tuesday and did not try to flee from the spot. His scooter was towed to the Kandivli police station, where he was booked under section 304 (A) of the IPC. There were reports that Solanki is related to a local politician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13880738", "title": "JRFs to take PhD entrance in 10 subjects", "text": "LUCKNOW: It's official. In nearly 10 subjects, Junior Research Fellowship (JRF) candidates seeking admissions in Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) from Lucknow University will have to appear in the entrance test. Reason: the number of applications received are much higher than the number of seats.University officials believe that number of subjects where entrance test will be conducted for JRF will increase after the final counting finishes on Thursday.After closing down the online window for filling up application forms on Tuesday, officials at Lucknow University informed that in subjects such as journalism and mass communication, business administration, political science, bio-chemistry, tourism, sociology, Arab culture and Arabic, JRF candidates will have to appear in the entrance test. Although the university gives direct admission to JRF candidates those seeking admission in the above subjects will have to take the test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13880770", "title": "AIEEE aspirants can view exam answersheets", "text": "LUCKNOW: Candidates who took the All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) 2012 will now be able to see their answer sheets. In a unique first, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) that conducts AIEEE has uploaded scanned images of the answersheets of candidates along with the responses marked by them.The move, CBSE officials said, has been taken to bring transparency in the entire process. Candidates can view answer books on the website: www.cbse.nic and . The facility is not only available for candidates who appeared in the online exam but also for those who took the exam offline. The offline exam candidates can challenge the recorded responses if they differ from the oned they had marked on the OMR sheet.The board has clarified that those candidates who challenge the responses will have to submit their request in person at CBSE regional offices along with a fee of Rs 500. If the challenge is accepted by the board, the correction will be done and the fee will be refunded.This year, CBSE had partially organized online examination for AIEEE. The online exam was held on May 7, 12, 19 and 26 at 221 centres in 88 cities. The offline exam was held on April 7 at 1,735 centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13882933", "title": "No change in our stance on doctor despite Pakistan's clarification: US official", "text": "WASHINGTON: Pakistan has formally informed the US that sentencing of Shakil Afridi was not linked to his help in tracing Osama bin Laden , but this has not changed the view of Obama administration that 33 year imprisonment to the physician was not justified, a senior US official said.\"We continue to express our concerns about his continued incarceration. We have actually gotten some clarity that the charges against him are not related to the bin Laden case apparently,\" state department spokesman, Mark Toner, told reporters at his daily news conference.\"We did get a response from the Pakistani government. This, however, doesn't change our view that the prosecution and conviction of Dr Afridi sends the wrong message about the importance of our shared interest in taking down one of the world's most notorious murderers, bin Laden. So we would just continue to urge the Pakistani government to consider his appeal,\" he said.The US, he said, believes his conviction and sentencing send the wrong message about people who are trying to cooperate to bring down a terrorist like Osama bin Laden.There's an appeal process underway and that that should be considered, he noted.Responding to questions, Toner said the US was very much cognizant of the fact that extremism and terrorism remains a threat to Pakistan's stability, to its citizens.\"Nobody's suffered more from these kinds of terrorist attacks than the people of Pakistan,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13875130", "title": "Intermediate godowns in all taluks soon", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The state government on Tuesday decided to set up intermediate godowns in all taluks across the state following a suggestion made by the Union minister of state for food and civil supplies K V Thomas at a special meeting of FCI and food and civil supplies department officals in Malappuram.The move will help augment the storage space in Food Corporation of India (FCI) godowns and thus help avoid various problems being faced in the distribution of food grains. Minister of food and civil supplies Anoop Jacob also attended the meeting.In another major step to augment the storage capacity of the public distribution system, the meeting decided to start modern silos with the capacity of 25,000 tonnes each in Kozhikode and Kochi. Silos, the godowns with the modern facilities, would enable farmers to directly sell their products.Addressing the media, Thomas said the state government has agreed to actively consider the suggestion to start the intermediate godowns as it would be helpful to make the public distribution system more systematic and effective.\"The intermediate godowns will act as the mediators between FCI godowns and public distribution outlets. These godowns also would become agencies of the state government by receiving food grains from FCI and distributing it to the outlets,\" the minister said adding that the state government should be ready to set up such godowns in all taluks in the state. Anoop Jacob said the godowns will be set up within one year.The delay in the disbursement of the money for the paddy procured by the civil supplies corporation in the state would be resolved soon, and the money would be disbursed within three days to all paddy farmers in the state, it was decided. The meeting also decided to start new FCI godowns with a capacity of 5,000 tonnes each in Meenangadi in Wayanad district and Alappuzha.Minister Thomas also said the Centre will soon sanction more quota of food grains for the APL and BPL families in the state and the order regarding this would be issued soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13892619", "title": "Presidential poll: DMK leaders meet PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: DMK leaders T R Baalu and M K Stalin on Thursday met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and are believed to have discussed the issue of selection of a candidate for the presidential election.The meeting lasted for around 5 to 7 minutes and was described by the DMK leaders as a courtesy call.Talking to reporters after his meeting with the Prime Minister, Stalin said, \"Whatever Karunanidhi had conveyed to defence minister A K Antony is the party's stand on the selection of UPA's Presidential candidate\".On May 5, Karunanidhi said he had no objection if Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee was chosen as UPA's Presidential candidate.Baalu and Stalin would also be meeting Congress president Sonia Gandhi later in the day apparently to discuss the issue of selecting a presidential candidate.Last month, Gandhi had dispatched senior party leader Antony to Chennai to take the DMK supremo M Karunanidhi on board on the issue.Gandhi had held talks with NCP chief Sharad Pawar and Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee on the issue soon after the meeting between Antony and Karunanidhi.Gandhi had on Tuesday also met the RLD chief Ajit Singh.The RLD chief had yesterday said that Pranab Mukherjee was \"qualified\" for the highest constitutional post but his views were \"positive\" on others as well.A fresh round of consultations on the issue of selection of a Presidential nominee has begun in the UPA, after the Congress Working Committee in a meeting passed a resolution authorising Gandhi to decide candidates for the Presidential and Vice Presidential elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13878987", "title": "Mamata Banerjee gifts laptops to minority students", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee handed over certificates and laptops to 30 students who topped Alim, Fazil and High Madarssa examinations of 2012.She said, \"I have advised them to study hard, so that they can succeed in life. I want to see them as doctors, engineers or moulavis. They should be able to turn their dreams into reality. The state government will support them.\"\"I shall support the minority students who are economically weak, so that they prosper in life. Money will not be a factor,\" the chief minister added. All the students and their guardians were very happy to interact with the CM.Urban development minister Firhad Hakim, disaster management minister Javed Ahmed Khan, panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee and social welfare minister Sabitri Mitra were also present at the programme.On Thursday, the chief minister will felicitate the top 20 students of Madhyamik and Higher Secondary examinations this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13883452", "title": "Citizens watch rare celestial phenomenon", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The rare celestial event, Transit of Venus, which started from the wee hours at 3.40am on Wednesday and continued till 10.22am was witnessed by thousands of people at Jawahar Planetarium amid the presence of senior officials and astrophysicists.The planetarium had made special arrangements for viewing of the cosmic phenomenon which would next occur after a gap of 105 years.Planetarium director Pramod Pande said three telescopes had been installed for viewing of the event. These included a six-inch diameter telescope fitted with solar filters along with a three inch refractor telescope where projection of the event was given on a giant screen in order to enable group viewing.Pande said besides this a small telescope was also installed for public viewing. The planetarium had also installed pin hole cameras and distributed special goggles for viewing of the Sun by children.He added that objective behind undertaking such a big exercise was to enable maximum viewing of this rare celestial event by people using varied techniques ranging from a pin hole camera to a large telescope.A large size mirror was also put up at the lawns where the visitors could see the reflection of the Sun even as Venus passed between the Sun and Earth and the planet gets aligned with the former. This was a rare event which was witnessed by thousands of people including children at Jawahar Planetarium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13877566", "title": "Y Sampangi out on bail", "text": "BANGALORE: The MLA of Kolar Gold Fields Y Sampangi walked free from Parappana Agrahara jail on Wednesday, a day after the high court granted him conditional bail. He was sentenced to imprisonment on bribery charges by the Lokayukta court.He was received by family members outside the jail. He also prayed at the temple on the jail premises just before leaving. \"It took nearly an hour for him to complete the formalities and he was in the visitors' room next to the jail superintendent's office from 6.45am,\" said a jail official. His family took him in a Hyundai i-10 to his home in Hongasandra near Parappana Agrahara.Acting on the complaint, Lokayukta had police laid a trap, and caught Sampangi red-handed while accepting a bribe of Rs 45,000 in cash and rest in cheque for Rs 4.5 lakh in Legislators' Home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13881021", "title": "VK Arya murder case: AK Shukla granted bail", "text": "LUCKNOW: A district sessions judge on Wednesday granted bail to former Lucknow CMO Dr AK Shukla in Dr VK Arya murder case. He had been arrested by the CBI on April 30 for allegedly masterminding the murder of his colleague Dr Arya.After hearing the counsel of Dr Shukla and the CBI, sessions judge KK Sharma ordered Dr Shukla's release against two sureties of Rs 2 lakh each and a personal bond of equal value. The court said Dr Shukla won't influence, threaten or win over any witness of the case or persuade any witness not to depose any fact before a court or the CBI. The court also directed him to remain present in the court on each date and in unavoidable circumstances Dr Shukla would be represented through his lawyer. The court also directed Dr Shukla to surrender his passport.Dr Shukla was arrested by the CBI for his alleged involvement in the murder of Dr Arya in October 2010. Six months later, Dr Arya's successor Dr BP Singh was also shot in the state capital. Both the murders were linked to the large-scale scam in the National Rural Health Mission in the state. Dr Shukla had earlier been arrested by the Lucknow police last year for his role in the scam. But, CBI has accused him of plotting the murder of Dr Arya as well.On Wednesday, the CBI counsel opposed Dr Shukla's bail on the grounds that the investigations into the case were under way and that the CBI had already collected strong evidence against him. The CBI lawyer contested that the bail application of RK Verma, a co-accused in the same case, had been turned down by the court and since Dr Shukla was also an accused in the same murder case, he must not be allowed bail.Dr Shukla was highly resourceful and if he is released on bail he would affect the probe, the CBI counsel said. The defence lawyers took a strong exception to the CBI's arguments in the case insisting that there was no direct evidence to establish Dr Shukla's involvement in the case and hence he must be released. He also assured the court that Dr Shukla was willing to make himself available to the CBI as and when required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13895378", "title": "Samantha and Karthi to follow Venkat Prabhu's 'Diet'?", "text": "The most busiest heroine of South India Samantha has bagged another offer opposite Karthi in Venkat Prabhu's direction. As per the reports, this new film is titled as 'Biriyani' with a tagline 'A Venkat Prabhu Diet'.This is a romantic comedy entertainer. The film will go on floors from August 2012. Premgi Amaren will be seen as Karthi's best friend in this film.Gnanavel Raja's Studio Green is producing the film. Yuvan Shankar Raja is composing the movie. Sakthi Saravanan is cinematography. Stunt choreography by Silva and editing by Praveen KL.Meanwhile, Karthi's Saguni is getting ready for release. On the other hand Samantha is busy with 6 projects in hand including a Bollywood movie.Source: currentweek.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13883687", "title": "Kisan call centre opened", "text": "Patna: Agriculture minister Narendra Singh inaugurated a Kisan call centre with state-of-the-art technology at Rasayan Bhavan in Mithapur agriculture farm here on Wednesday.He said the centre would provide free of cost agriculture-related scientific information to the farmers on phone besides giving expert advice from the agriculture scientists. It would be of great help to the farmers at their doorstep, he said.The minister had a video conference from the Kisan call centre with the joint secretary in the Union agriculture ministry, Sanjeev Gupta, at his Krishi Bhavan office in New Delhi. He said all the scientific advices and information given from the Kisan call centre to the farmers would be monitored by the agriculture scientists in Delhi. The quality of information and the scientific advice given to the farmers would be checked and, if required, suitably corrected, Gupta said. He said conversations with the farmers would be recorded to ensure that correct and quality information is provided to them.The call centre at Patna would cater to the needs of farmers of Bihar and Jharkhand. Farmers can make a call either on the landline phone number 1551 or mobile phone number 18001801551 to connect to the call centre. These numbers can handle eight phone calls at a time.Gupta told Singh that 80% farmers in the country were using mobile phones. So, they could access free and easily available agriculture information and scientific advice by the agriculture experts and scientists between 6am and 10pm every day through the Kisan call centres located at 13 places across the country. He said if the Kisan call centres phone lines are choked due to large number of calls from the farmers, one can record their queries and complaints on voice mail.Through video conferencing, Gupta complimented Singh for the state's achievement in the field of agriculture. Singh requested Gupta to remove the deficiency, if any, so that Bihar could progress well on agriculture front. During his dialogue with Gupta, Singh was accompanied by the secretary, agriculture, N Vijaylaxmi.Chief executive officer, IFFCO Kisan Sanchar Limited, S Srinivasan, said since the launching of Kisan call centres across the country, farmers were, on an average, making 12,000 calls per day and the maximum calls were being made by the farmers of Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13880796", "title": "Shiv Sena to hold meeting of all office-bearers over MLC polls", "text": "NASHIK: Aiming to chalk out the strategies in view of the biennial elections to the Maharashtra legislative council from Nashik division's teachers' constituency, the Shiv Sena called the meet ofall city and district office-bearers at its central office on Thursday.With less than a month left for the polls scheduled on July 2 political activities have gathered momentum with the Sena announcing that office-bearer Sanjay Chavan, of the Sena's teachers' wing - Maharashtra Rajya Shikshak Sena, as its candidate.\"We suffered a setback in the recently held elections to MLC from Nashik local self-governing bodies constituency. But this time, we have to win the election and are outlining strategies towards this goal. We are therefore having an all party office-bearers meeting on Thursday. We will discuss the present situation and what can be done to win the Nashik seat from the teachers' constituency,\" a senior Sena leader said.The notification, which kickstarts the poll process with the filing of nominations would be issued on June 8 and last date of submitting nominations is June 15.After scrutiny scheduled for the following day, the last date for withdrawal of candidature is June 18. Voting will be held on July 2 from 8 am to 4 pm. The counting of votes will begin on July 4 at 8 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13879171", "title": "Lubricating oil worth Rs 3.5 crore seized", "text": "KOLKATA: Officers of Enforcement Branch on Tuesday recovered lubricating oil worth Rs 3.5 crore from an unlicensed production unit at Salkia in Howrah.The manufacturers have a registered office at Sarat Bose Road in south Kolkata.One person has been arrested in connection with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13880821", "title": "Nashik\u2019s young swimmers make a splash", "text": "NASHIK: The 39th Maharashtra State Age Group Aquatic Championship was conducted by the state body at Balewadi complex, Pune to select the state team for nationals. The four day event that concluded on June 4 saw several Nashik swimmers gather accolades.Prasad Khairnar led the Nashik challenge in U-17 boys with two individual gold medals in the 50 and 100 meters freestyle events. He also helped his team register a gold medal in 4x100 freestyle and a bronze in the 4X200 freestyle relay.In the same age group for girls, Namita Madgundi led the charge with a gold in 800m freestyle, a silver in 1500m freestyle and two bronzes in the 200 and 400 meters freestyle events.In the U-14 age group, a comparative newcomer, Manik Chaturmutha was among the medal winners. In the 1500m freestyle she made a commendable effort which bagged her a silver among a brace of silvers in the 4x100 and 4x 200 freestyle relays. But her winning streak did not end, as she ploughed on in the waters to win three bronzes in the 200m, 400m and 800m freestyle events as well.In the same age group Tanmay Patil lifted a bronze in 400m freestyle event.The team medal winners from the Nashik were Yash Kamble, Raees Sohail, Shreyas Veergaonkar and Abhishek Kittur (U-17), Girija Tokekar, Jagruti Shahane and Shweta Shardul (U-14).All the swimmers are a part of the SAI training centre, Nashik camp, and regularly practice with their coach Shankar Madgundi at the Sawarkar swimming pool.Maadgundi feeling naturally proud with his students' feats in the water, expressed happiness and hoped the trio would etch their names into the nationals and make their city prouder than it already feels about them.Prasad Khairnar, Namita Madgundi and Manik Chaturmutha have been selected in the state team for the 39th nationals scheduled to take place in Chennai during July 11-15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13878235", "title": "Luxury Bill passed; tax after notification", "text": "New Delhi: Visiting a spa, exercising at a gymnasium and booking a banquet hall is all set cost more. The state government passed the Delhi Tax on Luxuries (Amendment) Bill, 2012 in the assembly amid a walk out by BJP legislators who opposed levying luxury tax on banquet halls, saying it will burden the common man. However, the tax regime will be effective after a notification.The Congress MLAs said the tax will not impact the common man as the facilities being brought under the tax bracket are used by the affluent. Spas, gyms, health clubs and banquet halls with an annual turnover of over Rs 5 lakh will be covered under the tax. According to a source the levy may be around 3%. However, the final decision on the quantum of tax is yet to be finalized.It has also been decided to bring hotels with room rent of Rs 750-1000 under the luxury tax net. \"We oppose levying tax on banquet halls and gyms,\" said leader of opposition V K Malhotra.Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit , however, rejected the demands saying even BJP ruled states like Madhya Pradesh and Karnataka had imposed similar taxes .\"We want to collect revenues from these services availed of by the rich and utilize the funds for welfare of the poor,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13883716", "title": "Tamil fury forces Sri Lankan president to skip UK speech", "text": "LONDON: Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa was on Wednesday forced to cancel his speech at the Commonwealth Economic Forum here, amid demonstrations by hundreds of Tamil and human rights activists protesting against human rights violations in his country.Hundreds of Tamils and human rights activists carrying LTTE flags gathered outside Marlborough House in central London protesting Rajapaksa's presence at a lunch for Queen Elizabeth hosted by Commonwealth secretary General Kamalesh Sharma.Rajapaksa was jeered as he arrived through the main gate, his car not carrying a flag because of security concerns, the BBC reported. Angry demonstrators shouted slogans against Rajapaksa and burnt his effigy.Earlier, the Commonwealth Business Council said it has cancelled Rajapaksa's speech \"after careful consideration\".A spokesman for Scotland Yard said it had agreed to guarantee the President's security but the CBC had \"decided it was not in their interest to stage the event\" because of the extent of the policing required and the likely disruption to the city of London.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13877871", "title": "Siddaramaiah says he can't work with 'sleeping leadership' in state Congress", "text": "BANGALORE: By using his private car to go home from the airport after arriving from New Delhi on Wednesday, Siddaramaiah made a clear statement that he's firm about resigning from the opposition leader's post and giving up perks which go with it.During the brief media interaction later, Siddaramaiah declined to divulge details of discussions with AICC president Sonia Gandhi and other leaders on the issue. He only repeated that he felt humiliated and therefore resigned. Siddaramaiah resigned from the CLP and opposition party leader's post on June 1 as he felt slighted over not being consulted in selection of candidates for the legislative council elections on June 11.Party sources told TOI Siddaramaiah discussed with Delhi leaders what he felt was wrong with the Congress. \"I cannot work with a party leadership which is sleeping,\" he reportedly said.Party sources said the fact that Sonia met him for 50 minutes (something he couldn't do a few months ago) indicated that the high command has taken murmurs in the state unit seriously. \"It is not always that Rahul will devote 45 minutes to hear a member's grievances and Oscar Fernandes, B K Hariprasad and Ahmed Patel also gave him time,'' they added.Sonia is reported to have said the denial of ticket to former MP C M Ibrahim, who was reluctant to contest the council elections, but was persuaded two months ago was not right. The tickets were finalized in consultation with AICC general secretary Madhusudan Mistry.KPCC president G Parameshwara, widely perceived as being responsible for the resignation, maintained the resignation hasn't been accepted. \"Siddaramaiah is still the CLP leader,\" he said.The face-off between Siddaramaiah and Parameshwara has been brewing for a while. The former is said to be unhappy, with what many members called corporate style of functioning. One flashpoint was Parameshwara's decision to hold functions in districts for people to join the party and also visiting drought-affected districts. \"The dates and places were decided and party leaders were asked to join and this enraged Siddaramaiah,'' a party insider said.When Siddaramaiah threatened to stay away, a flustered high command summoned them and counselled them to work together. The KPCC president was asked to put the programmes on hold.For the past couple of years, the state unit hasn't had a cohesive leadership. The high command has also not taken keen interest in fixing the problems with AICC general secretaries in charge being too preoccupied with other responsibilities or being partisan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13882508", "title": "Female condom alien to Chandigarh, finds survey", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Most of the couples who were part of a study regard condoms only as a barrier method of contraception and not as a means to prevent sexually transmitted infections (STIs). Going by a collaborative study done by the PGI and the Miller School of Medicine, University of Miami , US, in a sample size of 30 couples who visited the special clinics of the PGI it was documented that 64% women and 59% of the men did not use any condom regularly. In addition to this, regarding female condoms, only 28.6% had heard about it and none had ever seen it. The study done as a pilot project for a year has been recently published in the International Journal of Behavioral Medicine.The male condom was being used by 11 of the 30 couples. None of the participants had ever used a female condom or a vaginal gel during sexual intercourse. The study was conducted by Deborah Jones, Rashmi Bagga, Ritu Nehra, Deepika, Sunil Sethi, Kamini Walia, Mahendra Kumar, OlgaVillar-Loubet, Maria Lopez and Stephen M Weiss.Dr Rashmi of the department of gynaecology, PGI said, \"This was a pilot project and we have submitted the report to the funding agency, Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR). We found that most of the couples were not aware of condom usage and its efficacy in preventing STIs including HIV.\"She said, \"We had demonstrated how to use female condoms correctly to women, most of who had one or more children. None of the women knew about female condoms which are available in the country at a reasonable rate.\" The study used interviews and its analysis as a methodology. The present study showed a low level of awareness about the symptoms of STI and HIV and usage of the condom as protective measure. Post intervention, there was increased awareness regarding the use of condoms both as contraceptives and also to provide protection against STIs and HIV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13883896", "title": "Plan to plant 25cr trees in state in 5 years", "text": "Patna: Bihar plans to plant 25 crore trees during 2012-2017. This was announced by chief minister Nitish Kumar on Wednesday while addressing a Hariyali (greenery) programme, organized by environment and forest department.Kumar said the government would provide assistance for the safety of trees. A tree plantation drive has been launched under MNREGA too. Different departments have been involved in this campaign and given areas to cover them with plantation. The competence level of forest officials will be judged on the basis of the expansion of forest cover, he added. About the agriculture department's drive to save the gardens and orchards, the CM said the government would provide a token help of Rs 1,000 per acre for soil digging and maintenance. \"Our aim is not only to implement the forest preservation laws but also to create fresh green cover,\" he said and pleaded for bamboo plantation along the canals which would be useful for farming.The CM recalled his recent visit to Dharahra village in Bhagalpur district and said he planted a sapling there to mark the birth of a girl. \"I visit this unique village every year where ten saplings of fruit-bearing trees are planted to mark the birth of each girl. This practice gives the message that a daughter is more precious than a son,\" he said and added the state was moving towards not only the green revolution but also the rainbow revolution and this mission was moving forward under the leadership of state government's agriculture adviser Mangla Rai. Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said the earth could not be saved by observing one day as the World Environment Day. \"We have to observe environment day every day and we should not crave for development at the cost of the environment. Our aim is to achieve development while preserving the environment,\" he said and added the budget of environment and forest department was merely Rs 2 crore about six years ago but now it was Rs 100 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13875208", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation budget: Standing committee chief Tiwari shows little 'Daya'", "text": "NAGPUR: Though he seems to have presented a balanced budget for this fiscal, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari has failed to fulfil the expectations of citizens by not reducing the octroi (4.5% - the highest in the state) on petrol and diesel. Instead, he has thrown the ball into the state government's court asking it to scrap the cess on both the fuels.\"This,\" he says, \"would bring down the cost by Re 1 (petrol) and Rs 3 (diesel) per litre.\" The state government, which itself is trying to find different ways to come out of deep dept, is quite unlikely to play the do-gooder's role in this case.The corporators will discuss the budget on June 8 following which it will be implemented immediately.To bring transparency in property tax, Tiwari has proposed that it be calculated on the basis of the ready reckoner. This will hit citizens hard as the tax will almost be double for residential and triple for commercial properties. But Tiwari, who showed no nervousness while presenting his first budget and ever recited several poems, showed that he had a soft heart as he did not hike the water tariff.Tiwari has presented a surplus budget of Rs 1,286.28 crore, the highest in the history of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). According to his jugglery, NMC's revenue is likely to increase to Rs 1,291.28 crore by adding the last fiscal's surplus fund of Rs 5 crore. Of the total expected revenue, Tiwari proposed expenditure of Rs 1,291.17 crore for a surplus of Rs 11 lakh at the end of this fiscal.Increasing the target of revenue from octroi to Rs 575 crore (rise of Rs 140 crore as against the last fiscal), Tiwari said that the reduction in its levy on petrol will not bring much relief to citizens. \"The government is collecting Rs 1 per litre on petrol and Rs 3 per litre on diesel in the name of cess since 2000 for expansion of roads under IRDP Project. Despite completion of the project, the recovery of cess is going on,\" he said.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal had written to the state government on January 24, 2011 seeking details of the amount recovered from Nagpurians but there has been no response. It is estimated that the government had recovered much more than what it spent on IRDP roads. \"We will ask the government to return the extra amount and stop recovery of cess on petrol and diesel. This will bring relief for citizens,\" Tiwari added.Though Tiwari has come up with good schemes, most would appear to be a distant dream as a number of previous proposals have still not been cleared by the government. Interestingly, the proposed octroi hike will come into effect immediately after implementation of the budget but the reductions require the consent of the government.Stating that the revenue from octroi is very crucial for the NMC as it accounts to 44.70% of the total revenue, Tiwari has proposed to double the levy on all type of vehicles including two-wheelers, four-wheelers, autos, trax etc and hike in bearings, machinery and iron scrap related items.At the same time, Tiwari has proposed to exempt various kinds of flour and daily need products manufactured by small scale industries, sabudana and bagar from octroi.In a radical proposal, the NMC would collect Rs 10 per electric pole per month from Spanco, the private company which distributes power in more than 3/4{+t}{+h} parts of the city. \"We have a right to charge those doing private business in Nagpur. Charges will also be levied on transformers and substations under Spanco,\" said Tiwari who hopes to raise Rs 3-4 crores in this fashion.The standing committee chairman has proposed around 50 schemes, which include new and pending ones. Some good ones are for women and child welfare. He has identified few new sources of revenue and also projects to strengthen the administration for the overall development of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "13877624", "title": "Cloudy skies hide Venus transit across Sun in Goa", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: Overcast conditions throughout the morning frustrated enthusiastic viewers from witnessing the last transit of Venus on Wednesday morning, but a few in other parts, especially Margao, saw the sun emerge briefly with the black dot on its face.The rare celestial sight had drawn astronomy enthusiasts, amateurs, parents and children to the Panaji observatory run by the association of friends of astronomy (Goa) and another facility arranged by its Margao chapter at Ravindra Bhavan, Fatorda.The rare celestial phenomenon occurs when Venus is wedged in a line between the earth and the sun. The Wednesday event was the eighth one after the telescope was invented, but the last of the century. The next one will occur only after 105.5 years in 2117.But the viewers at Margao had to wait till 6.30 when the clouds dispersed for a 15-minute observation. Intermittently, the clouds kept shielding the sun. By 7.30, the crowd swelled and the event could be seen again.\"At that point of time Venus had travelled a little more than half its path across the Sun,\" Atul Naik, Margao chapter president said.Many morning walkers also availed of the arrangement. There was telescoping viewing with filters, solar goggles, pin hole camera projection and a photography session.\"We were asked a whole lot of questions regarding the transit,\" Naik said.Some viewers were struck by the size of earth's sister planet, Venus, which appeared as a dot on the Sun's face. Earth and Venus are equal in size. The transit helps in measuring the distance of earth and Venus from the sun.But the viewers at the Junta house terrace in Panaji faced a huge disappointment as the cloud cover shielded the sun throughout the event.\"We had lots of visitors from 5.45am, including photographers and electronic media, students and parents, but it was impossible to see anything due to weather conditions,\" Satish Naik, association secretary said.Many had to console themselves watching the live telecast of the event on a screen. \"We were screening the event live from 4am,\" Naik said.\"Many of them waited patiently till 10am, but we had to call it off as nothing could be seen,\" Naik added.Deepak Parab, a technical officer of department of science and technology (DST), Goa, was one among a few who observed it in Mapusa. \"I saw the spot around 9am outside my house,\" he said.\"As the transit had commenced at 3:40:30am, the phase of the event seen in Goa, only after sunrise, was between the maximum transit and internal egress,\"Joseph Rauto D'Souza, chief scientist, DST said.The first contact or the external ingress when the Venus touched the outside rim of the sun's disc occurred at 3.40:30, internal ingress at 3.58:07, maximum ingress when the view was to the optimum level at 07.03:05, internal egress at 10.05:11 and external egress at 10.22:32.In the run-up to the event, DST had conducted workshops in the state, as part of its outreach programme to popularize science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13899119", "title": "Not best friends with Pratyusha: Anjum Farooki", "text": "They are onscreen rivals but off-screen, things are different between Anjum Farooki (Gauri) and Pratyusha Banerjee (Anandi).Both Anjum and Pratyusha rose to popularity with Balika Vadhu on Colors TV. Everyone knows of Gauri's intense dislike for Anandi because she feels Jagya still has feelings for his former wife. But on the sets, both Anjum and Pratyusha share a professional relationship. Says Anjum, \"Pratyusha and me are not best friends but we are cordial with one another\".When asked about Pratyusha's participation in Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa season 5, Anjum says, \"I look forward to her performances and wish her all the best\". Does Anjum like to be a part of reality show and pat comes her reply, \"I wouldn't mind doing a reality show as far as my personal life is not under the public glare\".Here's hoping Anjum's wishes help Pratyusha win the coveted prize in Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa season 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13880848", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation urges poll panel to allow city infrastructure works", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik's civic leaders met the election commission to seek permission to hasten basic infrastructure works, particularly pre-monsoon tasks. They were told that the process of doing so would be taken up after talking to the divisional revenue commissioner.MNS MLAs Vasant Gite and Bala Nandgaonkar; mayor Yatin Wagh, deputy mayor Satish Kulkarni, chairman of the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) standing committee Uddhav Nimse, group leader of CPM Tanaji Jaybhave and Shiv Sena corporator Ajay Boraste met the deputy election commissioners Chand Goel and Devashish Chakravarti on Tuesday to seek permission for basic civic works.\"We gave a written appeal to the deputy commissioners and told them that civic work in the city has been hampered due to the on-going code of conduct. We asked them to permit the NMC to carry out with the important and urgent works. Goel said that he would ask the revenue commissioner to issue the permission letter and he asked us to meet the revenue commissioner. Goel said that all the important civic works could be carried out except for anything related to teachers,\" said Gite.The delegation said that first the code of conduct for the civic elections was enforced, then for the legislative council elections and now for the election of the teacher's constituency. The code of conduct does not allow the NMC to float tenders or issue contractors for any civic work. However the NMC can itself carry out infrastructural work using its own employees.\"Earlier there used to be no code of conduct for the election of the teacher's constituency. Even during the election of the legislative council it was the corporators who were voters but the citizens suffered. We said that we will not undertake any new project,\" said Gite.Boraste said that several key works needed to be completed on a priority basis and that included pre-monsoon works that had already been delayed, as well as other health-related issues such as mosquito control measures.The election commission's (EC) code of conduct due to the teachers' constituency polls does not allow for contracts to be issued for civic projects. A delegation of civic leaders met with the EC seeking permission for the NMC itself to carry out urgent infrastructural work before the monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13885464", "title": "It is going to be a tough race due to economic condition: Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama has acknowledged that it is going to be a tough race with his Republican challenger Mitt Romney primarily because the economic condition of the country has not improved as it should have been.\"This is going to be a tough race, precisely because the economy is not where it needs to be yet,\" Obama said in his remarks at a campaign event at San Francisco in California.Obama, the first non-white president of the country is seeking re-election in the November presidential elections.Obama used the occasion to attack economic policies of Romney and the Republican Party.\"What are they offering? They are offering not just the Bush tax cuts, but an additional USD 5 trillion in tax cuts for folks who don't need them oftentimes. We know it will blow up the deficit, but their theory is - Governor Romney's theory, the Republican leadership in Congress' theory -- is that the economy grows best when we are all on our own, when the market is king, and regulations are stripped away and people can do what they please,\" he said.\"We deeply believe in the free markets and we deeply believe in risk-takers and innovators being rewarded -- and there's no place that innovates like northern California.\"But we all recognize that the way America became great, the way it became an economic superpower, is because, for all our individual initiative, for all our rugged individualism, there were some things that we do better together,\" he said.Obama said his and that of Romney's are two fundamentally contrasting vision.\"We are going to be facing a fundamental choice. I want this to be a fulsome debate. I want the American people to hear exactly what they are getting if the other side prevails, and what they are going to be getting if I prevail.\"Because I have been pretty clear about what I believe, and we have implemented a whole bunch of stuff which is reflective of the values that I think have made this country great,\" he said.Listing to the achievements of his administration, Obama said change is indeed taking place, but more needs to be done.\"We are going to have to work hard,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13877537", "title": "Cloud over hunt for new IIM-Ahmedabad director", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A row has erupted over the constitution of a search committee formed to find a successor to IIM-A director Samir Barua whose term ends in November.In separate letters, state education secretary Hasmukh Adhia and industrialist Chintan Parikh, both members of the IIM-A board of governors, have raised concerns over the manner in which the committee was formed as well its composition.The committee was formed by former IIM-A chairman Vijaypat Singhania on March 24, also the day of the IIM convocation, three days before his term ended. A last-minute proposal to constitute the committee was brought before this last board meeting that Singhania was to chair.Some members had wanted the issue to be taken up later as it required deliberations, while others, presuming that the decision would be taken by Singhania's successor and L&T; chief A M Naik, said the matter should be left to the chairman to decide.As per protocol, IIM-A board chairman is also the ex-officio head of the search committee. However, in this case, Singhania finalised the four-member committee within three hours of the conclusion of the board meeting, without naming the chairperson.The four-member committee has Rama Bijapurkar, management consultant and visiting faculty; Ashank Desai of Mastek Ltd; Prafull Anubhai, alumni turned faculty; and Hasit Joshipura of GSK Pharma. Both Adhia and Parikh confirmed they had raised objections but refused to divulge contents of their letters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13881830", "title": "Leon Panetta urges India, US to bury differences with Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as he underlined that the US would continue drone attacks to take out the leadership of al-Qaida and Taliban in Pakistan, US defence secretary Leon Panetta on Wednesday said both New Delhi and Washington must work to resolve their differences with Islamabad.\"I welcome the initial steps India and Pakistan have taken to normalize trade relations, a process that we believe is key to resolving their differences and to help Pakistan turn around its economy and counter extremism within its borders,\" said Panetta, at a lecture at IDSA.\"Pakistan is a complicated relationship for both our countries but one that we must work to improve. India and the US will need to continue to engage Pakistan overcoming our respective - and often deep - differences with Pakistan to make all of South Asia peaceful and prosperous,\" he said.Holding that a stable Pakistan was needed for a stable Afghanistan, Panetta said he had urged the Indian leadership to continue with their \"additional support\" to Kabul through trade and investment, reconstruction and training assistance to the Afghan security forces as the war-ravaged country transitions to self-governance.Around 300 Afghan security personnel currently undergo courses in Indian military training establishments annually, with plans afoot to increase the intake to around 1,000. Panetta, on his part, strongly supported this \"expansion\" in the endeavour.On the bilateral defence and security cooperation, Panetta pitched for \"deepening\" the Indo-US ties to \"truly provide security for this region and the world\". During the delegation-level talks, defence minister AK Antony also stressed the priority for India was to move beyond the buyer-seller transactions and to focus on transfer of high-end technologies.Panetta said the US was \"firmly committed\" to providing the \"best defence technology possible\" to India. \"But to realize the full potential of defence trade relations, we need to cut through the bureaucratic red-tape on both sides,\" he said, adding he was certain that the bilateral defence trade would transition to \"substantial co-production and eventually joint R&D; in high technology\".As a humanitarian step, India will also allow the resumption of the search for the \"remains\" of the 430 American personnel, in the upper reaches of Arunachal Pradesh and other states, who were killed in plane crashes while flying the Himalayan ``hump'' between India and China during World War-II.\"This is a humanitarian gesture by the Indian government, with whom we share so many values. The ability to return heroes to their loved ones is something that America deeply, deeply appreciates,\" said Panetta. While US personnel had earlier conducted some such search missions in the region, they were later halted by India probably because of the China factor in Arunachal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "avadhis love to gloat over their two possessions", "code": "13888050", "title": "Changing times: From pehle aap to pehle tum", "text": "Avadhis love to gloat over their two possessions: zubaan (language ) and Dussehri aam. Both, say the natives, are imbued with sweetness and refinement, and give Lucknow a distinctive identity. Many would find it difficult to dispute the claim.The zubaan of Lucknow is a hybrid of Hindi, Urdu, Persian, Arabic and British languages. Basically, it's Hindustani: heavily laced with Hindi and Urdu words. This makes it easy to speak and understand. The city of graces uses exalted forms of addresses like janab, huzur, hazrat and sarkar. The most preferred pronoun, too, is 'aap' and not 'tu' or 'tum', and the natives, like Avadhi cusines, show great delicacy and taste in the selection of words.Avadh's lingua franca was best captured in Muzaffar Ali's bollywood flick Umrao Jaan. Its dialogues had words picked straight from the city's lexicon. But that was circa 1981. Much water has flown since then. The conversations overheard on the streets of Lucknow today sound diluted, at times even pedestrian in terms of word selection. Many say the 'Pehle Aap' tehzeeb has given way to 'Pehle Tum'.So, is it time to revisit the Lakhnavi zubaan? Or, has it become too obsolete to find a pride of place in a fast changing cultural mileu?Veteran bookseller Ram Advani dismisses the notion of any decline in city's style of speech. Advani, who takes pride in calling himself a Lucknowite first and a Sindhi later, says : \"Our zubaan is too deep-rooted to lose its grace and delicacy.\" He goes on to add that language evolves with culture and it's a natural process that Lakhnavi speech now has the influence of words imported from its immigrant population. He, however, admits that \"city's commercial intelligentsia has expanded, but its cultural imagination has not grown in that proportion.\"Advani's views find support from writer Ravi Bhatt. \"Lucknow's language will remain as dominant as the Banaras gharana,\" says an optimistic Bhatt. He, too, emphasises that cultural change is inevitable and languages also go through a metamorphosis.Cultural evolution has always found roots in Avadhi soil. This part of the country has always remained open to vistas of change. Filmmaker Sudhir Mishra, who hails from the city, says Lucknow is far richer than the sophistication of thought, and a sense of grace permeates through its cultural ethos. \"The idea of tameez and tehzeeb will change. Zubaan is not static, it's dynamic. It incorporates the new trends and one should get used to it,\" says Mishra.The streets of Lucknow buzz with anecdotes on how the art of language has blossomed many romantic relationships. Letters laden with delicate praises were exchanged among the Cupid-struck till a few years back. Lakhnavi zubaan has also been a representative of the Ganga-Jamuni tehzeeb with 'adaab' and 'namaskar' being the main salutations.Lucknow chronicler Yogesh Praveen, however, laments the loss of refinement in conversations. \"The major reason for decline is the influx of immigrants. They have eroded the characteristic grace of Lucknow and replaced it with rough and rude words.\" Praveen also attributes the fall to the growing dominance of English. \"Parents, instead of instilling city's culture into their children, coax them to speak English. So, how can we expect kids to pick up the conversational etiquette which is peculiar to the city of Nawabs,\" says Praveen.Writer KP Saxena, who has penned dialogues for Bollywood blockbusters Lagaan and Jodha Akbar, is more harsh in his remarks. \"Our zubaan has become rotten and there is little hope that it will regain its lost glory,\" says Saxena.Inhabitants may give a divided verdict but most of them favour the retention of delicacy in speech. Advani and Bhatt say people should set examples that can be emulated. \"I do not think the SMS generation has corrupted our zubaan. If 5 out of 100 youngsters have grace in their words, then it's a healthy trend,\" says the veteran bookseller.A little uplift to Avadhi art of conversation seems a plausible proposition. It just calls for a balancing act between the old and new lexicons. Perhaps, the natives can take a leaf from French writer Guy de Maupassant who said: \"My choices are simple. I like the best.\" The same can be applied to the selection of words!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13882101", "title": "Monsoon flow weakens as it comes close to city", "text": "PUNE: The southwest monsoon made further rapid advance along the west coast and some parts of the interiors to almost reach the doorstep of the city on Wednesday. Nevertheless, it may still take three to four days for it to arrive in Pune and Mumbai.\"The monsoon current has slightly weakened due to a low pressure system of the intensity of a tropical cyclone in the south Indian ocean , which falls in the southern hemisphere,\" said Sunitha Devi S, IMD's director for weather forecasting here.\"We expect this system to influence the monsoon flow for the next couple of days. It's a temporary lull and the monsoon flow may increase once the influence of this system is over,\" she said.Cloudy weather prevailed in the city throughout the day with a light drizzle occurring around noon and later in the evening on Wednesday. \"This is pre-monsoon rainfall activity,\" Devi said.The city received 3.2 mm rainfall till 5.30 pm on Wednesday. The IMD has predicted 51% to 75% probability of the pre-monsoon activity like rain or thundershowers during the next 24 hours. The Lohegaon observatory recorded 5 mm rain by 5.30 pm.After setting in over Kerala and progressing into parts of south Tamil Nadu and coastal Karnataka, up to Mangalore, on Tuesday, the monsoon advanced along the west coast on Wednesday to reach up to Harnai in Ratnagiri district. In the interiors, it reached up to Satara district, in neighbouring Pune.The IMD's all India weather bulletin stated, \"The monsoon covered the remaining parts of coastal Karnataka, entire Goa, some parts of south Konkan and south Madhya Maharashtra, which comprises of Kolhapur, Sangli and Satara districts apart from parts of Bay of Bengal and the northeastern states.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13876809", "title": "Tech courses\u2019 syllabus to be upgraded", "text": "MUMBAI: The syllabi of all the courses in the technology stream, including engineering, pharmacy, MCA and architecture, will be upgraded in this academic year.The syllabi were last changed in 2007. The new curriculum was passed by the Mumbai University's Academic Council on Wednesday. It was also agreed that the new credit-based grading system approved by the AICTE will be implemented from the first year of engineering in the coming academic year.The council also decided to cut down on the number of tests per semester for first- and second-year students in the arts, science and commerce streams. From this academic year, these students will have to appear for one test worth 20 marks in each of the terms. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13882899", "title": "City witnesses rare celestial phenomenon", "text": "VARANASI: The city witnessed the celestial phenomenon -Transit of Venus, a small black dot on the face of sun on Wednesday. People used eclipse glasses to see the transit of Venus.\"We did not do any experiment or study of the transit of Venus. Like other people, we also just watched the happening,\" said Dr Abhay Kumar Singh of the Atmospheric Research Laboratory, department of Physics, Banaras Hindu University (BHU). According to him, the transit of Venus occurs when Venus passes between the sun and earth. \"It was difficult for us to do any experiment because the size was very small,\" Singh told TOI adding that they were mainly working on the study of the processes occurring in the lower atmosphere, ionosphere and magnetosphere of the earth. According to him, the studies include space weather studies of upper atmosphere, study of Ionospheric irregularities using VHF and GPS scintillations, GPS based Total Electron Content (TEC) and Water Vapor content measurements and their variability, study of VLF Whistler-Mode waves and their generation and propagation mechanisms. The study also includes electrodynamics of the Atmosphere-Ionosphere-Magnetosphere, seismo-electromagnetics to study earthquake precursors, atmospheric studies involving aerosols, dust storms, winter fog, and their radiative and climate effects mainly in Indo-Gangetic basin.Another scientist of BHU, Prof BN Dwivedi of the department of Applied Physics, Institute of Technology, said, \"for astronomers, the transit was not just a rare planetary spectacle. It is also one of those events that would spark curiosity about the universe and our place in it.\"He added that transit of Venus was visible from anywhere in India. The greatest transit was seen around 7 in the morning when the black dot of the Venus was at the innermost point of the Sun's disc. It was visible in northern India from the sunrise to about 10:30 am. According to him, the next pair of Venus transit will occur on December 11, 2117 and December 8, 2125.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13876758", "title": "Mumbai University paper leak case cracked, no headway in Nagpur University case", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Mumbai University's paper leak case was cracked with the arrest of eight persons including MU officials, there are no such signs in Nagpur University's BCCA paper leak case, which was on much bigger scale. The lethargic administration led by vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal was bent on pushing the sensational issue under carpet, members of NU's statutory bodies alleged.Even dirty politics prevailing in NU was making matters worst as political groups were trying their best to save the culprits who may have been involved in the leak first exposed by TOI on April 22. In fact, the new panel to probe the leak formed under former NUTA secretary Eknath Kathale was dominated by the members belonging to Dhanwate National College (DNC) principal Baban Taywade's group that was forcing the administration to close the leak case, apparently under fear that the paper may have been leaked from the colleges belonging to persons of their group, the members claimed.NU administration's move to hush up the issue was evident from the fact that none of the members from Kathale panel picked up repeated calls from media on Wednesday.The panel was supposed to meet and discuss future course of action. But Kathale and his team members, including commerce dean Bharat Meghe and Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane refused to answer the calls. Even NU PRO Prashant Mohite told TOI that the he was not provided any details of Wednesday's meeting. He also refused to comment on the members' allegations.On Monday, Kathale tried to mislead the media by claiming that they had not started the probe as NU failed to issue them the letters, but his lie was caught when the NU PRO issued a press communique that not only the members had received letters, but they also conducted their first meeting. After this big communication gap was exposed by TOI on Tuesday, NU PRO issued a clarification that Kathale-led panel had indeed conducted the meeting.Sources said that during Wednesday's meeting, Kathale assigned separate tasks to each of the members where they had to study the data and record statistics. They added that since the data was voluminous, it would take them at least a week to submit a report. Kathale panel has a five-day deadline.Senior academician Nilima Deshmukh flayed the NU top officials of completely mishandling the paper leak case and unnecessarily creating troubles for students. \"They should have announced re-exam immediately after Khadakkar panel confirmed the leak. But they unnecessarily stretched the issue too far. Now also, they have got the time to rectify their mistakes,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13876822", "title": "Men posing as crime branch cops extort money from sex worker", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three men have been accused of posing as crime branch officials and extorting money from sex workers in the city. A complaint against the trio was registered at the women police station in Bhadra on Wednesday.A 36-year-old sex worker told officials at the police station that three persons had demanded Rs 1 lakh, of which she paid them Rs 20,000. The victim said that she had been operating as a prostitute for last 10 years because her husband suffers from mental ailment and cannot work.According to the complainant, on June 3, the accused - Naresh Parmar, Sumit Vaghela and Vinod - came to her home in Jashodanagar. The trio introduced themselves as cops and claimed that they were acting at the behest of crime branch's assistant police commissioner Mayur Chavda and belonged to the squad of police inspector Jitu Yadav.When they reached her house, a guest was at her home. She and her guest were threatened by the trio, who claimed that a television news crew is also standing downstairs. They demanded that the woman should pay them Rs 1 lakh if she wanted to avoid the embarrassment of media coverage and arrest. The woman hurriedly collected money from her friends and gave Rs 20,000 to the accused.On June 4, the trio returned and demanded more money. The commotion drew her neighbours' attention.The accused had to make a hasty exit in a car. The residents managed to note down the car's registration number.\"This number has been given to us by the complainant. With the help of the registration we have identified the accused. They are notorious blackmailers and complaints have been filed against them in the past too. They will be arrested soon,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "13880165", "title": "SSA employees to launch agitation from June 8", "text": "JORHAT: The Asom Sarba Siksha Employees' Welfare Association (Assewa) on Wednesday announced a series of protests against the government for non-fulfillment of their eight-point charter of demands that includes regularization of SSA employees' jobs and equal pay scale with state government employees.The organization will start its agitation in all district headquarters from June 8.Addressing the media here in Jorhat, Assewa president Raju Gohain said, \"Despite repeated demands to Asom Sarba Siksha Abhiyan Mission and the state government, our eight-point charter of demands, including regularization of SSA employee jobs, equal pay scale with the state government employees, cancellation of 11-month contractual agreement and execution of provident fund rules, have not been fulfilled. As a result, we have decided to take up a series of protests to put pressure on the government.''He added, \"On June 8, we will stage a sit-in in all district mission offices and state mission offices from 10 am to 3 pm. All members of our association will go on strike on June 12 and 13. We will take up a seven-hour hunger strike on June 15 in protest against the government's inaction.\"Assewa general secretary Nur Islam Poramanik said they have been placing their demands to the authorities concerned since long. \"Regarding our demands, the education minister and the mission authorities held discussions with us. They also assured us of addressing our demands soon, but failed to keep their promises,\" he added.He said, \"Mission authorities, during a discussion with us on June 1 last year, decided to fulfill our demands within four months. But one year has gone and the decision has not been executed.\" He added that the government doesn't take any step on the issue after completion of this series of agitations, they will take start another rigorous stir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13882691", "title": "Heat\u2019s off for some days, temp near-normal now", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The weatherman has predicted that the temperature during the coming week in June will be close to normal, much better than the scorching conditions in May. The light rainfall accompanied by cool winds and thunderstorm on Tuesday evening brought down the city temperature to normalcy after two months of weather fluctuations.June's normal temperature is nearly 39 degrees celsius however till June 5 it had been hovering above 40 degrees. After 0.2mm rainfall on Tuesday the maximum temperature on Wednesday was recorded at 38.6 degrees. According to the weather department, the temperature is further going to remain close to normal as western disturbances will keep bringing rain in and around the city time and again.\"The temperature would now remain close to 39 degrees and there would be more light rain and thunderstorms in the coming days, keeping the temperature under control,\" said Surinder Pal, director, Chandigarh met department.In the month of April, the temperature went up by nearly 4 degrees above normal in the first ten days and later it dropped below normal by 5 degrees. The met department termed the April weather conditions as abnormal as during that month the temperature shot up when it was supposed to be low and dipped when it should have risen.Similarly in the beginning of May the temperature was below normal by nearly 5 degrees at 32.6 degrees celsius. The temperature fluctuated visibly in mid May. After reaching 41 degrees celsius it again came down to 33 degrees on May 17 from where it again started rising abnormally. Towards the end of May the temperature soared, making people sweat it out even in the shade with the temperature rising above 40 degrees celsius when it should have been near 39 degrees.The met department predicted that the sky would remain partly cloudy with possibility of rain, thunder and dust storms in the next 24 hours. The maximum temperature on Thursday would be around 39 degrees celsius where as the minimum temperature would be around 26 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13881391", "title": "Lawyers to renew licence every 5 years", "text": "PUNE: The Bar Council of India has passed a resolution making it mandatory for lawyers to renew their sanads (licence to practise) every five years.The decision, taken on June 1, is to ensure that lawyers don't get engaged in private services, said Manan Kumar Mishra, BCI chairman, at a press conference here on Wednesday.As per the resolution, lawyers will have to pay Rs 600 as renewal fees within six months, otherwise they will not be entitled to practise in the country.According to Mishra, a large number of lawyers do private services, businesses, etc after obtaining sanads from the respective state bar councils. This should stop as the councils were facing difficulty in implementing welfare schemes for practicing lawyers.The BCI is the apex registering and licensing authority in the country. It governs the working of all subsidiary state-level bar councils and is a statutory body constituted under the Advocates Act, 1961.Vitthal Konde-Deshmukh, chairman of the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa, said he would inform all the district bar associations in Maharashtra and Goa, which have 1.27 lakh lawyers, about renewal of the sanads after receiving a copy of the BCI resolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13880350", "title": "Lucknow, Varanasi airports to get facelift", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow and Varanasi airports will be upgraded to the international status. This was announced by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday evening at a meeting to fix targets for infrastructure. After reviewing the projects, Singh said that his focus is on re-energising the economy and this year will see a series of new projects being commissioned, including international airports for Lucknow, Varanasi, Coimbatore, Trichy and Gaya.He said that by the end of July 2012, private-public partnerships will be finalised for 10-12 existing airports. Other infrastructure targets which can benefit UP include enhancement of power generation, road construction among other things.The announcement about possibilities of airports in Lucknow and Varanasi getting an international status was made by the civil aviation minister Ajit Singh earlier this month when he came to the city to inaugurate the new terminal building at the airport. The Lucknow and Varanasi airports already handle international flights to Middle East Asia, West Asia and Nepal. The two airports could become a gateway or exit point to Buddhist circuit, in what could attract operators from South East and South Asia. There have been indications from operators showing interest in operating flights from Lucknow to Bangkok and Colombo.UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, in his meeting with the prime minister in April, had requested to consider elevation of airports in Varanasi and Lucknow. He, in fact, also demanded upgrading of airport in Kanpur. The SP government also proposed an international airport in Agra. It has, however, scrapped the proposal of the previous government of constructing a new international airport in Jewar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13883459", "title": "Court reserves judgment in Jhakar case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the case of issuance of showcause notice for the contempt to court to Patiala jail superintendent L S Jhakhar, a local court on Wednesday reserved the judgment and posted the case for orders on Thursday.The court issued this showcause notice to Jhakhar, on March 27, for returning death warrants of a Babbar Khalsa International (BKI) terrorist Balwant Singh Rajoana, to a Chandigarh court.While issuing the notice, the judge had come down heavily on Jhakhar and said that returning of death warrants was an intend to interfere with the due course of judicial proceedings and to obstruct the administration of justice.However, while arguing in the court on Wednesday, Anupinder Singh Grewal, counsel for Jhakhar, said, \"According to Section 772 of the jail manual, the superintendent is empowered to return the original warrant for execution of sentence of death in case of delay in its execution.\"\"He was in fact assisting the court in administration of justice by following the directions of the Supreme Court. His action cannot in any manner be constituted as amounting to contempt of court,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13897807", "title": "Meethi on the hunt for Ichcha in Uttaran!", "text": "It's time for revenge on Colors TV's Uttaran as nani aka (Pratima Kazi) is set to reveal Ichcha's identity to Meethi.In the upcoming episodes, Meethi (Tina Dutta) will be in for a shock when nani tells her that her mother Ichcha (Tina Dutta) is alive. Nani , who has always held a grudge against Damini (Vaishali Thakkar) and her chuhiya , will use this opportunity to vent out her anger and take revenge. She first brainwashed Tapasya against Ichcha and now she will turn Mukta against Meethi.Meethi who is disheartened to find out that Aman (Gaurav S Bajaj) likes Mukta (Sreejita De) and not her, will take a step back and focus her energies in finding her mother. Meethi's life will turn upside down when she comes face to face with Ichcha. There will be tense moments and a lot of clashes between the mother and daughter as Meethi will feel hurt and abandoned.Nani is successful in her scheme as this is her way of getting back to Ichcha and also ensuring that Mukta stays away from Meethi. When contacted, both Pratima Kazi and Tina Dutta remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13877413", "title": "Suicide, not honour killing, says family", "text": "BANGALORE: The mystery over the alleged honour killing of a IV semester student of Seshadripuram Law College here deepened: the girl's family members who had all along claimed it was a case of natural death, did a volte-face on Wednesday and claimed it was suicide.The turnaround comes a day after the Karnataka high court took up a suo motu PIL on the death, and ordered notices to the state government and police.Bhramarambika died in her village, Baada Maraluru in Gowribidanur taluk in Chikkaballapur district, on May 20. Her classmates, who rushed to the village only to find that her body had been buried, were given different versions about the incident. They wrote to Justice DV Shylendra Kumar, suspecting that Bhramarambika's death could be a case of honour killing.The letter was referred to a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen, which on Tuesday directed issue of notices.How she diedBhramarambika's father, retired teacher M Narasimhaiah, has now claimed that she committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling of her room around 8.30pm on May 20. He admitted that the family made a mistake by not calling in police.\"I was on a pilgrimage to Srisailam when the incident happened. Bhramarambika had chronic complaints of continuous sweating and we'd got her treated for the same. We were planning to take her to an Ayurvedic doctor for the ailment after returning from the pilgrimage, when the tragedy occurred,\" he said.Her sister Roopa said she and her brother were with Bhramarambika that fateful night before she went into her room and shut herself. Roopa said her brother had quarrelled with Bhramarambika because she was talking on her mobile for a long time. Immediately afterwards, Bhramarambika went into her room, saying she wanted to study.Roopa later called Bhramarambika for dinner but she did not respond, neither did she open the door when they knocked. Roopa called her neighbours for help. When they broke open the door, they found her hanging from the ceiling by her dupatta.Villagers, however, claimed there was no sign of Bhramarambika's room door being forced open.Narasimhaiah admitted that despite several requests, Bhramarambika had declined to get married. \"She always said she wanted to study and did not wish to get married,\" he said.\"There is no tradition of approaching police in case of unnatural deaths in our village. I met some of her college mates who had come to our village after hearing about the death. By complaining that our daughter's suicide is an honour killing, these students have brought ignominy to our family. What else can I say?\" he asked.Cops collect family statementsChikkaballapur SP TD Pawar claimed he had not yet receive the notice by the Karnataka high court in the Bhramarambika case. He said he had already conducted a preliminary inquiry and taken statements from the household members, and promised to probe the incident once he got a copy of the high court notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13877168", "title": "Gujarat government to recruit 50,000 employees on fixed pay", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat government on Wednesday asked all state departments to \"immediately start recruiting\" about 50,000 employees on fixed pay. A government order, handed over to the top state babudom in Sachivalaya at the secretaries' meeting, said that all government departments should start the recruitment process of class III employees for vacant posts without delay, \"disregarding the powers for recruitment currently vested in Gujarat Public Service Commission, Gujarat Secondary Service Selection Board and Gujarat Panchayat Service Selection Board.\"The recruitment process, which began last year, came to a grinding halt after the Gujarat high court ruling in April, 2012, asking the government to pay wages as per the Sixth Pay Commission recommendations to all fixed pay employees. Total pay included basic pay, dearness allowance and other allowances, and the number of fixed-pay employees -- all in the class III category -- was 1.5 lakh.\"It would have meant an extra financial burden of about Rs 8,000 crore,\" said a senior official adding, \"This prompted the government to stop all new recruitments in the category.\"However, on May 10, 2012, the Supreme Court granted an \"interim relief\" to the government, staying the HC order. \"In view of the apex court order, the state government has now decided to start the recruitment process of new employees on fixed pay,\" the order said.Majority of those who to be recruited will be by the education department - shiksha sahayaks for higher secondary classes at a fixed pay of Rs 10,000 per month, shikshan sahayaks for secondary level classes for Rs 9,400, vidya sahayaks for primary schools for Rs 5,300, and saathi sahayaks (helpers) for Rs 4,500. Others to be recruited include foresters (vanpals) and constables (raksha sahayaks) for a fixed pay of Rs 4,500 or Rs 5,300. The government will also be recruiting 500 class III junior engineers for roads &amp; buildings department for a fixed pay of Rs 16,500.\"We expect the recruitment process for 50,000 fixed pay employeesto end in less than six months,\" a top official said, suggesting its importance ahead of the state assembly polls in December. So that there is no hitch, the government has appointed a high-level committee headed by the chief secretary, with additional chief secretaries of general administration and finance departments as its members, to set aside any hurdle that comes in the way. Fixed pay saw a 25 per cent upward revision in April 2010, but the employees' associations approached the HC to demand regular salary instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13879940", "title": "Brain dead man in Trichy gives new lease of life to five people", "text": "Trichy: A 37-year-old man, who was declared brain dead following a fatal accident, gave a new lease of life to five different people who received his vital organs including valves of the heart.Ruban Xavier (37), accidentally hit an electric post near his residence at Ponmalaipatti, Trichy around 11.45am on Tuesday, and suffered severe head injuries. Xavier was rushed to the Annal Gandhi Government Hospital in the city and then immediately was shifted to a private hospital for advanced treatment and to explore the possibility of a surgery to save his life.A CT scan done on him revealed his bleeding brain. A surgical remedy was sought to save his life, but in vain. Around 3.30pm on Wednesday, Xavier was officially declared brain dead. Since only two private hospitals are authorised centres in the city for organ transplantation, Xavier was referred to the Kauvery Hospital in Tennur, as it was in close proximity.Xavier's wife, Rani, who was in a state of shock, instantly agreed to harvest her spouse's organs - two kidneys, three heart valves, a liver and a pair of eyes - so that \"his soul would rest in peace.\" Rani, who was married to Xavier for five years had no issues, said that she was happy to know that her husband became a saviour of five ailing persons even while passing away.The heart valves and the liver were immediately dispatched to the Global Hospital at Chennai soon after it was harvested from Xavier around 3.30 am on Wednesday. The pair of eyes was taken to Joseph's Eye Hospital in Trichy. One of the kidneys was received by doctors who had come from Tirunelveli Galaxy Hospital and the other kidney was instantly planted on a man at Kauvery Hospital itself as per the government waitlist order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13882159", "title": "CCTV cameras to monitor floods", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has decided to install close circuit television (CCTV) cameras to keep a vigil on areas prone to floods, especially in places where the capacity of drains to carry water is low.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi, who conducted a surprise inspection to check cleaning work of nullahs, said he found that underground drains have a low capacity to carry water in some places. \"One such location is the underground drain behind the Bhakti Shakti chowk in Nigdi which was constructed 15 years ago. It causes floods in nearby areas,\" he said.\"The PCMC will install CCTV cameras at such locations across the township and keep an eye on the situation from a central monitoring station. However, these are temporary steps. We will have to undertake permanent measures after the rainy season to reduce the chances of floods in the next monsoon,\" he said.Pardeshi, who inspected the nullah cleaning works in zone A of Nigdi-Pradhikaran, said that almost 80% of the nullahs have been cleaned. He said, \"I want the civic body to be ready to face any situation arising after heavy rains. The monsoon preparedness and nullah cleaning works of the other three zones will be inspected over the next three days.\" Incidentally, the civic administration had set June 5 as the deadline to clean all nullahs in the township.He said that some bridges over nullahs in zone A are at a low height which can cause floods. The civic body will have to be wary and prevent floods at these locations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13879329", "title": "CID makes six sketches of suspects in Godapani case", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state CID, which is investigating the murder of agriculture department engineer Godapani Pathak, has prepared six sketches of suspected killers. The CID made the sketches with the help of inputs gathered during the investigation. The sketches will be made public shortly by the state police.Pathak's bullet-ridden body was found in Bongaigaon on May 3. He was abducted along with his companion, Faizul Islam, also an agriculture department engineer, who was rescued after 25 days from Salkocha in Dhubri district. CID officials interrogated Faizul for two days after his rescue.\"Faizul was there when both of them were kidnapped. The driver was also interrogated. Moreover, we got plenty of information after the state police announced a Rs one lakh award for informers in the case. We have prepared six sketches of suspected killers based on the information collected. Soon, the state police will release them,\" said a senior CID official.The Assam police headquarters, however, denied receiving any such sketches from the CID. They might submit the sketches tomorrow, said a police official.Meanwhile, the CID raided the houses of one Rekib Ahmed, an agriculture department engineer of Goalpara district, in relation to the case. Ahmed's two houses, one each in Goalpara and Guwahati, were raided by CID sleuths. \"We have raided Rekib Ahmed's houses in Goalpara and here. He came to our notice during the investigation,\" added a CID sleuth. However, the CID did not reveal anything about the findings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "13883925", "title": "\u2018Organic pesticide to help treat dengue\u2019", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: A Malaysian prince is promoting an \"upstream\" technology that can put an end to the dengue menace affecting thousands of people in many countries, including India.Tunku Naquiyuddin Ja'afar, son of the late 10th King of Malaysia, was recently in the Philippines to present his new organic pesticide called 'QuitiKill' that kills mosquito larvae, thus preventing the spread of dengue. \"Bill Gates has donated billions of dollars to create a vaccine for malaria. But that is a downstream solution. Our technology is upstream. We want to address the problem of mosquitoes at the larvae stage,\" he was quoted by local Philippine media as saying. The website of his company EntoGenex Bio Technology (which he co-founded) says that it solely focuses on mosquito control and is pioneering the integrated mosquito management to combat mosquito transmitted diseases in Malaysia and across the world.QuitiKill is reportedly nontoxic and will not harm people, animals or even fish. It uses ricehusk as carrier and floating device for formulation. Mosquito larvae are killed in less than one hour from the moment of application, the company says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13877242", "title": "17-year-old girl commits suicide at Mahipatram Ashram", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 17-year-old girl, Aruna, committed suicide by hanging herself on Wednesday at Mahipatram Ashram, an orphanage at Raipur. Police said that the ashram authorities came to know about the incident when an employee, Vishal Patel, found that the door of common bathroom was locked from inside.Patel called police and the door was broken. The girl had used her dupatta to hang herself from a metal hook in the rooms ceiling.Police said that the girl had come to the ashram at the age of five. She used to live at there and had also studied at the school in the ashram campus. Police searched her room, but no suicide note was found.An FIR of accidental death has been registered with the Kagdapith police station and investigation into the incident is underway. However, cops as well as the ashram authorities refused to divulge much about the incident. The girl's body was sent for postmortem and then kept at the morgue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13877470", "title": "Eshwarappa's remark draws ire", "text": "BANGALORE: \"The BJP did a mistake in taking up Operation Lotus based on caste, money and muscle power and lost control of the political process. These outsiders are now creating trouble for the ruling party through all sorts of blackmail.\"Surprisingly, these statements are by BJP state president KS Eshwarappa, and predictably kicked off a storm with former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's supporters taking exception. Eshwarappa said this on Wednesday in Bellary during campaigning for the June 11 MLC elections. \"We have learnt enough lessons from experience,\" he addedFaced with a reduction in BJP's strength in the assembly following the rebellion by its Bellary politicians, Eshwarappa said the party was forced to take up Operation Lotus. \"It's true that we lured legislators of opposition parties based on caste and money. We're now facing bitter times because of it,' he said indirectly targeting ministers loyal to Yeddyurappa.\"Eshwarappa's statement was uncalled for when the party is in such a big mess,'' said Harihar MLA B P Harish. Agriculture minister Umesh Katti and housing minister V Somanna, who joined the saffron party after it came to power, took serious objection to the statement, saying he was an irresponsible leader who lacked consistency. \"We joined BJP with the aim of providing a stable government, that too at the request of Yeddyurappa and not because of money or other allurements,'' Katti added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13879277", "title": "Manipur fast losing its green cover", "text": "IMPHAL: At a time when Manipur government and hordes of NGOs are gearing up for a massive tree plantation drive, 190 square km of forest area in the hills of the state has been destructed in the last three years, said a senior forest official.On the occasion of \" World Environment Day\" in Imphal, DFO (Parks and Sanctuary) of Manipur forest department L Joykumar Singh said a survey report found that 190 square km of forest area was lost between 2009 and 2011. Of this, Senapati's chunk is the biggest with 120 square km, said Joykumar, during a discussion on climate change-cum-release of a documentary film titled \"An Unattended Guest\" here on Tuesday.Stating that large-scale felling of trees is one of the key factors in triggering global warming and ecological imbalance, the senior forest officer emphasized the need to spread awareness in the hill districts on the catastrophic results inflicted on flora and fauna.Environmentalist R K Ranjan Singh lamented that the trend of felling trees in the hills by using the hill people as labourers is on the rise. He said a collective effort from all quarters is the need of the hour to conserve forests and wildlife.Congress MLA M K Preshaw Shimray, who was elected from Chingai, said the hill people should take a bold decision to help the government's efforts to save the forest and environment. During the programme, a 21-minute documentary film christened \"An Unattended Guest\", directed by young environmentalist Laishram Shamungou, was screened. The film portrayed a steep fall in the number of two migratory bird species - Grey Sided Thrush and Eye Browed Thrush - in Shiroy hills in Ukhurl district owing to massive felling of \"michelia doltsopa\" trees, locally known as Leihao Leishang, which is their natural habitat.While the grey sided thrush comes from China, eye browed thrush's breeding home is Siberia, said Shamungou. He added that the two species had visited Shiroy in large numbers earlier.Shamungou had earlier made a film titled \"The Untold Story\" that depicts the chain of felling pinewood trees by villagers of Chamu in Ukhrul, which is a part and parcel of their livelihood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13880739", "title": "223 quintals of foodgrain seized in raid", "text": "NASHIK: Acting on a tip-off, sub-divisional officer (SDO) Sarita Narke raided a premise late on Tuesday evening to seize 223 quintals of food grains stocked illegally in an open space behind a poultry farm in Manegaon village, Sinnar.The district administration seized 88.5 quintals of rice and 34.5 quintals of wheat that were stored on the ground, and 100 quintals of wheat from a truck which was being unloaded, Narke said.\"There was no reason for a truck to unload grains behind a poultry farm and reload them after changing the gunny bags. The motive, source and the destination of the foodgrains is yet to be established, especially when the land owner had no licence for storing foodgrains. The truck was apparently headed towards Kolhapur. The whole picture would be clear only after police carry out investigations in the case,\" the SDO said.Sinnar tehsildar Sunil Saundane said thata case was being registered against the accused Gaffar Ismail Nisrikar and Jakir Ismail Nisrikar and the property owner Dashrath Padawal. The truck has also been seized.Mahesh Patil, district supply officer, said that the case was being handed over to the police to trace the source and destination for the transport of the seized grains and the gunny bags which had the mark of Food Corporation of India (FCI). \"Though it does not necessarily mean that the food grains were meant for public distribution at the same time it cannot be ruled out that food grain was being smuggled into the open market,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kochar market", "code": "13883332", "title": "Paddler Vikram Aditya aims to be world-class player", "text": "KOCHAR MARKET: At an age where a kid's life revolves around video games and friends, Vikram Aditya knew his true calling.Currently, Punjab state champion in table tennis (men's category), this paddler knows exactly where he's headed \u2014 to become a world-class table tennis player.Busy practising for the state championship scheduled later this year, Vikram hopes to secure a place in the state team for national championship. He said, \"I have been a state champion thrice in a row and have also bagged the overall player trophy four times. Besides these, I've also clinched a silver medal in National Table Tennis Championship in 2001.\"Vikram discovered his love for the game at the age of 12. \"Table tennis has always fascinated me. I started playing at the age of 12 while I was pursuing my studies in Amritsar. Initially, I played under coach Madan Lal Sharmato to groom my game and later started practicing at table tennis hall in Guru Nanak Dev Stadium under coach Suresh Sharma.\"Working as insurance inspector in ESI department, Vikram, 31, said, \"In 2007, I became the state table tennis champion and since 2009, I have clinched the championship thrice in a row. I used to play for the department's table tennis team and hold second position in national ranking of the department.\"And success did not come easy for this paddler. He said, \"I spend six hours everyday practising my game in the stadium. I also take special care of my fitness and diet to remain in form.\"A big fan of Indian table tennis player, Achanta Sharath Kamal from India and international player from China, Ma Long, Vikram said, \"I admire the game of Achanta and Ma Long, and try to take tips from their playing style.\"Talking about the scope of the game in city, Vikram added, \"The city has vast potential but the players are deprived of good infrastructure. Authorities should come forward to promote and improve the game.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13880647", "title": "Bulbul Godiyal : UP's first woman additional A-G", "text": "LUCKNOW: At a time when early marriage meant end of studies and dream of a career, the young bride of a doctor in Rohtak joined college. Over the next one decade, Bulbul Godiyal passed masters in English Literature and managed to complete her LLB.During the same period, she mothered three daughters and brought them up as efficiently as her mother. Now, she is UP's first woman additional advocate general.In 1991, she got herself enrolled as a lawyer with the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court and practiced with her father Robin Mitra, a senior advocate. Surviving successfully for 21 years in a professions which is a known male bastion, Bulbul has set an example for all the girls who aim to crack CLAT ( Common law admission test) and take a career in law.\"The offer came to me as a challenge and I decided to take it up,\" she said.Drawing inspiration from her father, Bulbul said that life was all about challenges. \"I want to prove that doubting the potential of women in any career is pointless,\" she says. Standing at the milestone of her life, Bulbul thanked her family. \"I have a very strong support system. Right from my parents to my husband and daughters, everyone has encouraged me to take the next step,\" said the officer.Spelling the priorities for the new assignment, she said, \"I believe that or judicial system needs revamping. There is an urgent need to check pendency to deliver justice on time. Delay is denial of rights.\" Ready to fly off to meet her daughter settled abroad, Bulbul is also looking forward to some of the important cases lined up her sleeves. \"Once the vacations are over, I have work at hand. Some important policy related cases are to be taken up,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877626", "title": "Paper leak: CS test on June 16", "text": "MUMBAI: The Institute of Company Secretaries of India will hold the examination for the Elements of Business Law and Management paper at 9am on June 16. Tuesday's foundation course exam for company secretariat was cancelled after the paper leaked a day before in Faridabad. Close to 40,000 students registered for this exam across India.The paper was the last of four papers that students had to take for the exam, which started on June 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13866450", "title": "Prime time\u2019s new name game", "text": "How does that extra 'a' or 'n' as a suffix add to a show title? Lots. While Tellywood has seen showmakers embracing many stratagems to grab more eyeballs for their respective shows, creative brainstorming \u2014 so far as show's nomenclature goes, the television industry is leaving no stone unturned to think about all possible measures. One way is to think what the numbers add up to. The end result \u2014 show titles where numerology rules.While numerology has become quintessential for people in all walks of life, showbiz is resorting to naming shows with the help of numerology. The way show names are getting different and interesting spellings makes the 'name game' all the more interesting. But the million rupee question remains as to what extent does a show benefit from this. For that matter, does it really help in making the show a success? Does it help in creating positive vibes on the sets?Sample this. Shows like Yahaaan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli, Byaah Humari Bahoo Ka, Ek Doosre Se Karte Hain Pyaar Hum, Parvarrish \u2014 Kuchh Khatti Kuchh Meethi, Kya Huaa Tera Vaada, Bade Achhe Laggte Hai, Saas Bina Sasuraal, Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon?, Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya, Hamari Saass Leela, Balika Vadhu \u2014 Kacchi Umar Ke Pakke Rishte, Parichay \u2014 Nayee Zindagi Kay Sapno Ka, Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah et al are among shows to have embraced numerology in show titles.Producer Asit Kumar Modi of Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah and Hamari Saass Leela says, \"Numerology is science and if applied properly, it can be beneficial. I believe in it, but don't follow it blindly. It has definitely brought in positive atmosphere on the sets among the entire cast/crew. When the technical team and actors are happy, it reflects in the results, which are always good.\"Producer Pearl Grey of Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya says, \"I believe in numerology. But I don't consider it when it comes to my show titles. There was a time when all my shows started with 'C', but it has changed.\"Do titles based on numerology really help grabbing more TRPs? \"Shows are not successful because of numerology, but because of the content, says Asit adding, \"Good content that the audience relates to, always works well,\" says Asit.Creative director, Chloe Ferns of Kya Huaa Tera Vaada says, \"We check if the title will work for us or not. We don't have a fixation with any alphabet. 'K' was there, but now that has vanished from our production house. Everyone checks the title of the shows with the astrologers and so do we, but we don't add alphabets because of numerology.\"Sometimes, popular belief acts as a catalyst in the creative thought process. As producer Deeya Singh of Parvarrish \u2014 Kuchh Khatti Kuchh Meethi says, \"I don't believe in numerology at all. However, sometimes there are people around me who believe in it and their viewpoint is respected as we choose to apply the same it in titles.\"Producer Aatish Kapadia of Byaah Humari Bahoo Ka and Ek Doosre Se Karte Hain Pyaar Hum says, \"Titles should be phonetically right and suitable to the content.\"Titles, according to Deeya got to be apt. \"Titles have to be apt as they help to market the show. They need to signify what the story is all about in a gist,\" says Deeya. Agrees Chloe, who says, \"We write the story first and then pick the best title. It is vital for the title to have a summary of the show concept.\"At the same time, Pearl says, \"Titles aren't important. A show is successful because of its content. Once the show reaches at the peak, no one thinks about the title. If the show clicks with the audience, nothing else matters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13883157", "title": "Dust storm snaps power supply in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: The dust storm on Tuesday \u2014 the first announcement of approaching monsoon \u2014 threw the city out of gear as the 220 kV Lalton feeder tripped, leaving many areas without electricity for more than six hours. Some areas remained plunged in the dark throughout Tuesday night.Residents said the situation has exposed that the power department is not prepared for the monsoon to ensure that heavy rain and storm don't disrupt lives.''It was a terrible day as inverter drained out and there was no water supply either in such heat. Around 11pm the power supply was restored but only for a while and then we were left without electricity till morning,'' said Trilochan Singh, a businessman from Gurdev Nagar.Relating their tales of inconvenience, BRS Nagar-based businessman Jatinder Singh, without power their water tanks also dry as they were unable to pump water. ''After the storm settled, the night was really hot and we could not sleep a wink,'' he added.Ritu Hans, a homemaker from Rajguru Nagar said there was no power till late Tuesday night. ''We suffered the after effects on Wednesday too as everyone in the family was restless and sleepy. It is very difficult to sleep without an air-conditioner these days so there's no question of handling a night without even a fan. Even though the wind storm might have affected power supply, the authorities should have made apt arrangements to deal with it. Monsoon is fast approaching and we fear worse situation then,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13878120", "title": "Anomalies in projects costs Delhi govt Rs 11 crore extra: CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anomalies in working out project costs and irregular award of work for a road improvement project on the Outer Ring Road resulted in an over expenditure of Rs 11 crore by the Delhi government, a CAG report said today.The audit of the Public Works Department found that the 'Corridor Improvement for Outer Ring Road from IIT Gate to NH 8 intersection' that was awarded to Afcons in 2007 was over budgeted by at least Rs 17 crore.The tender was approved at a cost of Rs 234 crore against an estimated cost of Rs 164.83 crore, and given a variation of up to 10 per cent on estimated cost is allowed in case of an emergency, the tender should not have been accepted beyond a Rs 217.77 crore estimate. But, it was done at Rs 234 crore.Till January 2012, Rs 167.10 crore has been paid, which resulted in excess expenditure of Rs 11.59 crore.The report cited the CPWD Works Manual, 2003 that stipulates that a variation of not more than 10 per cent be accepted in tender rates and estimated reasonable costs considering the market condition and other factors.However, while awarding the contract, the PWD based its estimation on faulty calculation and arrived at a justified cost much above the 10 per cent variation allowed.\"Thus, the preparation of incorrect justification statement resulted in justified amount being exaggerated by Rs 25.89 crore and due to such incorrect calculation, the tendered amount was worked out to be within five per cent of justified amount, which was actually 18 per cent above the correct justified amount,\" it said.The report also found an extra expenditure of Rs 2.21 crore was incurred in a project for 'construction of general pool office building, near Metcalf House' that was awarded to a contractor in 2004.It said \"illegal\" rescission of a contract by the PWD resulted in extra expenditure of Rs 2.21 crore as the balance work was executed at higher rates under the new contract.It also highlighted an extra expenditure of Rs 1.06 crore due to fixation of unreasonable rates for advertisement on bus queue shelters, and an \"infructuous expenditure\" of Rs 1.76 crore in the absence of proper planning with assessment of actual requirement and lack of coordination among different divisions of PWD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13876319", "title": "Biker rams into BEST bus, critical", "text": "MUMBAI: A biker was gravely injured when he ran his motorcycle into a BEST bus in Mahim on Tuesday evening. The injured, Arjun Naidu (23), was rushed to Hinduja hospital. He was shifted to Sion hospital where his condition was declared critical.BEST spokesperson N A Walawalkar said that the bus driver was not at fault as the biker hit the bus from behind. \"The biker lost control and rammed into our bus. A case of accident has been registered with the local police,\" he added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13879633", "title": "CAG smells ghost staff in MCD ranks", "text": "New Delhi: The ghost employee scam in the erstwhile MCD refuses to go away. A manpower audit in the CAG report for the year ended March 2011, related to the NCT of Delhi, has pointed out a \"high possibility of existence of fake safai karamcharis\" in the corporation. In the report that was tabled in Delhi assembly on Wednesday, the CAG has observed that there has been a 1055% increase in the number of temporary employees at the department of environment and management services (DEMS) - from 1431 in 2006-07 to 16,525 in 2007-08. Several discrepancies have been found in the maintenance of records and payment of salary which points to a large number of fake employees who are now distributed across the three new corporations.Interestingly, MCD did not make any direct recruitment of Group D employees in the past 20 years. The auditor said this resulted in adoption of a non-transparent system of engagement and regularisation of temporary employees. In its reply to the auditor, the MCD attributed the steep increase to an increase in the sanitation area under MCD. \"The steep increase is not justified as DEMS neither identified the sanitation area within its jurisdiction, nor assessed its staff requirement. Moreover, DEMS doesn't have a reliable centralized database of basic information,\" said the report.The CAG scrutinized the records of three departments - DEMS, horticulture and engineering\u2014in 43 wards over a month. It detected excess payment of Rs 7.82 lakh to substitute workers. \"It was seen that 206 employees were unaccounted for i.e. in 188 cases, their names were included in the pay bills but not in the attendance register and in 19 cases both the substitute as well as the regular employee against whom the substitute was engaged were shown as present.\"CAG also carried out a postal survey of 5000 temporary MCD employees. Only \"914 employees replied and 463 letters were returned by the postal department due to incorrect/incomplete address\". The CAG carried out physical verification of 1000 temporary employees from these departments during March and April 2011. In 147 cases, the addresses were not found or employees were not residing at the addresses provided by them.Though the MCD had implemented the biometric system of attendance in 2008 to ensure accountability, it was found that in west zone DEMS had allotted more than one biometric ID to 17 safai karamcharis. It was also detected that in 13 cases, the date of birth, which is critical in government service as it determines the tenure, was wrongly entered in service books, \"resulting in increased age of retirement of employees in a range of 4 months to 11 years\".The auditor also found fault with the absence of direct recruitment of Group A, B and C employees. \"This has led to the adoption of unhealthy practices like ad hoc appointment beyond one year and assigning 'Look After Charge' or 'Current Duty Charge' to ineligible employees in contravention of existing rules. \"Such adhocism does not augur well for the organisation and leads to cost escalation and poor manpower management. Irregularities in appointment of deputy commissioners is indicative of violation of rules,\" the report said.The CAG has recommended that the municipal bodies should prepare a human resources manual and integrate human resources functions relating to all departments under a director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13876065", "title": "Cops clueless about suspected poachers gang in Tadoba", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest department has failed to trace a suspected poachers' gang that is reported to have intruded into Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) three days ago. Forest officials have sought the help of police department to investigate the intrusion of a gang inside the tiger reserve. A formal complaint has been filed with Chimur police station asking the cops to look into the matter.A gang of 8-10 people clad in black dresses had intruded from Wamangaon side of TATR into the tiger reserve on Sunday night. The gang was seen by three forest labourers deployed at Wamangaon protection hut in reserve territory. The gang had fled deeper into the reserve jungle. Since then, patrolling, both by vehicles and on foot, has been intensified. However, TATR staffers have failed to trace the gang inside the tiger reserve. Even forest officers are clueless whether they are still inside the reserve or left the jungle.\"We have searched the entire territory, but have found no trace of the gang. It is likely that it was gang of thieves which had sought shelter into the jungle. The possibility of them being poachers appears weak but we have not ruled it out,\" said an official. He said that they have filed a complaint with Chimur police station and sought help of police to investigate into the matter.Chimur PSO Panjabrao Madavi said a complaint about intrusion of the gang was received, but held that no offence had been registered into the matter so far. \"We have received the complaint, which has been kept under investigation. We have mobilized our informers and are also checking whether there is anybody, other than protection hut labourers, who had seen the gang,\" he said.Madavi also pointed out flaws in the forest department's theory of intruders being gang of thieves or robbers. \"Thieves are shrewd and usually their hideout is secluded. Such people could have never walked to the protection hut where they were seen by labourers. Moreover, what is point in hiding in the jungle where there is serious threat of being attacked by tigers, sloth bears and other predator?\" he said. He held that possibility of gang belonging to poachers is high, still cops are investigating to find any clue about their whereabouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13875987", "title": "Curiosity and fun marks Venus' transit in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: One can not expect children (and even parents) to be up early during holidays. However, many of the city's children and parents were up at the crack of dawn on Wednesday so they could witness an event that they won't see again in their lifetime.Children, youngsters and grown-ups were all huddled close to the 'viewing stations' at the Raman Science Centre making it seem like a carnival as they watched the transit of Venus. The merriment and enthusiasm all through the morning was surely contagious and the continuous commentary by the scientists attached with the institute further fueled the fervour. While the cloud cover in early part of the transit made the viewing difficult, clouds gave way to clear skies towards the end of the event. Some other space enthusiasts from the city who had arranged private viewings of the event were also happy by the huge interest about this celestial occurrence among children.The little ones formed the biggest part of the crowd with proud parents towing alongside them. \"The best part of exposing children to such events is, it develops a sense of enquiry among them while letting them have fun,\" said Rajiv Sakalkale, who was accompanying his daughter. There were some like Jayshree Raut who were out the entire time of the transit. \"It feels proud to be seeing something that not many are fortunate to see. Shukra ka shukriya ki hame ye mauka mila,\" she enthused.Collegians also made a big part of the sky gazers. Engineering student Pranoti Panchbhai, who spent more than an hour looking at the projections of the event, asked all kinds of questions to the scientists about various celestial phenomena and even about the right equipment she could buy. \"It feels great to be watching something so many scientists could not, especially so because people in many other cities could not watch it because of the clouds,\" she said. Gaurav Gaikwad, who is doing his physics honours, took the opportunity to make friends with like-minded science enthusiasts.Shrikant Pathak, RSC project coordinator, was happy to see the increasing scientific attitude of the people, especially children. Retired Air Marshal Ulhas Deshpande, who gathered a small group in his house for the viewing, concurred. \"The children had many questions and the slow pace of the event made it possible for us to discuss the whole phenomenon as well other occurrences like eclipses,\" he said.His views were echoed by Vasudeo Mohadikar, a science teacher at Dharampeth Girls School, who organized a private viewing at three places in the city. \"I went as far as using a model of the galaxy to make the ideas of the children as clear as possible. Most of them did not know about such events a week or so before but now will cherish the memory of having witnessed it throughout their lives,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13876335", "title": "Suspended SI found dead", "text": "HYDERABAD: A suspended sub-inspector (SI) from Cyberabad commissionerate was found dead under mysterious circumstances at a retired ASI's house on Wednesday.The victim has been identified as N Lakshminarayana, 55, of Gautam Nagar in Balanagar.ACB sleuths had, in 2006, caught Lakshminarayana red-handed while he was taking a bribe of Rs 6,000. He had been posted as an SI with the Kukatpally police station at the time.Since then, Lakshminarayana had been under suspension and was subsequently convicted by the ACB court. He had challenged the order in the high court, Miyapur SI K Seetaramaiah, said.Out on bail for the last one-and-a-half years, Lakshminarayana had been working as a security officer at Lanco Hills in Manikonda.On Tuesday night, Lakshminarayana along with his colleague, Rajaiah, a retired ASI, also from Cyberabad commissionerate, went to attend a party organised by a friend at Royal Function hall in Narsingi.Lakshminarayana went on a drinking binge at the party and, later, along with Rajaiah, took a lift from a colleague of theirs called G Krishna.Krishna advised Rajaiah to take Lakshminarayana to his house for the night as the latter was in an inebriated condition.Accordingly, Rajaiah took Lakshminarayana to his house in Janapriya Nagar of Miyapur where the latter was given the guest room.At 5.30am on Wednesday, Rajaiah got up to take his morning walk when he found Lakshminarayana lying unconscious in bed.Lakshminarayana was then shifted to a nearby hospital where doctors pronounced him brought dead, the SI said.The body has been shifted to Gandhi Hospital for a post-mortem. A case has been booked under section 174 (suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code.\"We suspect that the victim died due to a cardiac arrest. But the post-mortem report will make things clear,\" the SI said.Lakshminarayana is survived by his wife and three children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13881144", "title": "CBI seeks government nod to file charges against doctors", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Wednesday sought permission from the UP government to register criminal cases against 30-odd doctors of the state health and family welfare department in connection with Rs 5,000 crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam.Among those against whom CBI wants to file charges are two former director general (DG)-rank officers, one chief medical officer (CMO), three additional CMOs and six other government doctors posted in Lucknow when the scam took place.Most of these doctors allegedly played a role in siphoning of funds to chosen contractors associated with the health and family welfare department. In most of the cases, these officers purchased medicines and equipment from select contractors at 10-15 times higher prices. There were instances where contractors were issued payments even before the work was done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877603", "title": "Tile firm gave Rs 9 crore bribe to officials, minister", "text": "MUMBAI: City-based Nitco Tiles paid nearly Rs 9 crore as bribe to officials from various government departments and two politicians, including a state cabinet minister, a Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) investigation has found.According to sources, tile-manufacturing company paid Rs 25 lakh to the minister in January 2009 to procure certain clearances for its manufacturing unit in Kanjurmarg as it fell within the Coastal Regulatory Zone (CRZ) area.In addition to this, the company paid Rs 60 lakh to the Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority and Rs 65 lakh to the National Coastal Zone Management Authority, the DRI has found.The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is investigating the case based on DRI's 2009 letter that mentioned payments made by Nitco Tiles to obtain various favours. CBI's press information officer R K Gaur told TOI over the phone on Tuesday that the agency recently registered a preliminary enquiry against unknown officials. \"Based on the probe, the CBI will decide the next course of action,\" he said.Nitco Tiles managing director Vivek Talwar has denied the allegations.All the payments were made between 2007 and 2009, said sources. The company allegedly paid Rs 30 lakh to a politician from Alibaug. Payments were made to officials from departments of forest, income tax, Customs and anti-dumping duty, office of the directorate general of foreign trade, two members of Central Excise (Customs), the service tax appellate tribunal (CESTAT), the income tax appellate tribunal (ITAT) and the BMC. \"In some instances, names of officials have been mentioned. In other cases, only the department is identified,\" said a source.While DRI officials refused to comment, sources said payment details were recovered from the house of an employee of Nitco Tiles.The DRI had found vouchers of these payments during its investigation into import violations by Nitco Tiles, which is into the manufacture of tiles and supplies marble. It also imports some of these products and sells them in the market. The company's website pegs its gross sales for financial year 2010-11 at 728.55 crore.The DRI has accused the company of misusing government rules to evade Customs and anti-dumping duties. The company is also accused of manipulating records to show fulfillment of exports based on which concessions were granted while making imports. The DRI and the Customs department in Nhava Seva, Hyderabad, Tuticorin and Kochi have issued show-cause notices to the company. The duty evaded, according the show-cause notices, is around Rs 354 crore. The company has paid a deposit of Rs 25 crore towards the duty component.Sources said most of the payments made were for obtaining clearances for the land acquired by the company. The payment made to ITAT was related to tax issues. CESTAT had heard some of Nitco's duty evasion cases, a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13898888", "title": "Is \u2018Vaalu\u2019 a copy of \u2018Mere Brother Ki Dulhan\u2019?", "text": "The first look of the film is out and the resemblance between the South and Bollywood films is uncanny South star Simbu recently released the poster of his new film opposite Hansika Motwani. The first look of the Tamil comedy seems very similar to the Imran Khan and Katrina Kaif starrer, Mere Brother Ki Dulhan (MBKD). The poster showcases Hansika driving away on a rickshaw with STR struggling to keep his balance - a scene uncannily like the situation in the song Choomantar from MBKD, where Kat steals a rickshaw and drives off with Imran, who is desperately trying to maintain his equilibrium.The Bollywood film was an average hit at the box office, and if Vaalu is anything like it, we are sure this one will be a laugh riot too. Vaalu went on the floors on June 6 and is expected to hit the theatres by Diwali this year.Source: bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877467", "title": "Trader held at Mumbai airport with 2 tusks", "text": "MUMBAI: A Gujarat-based trader was detained at Mumbai airport for carrying elephant tusks in his baggage.The trader, 22-year-old Kushal Singhal, had arrived in Mumbai by an Ethiopian airline flight and was detained while he was on his way out of the airport.He was later handed over to the Sahar police for further investigations.On June 5, Singhal landed at the airport at 6am. He was on his way home after a visit to the Ivory Coast. Customs officials said Singhal was passing through the green channel when he was stopped for checks. Officials found two elephant tusks in his baggage. \"He said he had bought the tusks from the Ivory Coast for his home and that he was unaware of the law,\" said a senior Customs official,According to officials, ivory is one of the highly prohibited items and cannot be carried or brought or taken to any other country. It is banned under the Convention on International Trade of Endangered Species (CITES). The Wildlife Act of India, 1972 also prohibits the trade of ivory tusks. \"Ivory tusks are classified as very sensitive and highly prohibited items. Other such items are a tiger's body parts like claws, skin etc, or reptiles or shatoosh shawls,\" a Customs official said. \"Any trade in these items is punishable. Even if the person carrying these is innocent, it is legally impossible to let him/ her go without court permission.\"Customs officials said such cases are very rare and smuggling of animal parts thought air is not a common practice. \"We have come across such a case after a 10-15 years,\" another Customs official said. The passenger was intercepted by a Customs batch led by assistant commisioner Sameer Wankhede.Sahar police inspector Balasaheb Jadhav said Singhal claims he was unaware of the rules on elephant tusks. The two tusks cost approximately Rs 2.75 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13877519", "title": "Govt wakes up to Rajokri dump", "text": "New Delhi: A day after TOI reported on the massive dumping of waste and large-scale encroachment in the Rajokri forest in southwest Delhi, the forest department has sprung into action and will be deploying earthmovers to clean up the area on Thursday.Officials carried out a recce on Wednesday in which they determined the extent of the problem at the forest.\"The forest is part of the southern Ridge and has been neglected for some time. There is nobody to guard the area which is why such large-scale encroachment has taken place there. Forest officials surveyed the area on Wednesday and JCBs will be deployed there for a few days to remove the waste that is being dumped,\" said a senior official.Rajokri, which till a few decades back was a lush forest with native Aravali flora and fauna, is completely degraded at present.A road cuts through it now and most of it is being used as a dumping ground by residents of nearby areas including Vasant Kunj. Nearby Rangpahari that houses small industrial units is also dumping its toxic waste here.Sources said that a few murders committed inside the forest a few years back scared off the forest guards who were posted there earlier.\"Nobody likes to be stationed there anymore since there are many anti-social elements roaming about. Police are aware of the problem and should carry out regular patrolling to curb such incidents. Dumping of waste probably happens at night which is when surveillance is most needed,\" said an official.\"A wall also needs to come up around the forest area that will prevent its misuse. A special task force has been set up to demarcate the boundary of the southern Ridge. Rajokri is part of the areas that will be covered by them. Once that is done, a wall will be erected,\" the official added.While most of the southern Ridge area has been affected by encroachments, the proximity of the Rajokri forest to residential areas has left it especially susceptible to misuse and dumping of waste. Officials said that once the area was cleaned up, a plan would also be prepared to revive the forest.On Tuesday, NGO 'The Earth Saviour Foundation' carried out a cleaning drive at the forest. Its president Ravi Kalra had said that they had approached the government on several occasions to address the problem and in the absence of any response from them, was going to approach the court for intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "credits  film ", "code": "13891850", "title": "Tukaram", "text": "Credits  Film : Tukaram Cast : Jeetendra Joshi, Radhika Apte, Veena Jamkar, Sharad Ponkshe Director : Chandrakant Kulkarni Producer : Sanjay Chhabria Genre : Mythological Release Date : 8th JuneSynopsis : The revered saint and philosopher -poet Tukaram (1608-49), is possibly the only saint whose importance and popularity has not diminished through the centuries. In fact, his relevance keeps growing.This film traces the journey of a common man to sainthood.Tukaram had a very normal childhood. He is fascinated with Lord Vitthal who he says is his dear friend. He is a very innocent and generous kid and is not touchy to part with his toys or personal belongings with his friends. As he grows up he takes up the family responsibility as his elder brother is not interested in the material world and is drawn completely towards spiritual pursuits. When his first wife Rakhma is unable to bear a child, he bows to his family's wishes and marries Aavli. We see that Tuka is trying to become a good son and husband. But the arrival of a major famine destroys this beautiful picture. He loses both his parents, his sister-in-law (brother's wife) dies and his elder brother Savji leaves home. His first wife and son die too; during this hopeless atmosphere of a terrible three-year-long famine, Tukaram realizes that the perennial treasure of God's grace is far more valuable than ephemeral worldly riches and he shifts his focus to divine worship. He does not choose to quit his responsibilities and follow a solitary path. Instead, he feels it is more important to try and reduce the sorrows of the people around him. For him, being 'a good human being' is as vital as being a good son, friend or husband. And while striving to be a good human being, he automatically turns into a saint.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13875707", "title": "Another effort to bring funds to Beypore port", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The development of Beypore port got a fillip with the state government deciding to convene a meeting of prospective investors on June 12. The port department will hold the meeting in Beypore and will help investors visit the site and seek clarifications about the Rs 162.5-crore project.The latest move comes after the government failed to woo investors during its previous efforts to invite global tenders. \"Since the closing date for submitting the e-tender is July 3, investors can clear their doubts about the Beypore port development project by attending the meeting,\" said port officer Abraham V Kuriakose. He said that investors during the meeting can visit the port and its nearby areas to gauge the port's prospects.The development, operation, and maintenance of the port is being planned under the public-private participation model. The project aims to develop berths, wharfs, and other facilities to handle general cargo, container and passenger and container vessels. Dredging of seabed to pave way for bigger vessels will also be part of the project.The earlier effort to invite global tenders flopped mainly because investors were unhappy with the norms put forward by the government. This time around the port department has assured to consider all suggestions made by investors before finalizing the bids.Port officials said unlike other ports Beypore is an all-weather port and it makes it difficult for both government and investors to have a consensus on the conditions of the bid. \"The government has already invested huge amount for the port development and it needs private investments to realize the investments made by the state,\" an official said.Meanwhile, the government has decided to relax the norms of the project. \"The port department has clearly explained the need of the port in its tender notice. An evaluation committee will consider the suggestions made by investors. We accept certain changes if its benefits the port,\" said the port official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13876699", "title": "12-year-old boy, autorickshaw driver robbed", "text": "NAGPUR: In two separate incidents on Tuesday evening, a 12-year-old boy and an auto driver were robbed by three youths.In the first case, the Std VIII student was offered a seat by an autorickshaw driver and was robbed of his cell phone by the two passengers who were already seated in the three-wheeler.Around 8pm, the victim (name not published on request) had finished his tuition classes and was waiting at Mor Bhavan Square for his mother to take him home at Ramdaspeth. The mother was a bit late and, meanwhile, the autorickshaw driver offered him a lift.\"They just asked him where he wanted to go and offered him seat, saying that they were taking the same route and would drop him,\" said the victim's father. However, instead of Ramdaspeth, they took the boy to Shankar Nagar. On the way, they threatened him and snatched his cell phone, said police.The youths returned the SIM card to the boy and took the handset with them. They dropped the boy at Shankar Nagar and fled from the spot. The boy later informed a nearby traffic cop about the incident who then alerted his parents.In the other incident, Kamgar Nagar resident Mangal Dongre, an auto driver, was robbed of his cell phone and cash by three youths posing as passengers.Dongre said he was standing at Gandhi Nagar Square when three youths boarded his rickshaw for Sitabuldi. Near Panchasheel Square, they robbed him, police said. Later, the youths threatened him and asked him to take them to Jamtha. There, one youth got down, another alighted at Chhattrapati Square and the third one got down near Shani Mandir in Sitabuldi.Though Dongre approached Ambazari police station, he was directed to Sitabuldi police station under whose jurisdiction the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13882984", "title": "One dies, another prisoner sent to district hospital", "text": "VARANASI: While the death of an under trial prisoner at Mau district jail led to high drama at jail as well as at the Kutchehri premises on Wednesday, to avoid more problem, the jail authorities shifted an ailing prisoner to the district hospital.According to reports, Anil Rai (45), a native of Gotha village under Doharighat police station in Mau district, was lodged at Mau district jail for the past few months for his involvement in criminal case. Reports stated that he was suffering from stomach pain due to which he was kept inside the jail's hospital. He died due to ailment early on Wednesday. However, angered by Anil's death, the prisoners in all barracks and circles of the jail created high drama by indulging in slogan lauding.Anil's death compelled the jail officials to shift another seriously ailing prisoner Sushil Chaurasia to the district hospital as a precaution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13876702", "title": "8-year-old dies in gate crash", "text": "MUMBAI: An eight-year-old boy died after a gate reportedly crashed on him on Tuesday.The rusted compound gate crashed on Shushant Patil around 11am when he along with his mother Pushpa (40) stepped out of Nanji Khimji Gaushala Trust in Mulund (W), said the police.The Mulund police arrested caretaker Amit Darji (27) for not maintaining the trust's compound gate, which was found to be rusted. \"Darji has been arrested for culpable homicide. He was produced before the Mulund court on Wednesday and has been released on bail,\" said Mulund police senior inspector Jivajirao Jadhav.On Tuesday, Pushpa and Shushant reached the trust around 7 am. \"After finishing her work, the duo was leaving the compound. Shushant was playing around and jumped on the damaged gate and tried to swing on it. The gate could not withstand and crashed on the boy,\" said the police.Locals immediately took the boy to Mulund General Hospital. He was declared dead on admission.\"Darji was booked after we found that no maintenance was carried out on the gate,\" said the police.Pushpa said, \"My son was the only hope for my survival after my husband left me. Shushant used to accompany me to the Gaushala trust where I am employed to remove cow dung.\" She added that her son did not go to school due to financial problems and instead used to accompany her to the trust. He used to watch her remove the cow dung.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13881563", "title": "Venus transit: Cloud cover plays spoilsport", "text": "MYSORE: Students, teachers and many citizens in the city were disappointed as they could not watch the century's last Venus transit very clearly on Wednesday.Students gathered at JSS College for Women to experience the most-awaited celestial event. In this, Venus makes a slow transit across the face of the Sun.Students waited for two hours as it was cloudy, but still could not have a proper look at it. Pooja MR, II PU student, said: \"I am upset. I wanted to have a lifetime experience but the weather dampened my plans.\"Many people gathered at Urs Boarding School Ground to witness the celestial event but only a few were able to spot it. Arrangements were made at Ramakrishna Vidyashala for people to have a date with history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13891702", "title": "Matthew Modine to play John Sculley in Steve Jobs biopic", "text": "Matthew Modine has signed up to star in the upcoming Steve Jobs biopic, which stars Ashton Kutcher as the late Apple founder.Joshua Michael Stern will direct the film, which will chronicle Jobs' life from 1971 through the 21st century.Modine told CBSNews.com he will play John Sculley, the former Pepsi-Cola CEO whom Jobs recruited to lead Apple in 1983.Sculley has long been known as the man who \"fired\" Jobs two years later.The two had clashed in their respective roles at Apple, leading up to Jobs' removal from the company in 1985. Sculley served as Apple CEO from 1983 to 1993.\"The interesting thing about that is some people may look at John Sculley as a villain in the story, an antagonist in the story,\" Modine said.\"You know the story of Michael Jordan. When he was playing high school basketball, he was kicked off the team. He was cut. And had Michael Jordan not been cut, a lot of people believe he wouldn't have found the aspiration and desire to show his coach that he was wrong and become the Michael Jordan who changes the game of basketball,\" he said.\"It's my feeling-and I think there's a lot of people who feel-that had John Sculley not fired Steve Jobs from Apple Computers and Steve go on the journey that he did when he was away from Apple Computers that we wouldn't be speaking about Steve Jobs today,\" he added.'Book of Mormon' star Josh Gad will portray Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak in the film, which is expected to hit theatres this fall.The movie, which is titled 'jOBS,' began principal photography this month.Early scenes are slated to be shot in the actual Los Altos home, where Jobs grew up and founded Apple in the historic garage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13879189", "title": "Arpan to generate power from solid waste", "text": "AGARTALA: Agartala-based Association for Research on People and Nature (Arpan) has planned to set up a plasma gasification plant in the city to manage the growing solid waste here. The organization has also trained as many as 30 female entrepreneurs on manufacturing carry bags with waste paper and cloth.Arpan vice president D Daschoudhury on Wednesday said the Agartala Municipal Council (AMC) had been facing problems in dumping solid wastes and recycling non-degradable desecrates generated by city dwellers. \"AMC does not have trained manpower and proper infrastructure for solid waste management. But, they are spending about Rs 70 lakh every month in cleaning, sweeping and dumping the waste into the ground and this is a major concern for us,\" Daschoudhury said. Plasma gasification is a technology to convert solid waste into energy at medium-scale investment. This technology is successfully running in Bangalore, Nagpur and Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13878685", "title": "Dwarka man arrested for killing wife", "text": "New Delhi: A man has been arrested for murdering his wife as he suspected her of having extramarital affairs.Jaleshwar Majhi (35), a labourer, battered his wife to death with a tawa on May 30 at their rented accommodation in Pochanpur in the Dwarka area after which he fled with their seven-month-old daughter. The murder was discovered on June 1 when their landlord came to collect rent and found the woman lying in a pool of blood. A case of murder was then registered at the Dwarka Sector 23 police station.Police teams began an intensive search for Jaleshwar in Delhi, Bihar and Solan in Himachal Pradesh, where his two brothers stayed. He was arrested on Tuesday from Dwarka Sector 20 when he came to collect his salary from a contractor.Cops said during interrogation, Jaleshwar admitted to having murdered his wife as he suspected she had illicit relations with other men. \"He suspected that his wife had developed physical relations with the boys who resided in the nearby rented room. He said after his wife refused to mend her ways, he decided to kill her,\" said Anil Kumar Ojha, additional CP (southwest). Police said Jaleshwar had come to Delhi in May this year with his family and rented an accommodation in Pochanpur. Jaleshwar married the deceased woman in 2010 after he separated from his first wife about five years ago. He also has a daughter from his first marriage.Jaleshwar had come to Delhi in May this year with his family and rented an accommodation in Pochanpur. He also has a daughter from his first marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13882957", "title": "Chandigarh police officials promoted, transferred", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh police department underwent a major shuffle recently, as a part of which, many officials were promoted and many new station house officers (SHOs) appointed.According to the police, six constables were promoted to the rank of assistant sub-inspectors, 15 assistant sub-inspectors were made sub-inspectors and six sub-inspectors were elevated to the rank of inspector.Inspector Neeraj Saran, who is currently heading cyber crime cell, was appointed SHO of Sector 3 police station while inspectors Ram Gopal and Anokh Singh will be the new SHOs of Sector 17 and Sector 26 police stations respectively. Sector 17 is among the crucial police stations in the city, which covers several important sectors.Former sector 17 SHO Ranjodh Singh has been assigned the post of inspector, crime branch, as the former crime branch inspector Amanjot Singh had submitted his resignation last month.Inspector Jaswinder Singh, who was posted in traffic police, has been made in-charge of operations cell. Inspector Dilsher Chandel has been transferred from operations cell to police lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13883278", "title": "SIT to probe cops' involvement in sexual abuse", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana police formed a special investigation team (SIT) on Wednesday to probe allegations of involvement of its officials in sexual abuse of minor girls at Rohtak-based shelter home - Apna Ghar.The team was constituted on the day The Times of India reported the alleged involvement of some police officials in the sexual abuse of inmates. Sources close to the four-member team constituted by the Punjab and Haryana high court revealed that the allegations of cops abusing women came up during a visit to the protection home on Tuesday. It also found that the shelter home had become a \"virtual brothel\" and that girls were even \"supplied to Delhi.\"\"We will take stringent action if any of our cops are found to be involved in this heinous act,\" said Haryana police DGP Ranjiv S Dalal. The high-powered three-member panel is headed by Additional Director General of Police M S Maan and includes IGP (CID) Mohammad Akil and Rohtak DSP Dharana Yadav.The Haryana Police, meanwhile, ruled out a CBI probe into the incident. \"Our officers are competent enough to probe the case,\" said Dalal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13882857", "title": "Hackers target MTNL, call protests in 6 cities", "text": "CHENNAI: The virtual gheraoing of official websites went up a notch on Wednesday, with online hackers Anonymous claiming to have taken down the Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited (MTNL) website through a distributed denial of service attack.The group started attacking official and corporate websites to protest \"internet censorship\" which snowballed after a Madras high court 'John Doe' order on copyright violation of Tamil movie '3' and Telugu movie 'Dammu'.In addition to the net siege, Anonymous has planned peaceful street demonstrations in Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Kolkata, Pune, Kochi and other cities on June 9. The demands include removal of blocks on websites and for amendment of certain provisions in the IT Act 2008.Hacked for blocking file-sharing websitesAfter government websites and corporate domains, online \"hacktivist\" group Anonymous on Wednesday targeted the Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited (MTNL) website for blocking file-sharing websites.The mtnl .net.in attack was announced on Anonymous's blog: \"We are against internet censorship. Instead of blocking few URLs, the ISP blocked the whole domain of various file-sharing websites. The (Madras) HC, DoT didn't issue any list of websites to be blocked, still ISP supported internet censorship.\"This is the latest in a series of such attacks in the over the past month by the group, which has targeted the websites of the Internet Service Providers Association of India, the Trinamool Congress and Reliance Communications.To prevent copyright violation of Tamil movie '3' and Telugu movie 'Dammu', the producers procured pre-emptive orders from the high court. Although the orders did not specify the websites, on May 17, internet service providers (ISPs) such as Airtel and Reliance Communications blocked a number of video-sharing and file-sharing sites, including Vimeo, DailyMotion.com, Isohunt.com, thepiratebay.org, torrentz.eu, kat.ph and pastebin.com.Though the bans were partially lifted after protests, websites like Pastebin and torrent sites are still inaccessible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13880435", "title": "BSNL officers\u2019 stir for perks", "text": "NASHIK: Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) officers on Wednesday staged a day-long agitation in front of the BSNL office demanding release of perks that were frozen for over a year under the pretext that BSNL was financially weak.\"We cooperated, but in May, BSNL released perks to Indian Telecom Service officials working on deputation. We are opposing the discrimination,\" MB Sangle, joint secretary of officers association, said. The officers have threatened an indefinite strike from June 13, if demands are not met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13883144", "title": "Mythological Ram Ghat in dire need of attention", "text": "VARANASI: The broken steps on the embankments speak volumes about the condition of one of the mythological ghats on the Ganga known as Ram Ghat. Cracks in the stairs are visible from quite a distance. The platforms and old structures are also in poor condition, enough to raise eyebrows over the condition of the ghat.A major part of the platforms and embankments were covered with silt and mud. If it was not enough, the debris of broken structures, including parts of the old collapsed building, could be seen lying on the platform, giving a filthy look to the place.The ghat is one of the most revered and also considered as sacred in the city. It comes alive during the Ramnavmi Mela held on the 9th day of Chaitra month to celebrate the birth of Lord Rama. Devotees throng the ghat to take a holy dip in the Ganga before moving for worshipping at the Ram Janaki Temple located at the top of the ghat. The pathetic condition of the stairs and platforms are definitely a deterrent for the devotees. Urgent measures are needed to restore the sanctity of the structures, said Vindhyachal Mishra, a priest of the temple on the occasion. The ghat has a number of sacred structures and shrines like Sri Ram Janaki Mandir and Ragheshwar Mahadev Mandir. The poor maintenance of old structures was evident in the form of crumbling buildings. An old building located on the ghat had collapsed. The spot is now converted into a place for dumping waste.A portion of the building was loaded with silt and mud while the first floor of the building was used for dumping garbage and waste material like plastic bags. The platform near the building is also crumbling with craters and crevices appearing in the stone slabs.Layers of silt and mud got deposited at the ghat during the last monsoon season and no efforts were made to clean the place. The old building at the ghat collapsed after incessant rainfall in September last year. \"We move to other places like Panch Ganga Ghat, even if the pilgrims and devotees insist on making the boat halt at the ghat. The visitors have to board at other ghats, as the stepped embankments are no longer suited for halting of boats,\" said Shambhu Majhi, a boatmen.Ram Ghat is located near the Harsiddhi Temple and was built by the Raja of Jaipur. It comes alive during Ramnavmi Mela. Devotees take a bath early in the morning and worship Lord Rama in the neighbouring temple. The ghat houses a number of sacred structures and shrines which attract devotees round the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880447", "title": "Grandmaster meets CM, gets 2cr cheque", "text": "Chennai: Grandmaster Viswanathan Anand on Wednesday received a cheque for Rs 2 crore from Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa for his World Chess Championship triumph in Moscow last week. The chief minister invited Anand and his wife Aruna to the secretariat and the meeting at her chamber lasted a little more than 20 minutes.Anand and Aruna came to the secretariat around 2.30pm accompanied by World Chess Federation vice president D V Sundar and All India Chess Federation president J C D Prabahakaran, who is also the MLA from Villivakkam. The officials waited outside while Anand and Aruna were asked to proceed directly to the CM's chamber.\"It was a very informal meeting and she asked too many questions. She is very knowledgeable about chess, she asked him how he trained, which was his next tournament and discussed the Moscow match in detail,\" Aruna, Anand's wife-cum-manager explained.Prabhakaran said the CM's appointment was fixed on the day Anand came back from Moscow as the secretary of sports and the SDAT Chairman were present at the airport receiving him at the instance of the chief ministerEmerging from the meeting with the CM, Anand told the waiting reporters that more than 32,000 chess clubs in government and government aided schools across the state would be fully operational in a couple of years. Expressing appreciation with the state government's initiative of introducing chess in the school curriculum for the 7 to 17 age group, Anand said support from corporates would in course of time help take the game to another level in the state. \"I hope the next chess champion will also be from Tamil Nadu,\" he said. Replying to a question whether he would coach aspiring players, Anand said he was open to offers. The government released a special booklet in honour of the chess champion on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13881639", "title": "NSSO survey to cover entire nation for first time", "text": "NEW DELHI: No survey official has visited the village of Phisami, not far from India's border with Myanmar in Nagaland, or parts of the Andaman and Nicobar islands as the sheer remoteness of these areas made them off limits for enumerators.This will change in July, when the 69th round of the National Sample Survey Organization's (NSSO) enumeration of socio-economic indicators gets underway as all of India will be covered for the first time after entire Jammu and Kashmir was brought under the survey map last year.In the case of Nagaland, NSSO will relax a rule not to cover villages that lie more than 5km beyond a bus route on an experimental basis to push its coverage to areas that it have not been on its map previously. This will mean Phisami, with a population of some 1,200 people, could receive visitors. As could Tsutapella and Tsaphimi villages.\"In case of rural sectors of Nagaland and Andaman and Nicobar islands, the coverage has been extended to the entire state or UT from this round...one separate stratum will be formed for all interior and inaccessible villages not covered in previous rounds,\" a note on the 69th round states.Official sources said some parts of J&K; could not be covered due to logistics as also unsettled security conditions until a decision was taken during last year's survey of household consumer expenditure to push into districts largely outside the NSSO net.Success in covering all parts of J&K; meant that the sample, although random and intended to account for only a fraction of habitations, was more complete than has been the case before. Similar was the case with Andaman islands, where some areas were earlier simply ruled out of the survey sample.Nagaland was the last frontier both in terms of the logistical challenge as also presence of militant groups. With the security situation improving, NSSO is prepared to dispatch surveyors to villages that often have a limited, self-sufficient agrarian economy.Previous surveys have been incomplete with regard to certain Union Territories and states as parts of Leh and Kargil in J&K; and villages in Nagaland and Andaman and Nicobar were seen to be inaccessible throughout the year. Parts of Doda, Poonch and Rajouri were outside the surveys.This time, the survey will examine a range of indicators like size and state of houses, drinking water, sanitation, hygiene and slums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13879907", "title": "Pranab assurance on Arunachal's finances", "text": "ITANAGAR: Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has assured to address the financial concerns of Arunachal Pradesh in subsequent state plan meetings to be held separately with chief minister Nabam Tuki.Pranab's assurance came after Tuki highlighted the fiscal position of the state during the meeting of chief ministers from the northeast convened by the Union finance ministry in New Delhi on Tuesday, official sources said here on Wednesday.The meeting, which was attended by the finance minister, deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia and chief ministers of all the northeastern states, discussed the grievances of the states with the ministry.Tuki was accompanied by state finance, PWD and planning minister Chowna Mein and parliamentary secretary, planning, Nabam Rebia.Tuki later called on Union defence minister AK Antony to discuss, among other issues, the setting up of the National Institute of Mountaineering and Allied Sports (Nimas) at Dirang in West Kameng district of Arunachal.While accepting Tuki's invitation to grace the foundation stone-laying ceremony of Nimas, Antony assured that he would visit the state soon for the event, sources said.The establishment of Nimas was announced by the defence minister during the statehood silver jubilee celebrations in Itanagar on February 20 last, which he had subsequently cleared.Tuki also brought up the status of roads under the Border Roads Organisation (BRO) and requested Antony to impress upon the BRO to expedite its ongoing projects in the state.He further appealed to the minister to establish a Sainik School in the state. Antony assured the chief minister that he would consider the matter and apprise him accordingly.The defence minister also informed Tuki that he has approved the proposal for raising a the second battalion of Arunachal Scouts under the aegis of the defence ministry, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13881636", "title": "9 men arrested for robbing lorry carrying rice sacks", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore South police on Tuesday nabbed 9 persons in connection with theft of 85 sacks of rice, and recovered Rs 85,000 from them.These men had stolen a lorry of Food Corporation of India on June 3, while it was plying to Hebbal. The arrested have been identified as Manu Kumar, Vijay Kumar, Ravichandra,Jakir, Sahil, Arshad, Imran and Ahmed.\"These youths belong to Mysore and are aged between 20 and 25,\" police said. The accused overpowered the driver, assaulted him and drove away with the lorry. They unloaded the sacks to another vehicle in Arakere in Mandya district. Arshad, one of the accused, stored the goods in his friend's godown near Ramenahalli and told him that the goods were genuine.Acting on a tip-off and help from locals, police arrested all nine and recovered goods, vehicles, bikes, mobile phone and 85 rice bags, each containing 50 kg of rice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13883211", "title": "A bridge of words to bring peace across countries", "text": "LUDHIANA: Hopes and wishes set aside, most people can at best only imagine an uneasy calm existing between India and Pakistan. Not for the editorial team of ''Saanjh'' \u2014 a magazine printed on both sides of the border. Building a bridge of peace, the literary initiative was started four years ago with a team from Ludhiana and Lahore to strike a connect between those sitting miles apart because of the turn history took.The tri-monthly magazine has an editorial board consisting of four people \u2014 two each from Ludhiana and Lahore. Anyone from east (Indian side) and west Punjab (in Pakistan) can contribute content in the form of stories, poems, essay, article or even obituary for the magazine.In both countries, the magazine has identical cover page and content but it is published in Gurmukhi script for Punjab and in Shahmukhi (urdu) script for Pakistan.Talking about the nitty gritty of publishing a magazine from two countries, Manu Sharma, who is on the team in Ludhiana, said, ''Anyone can contribute matter. Both teams compile the material and send it to our main editorial desk of Academy of Punjab in North America (APNA) in the US. They pick content from contributors in both countries and send it back to us to be published in our respective scripts.''Academician Jagtar Singh Dhiman, who is an honorary member of the editorial team in Ludhiana said, ''After getting content from APNA, final editing work and publishing is done both in Ludhiana and Lahore. They translate our work into Shahmukhi and we translate writings from their to Gurmukhi. The final product is identical, except the language.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13876487", "title": "Congress blocks presentation on irrigation", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress on Wednesday scored another point over its ally NCP by foiling plans of the NCP-controlled water resources department to mount its defence on the controversy of irrigation projects.Following various allegations raised against it, the water-resources department had prepared a presentation to be made at the state cabinet meet, justifying the expenditure incurred in irrigation projects and approvals to cost escalations. However, the Congress camp succeeded in deferring a discussion on it.The cabinet meet lasted for over three hours, with the presentation slotted as the last item on the agenda.In its presentation, on high expenditure on project costs, the department claimed that a sizeable portion of the expenditure (Rs 70,000 incurred in 52 years) was spent towards components like land acquisition, relief and rehabilitation and administration cost. It also justified cost escalations by blaming lack of fund flow and delays in forest and environmental clearances for late commencement of projects.The department was to also refute questions raised on meager rise in irrigation potential and cropped irrigated area. When the discussion finally began, CM Chavan demanded details, like cost incurred on projects in ten years. Other congress ministers including Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil and Nitin Raut also joined in.Water resources minister Sunil Tatkare requested the cabinet to allow the presentation to be made. However, ministers from the Congress camp kept raising queries. Some ministers later said that the department had been asked to present a \"white paper\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13878731", "title": "Trouble not over for Naveen Patnaik: Report", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Notwithstanding the chief minister's tough action against alleged rebels in his party, an intelligence report on the state's political situation indicates that trouble may be far from over for Naveen Patnaik .Police sources quoted the report as saying that Pyarimohan Mohapatra, who masterminded the coup attempt against the government, still commands a sizeable support among BJD MLAs and this could cast shadow on Naveen's continuance in the CM's chair.Beside some ministers, the report broadly put all 60 first time BJD MLAs on Pyari's basket on the ground that the Rajya Sabha member was singularly responsible for motivating them to contest polls and worked relentlessly for their victory. \"It's no secret that the 60 new MLAs, regardless of their loyalty to Pyari, cannot be counted for dislodging Naveen. But they would always remain a potential threat to the CM,\" said a senior police official.A senior BJD leader echoed this view and cited the reported visit of 33 MLAs to Pyari's residence on May 29 to bring home the point. \"It's a different matter that the number was not sufficient to oust Naveen, but the fact that so many legislators were party to such a move itself is a pointer to the CM's sagging image in his own party making him vulnerable to losing power,\" the BJD leader said on condition of anonymity.The BJD insider described Tuesday's hurried induction of four Nationalist Congress party (NCP) legislators in the BJD as a desperate attempt by the CM to keep his flock together as well as shore up support within his party. He explained that Naveen's sworn political enemy Bijay Mohapatra was the key architect of the Sharad Pawar-led NCP's Odisha unit. Pyari, however, had successfully engineered NCP's alliance with BJD just before the 2009 Assembly elections, thereby forcing Bijay to quit NCP. Pyari had also made arrangements for the NCP MLAs to join BJD before he openly fell out with Naveen. \"Since Pyari is closer to the NCP MLAs, the CM quickly brought them to his party before they could jump to his rival camp,\" the BJD leader said.Naveen, who cut short his London visit and rushed back to Bhubaneswar, has since dismissed three ministers and suspended Pyari and two MLAs from BJD for their role in the coup attempt against him. BJD sources said some more ministers, who are perceived to be close to Pyari, are likely to be shown the door soon and the CM may go for reshuffling his ministry. The CM has also kept his house, Naveen Niwas, which was once out of bounds for ministers, MLAs and party workers, open almost round the clock. \"It is now a changed situation, thanks to Pyari threat looming large over Naveen. He now takes phone calls instead of his office assistant. He freely allows us to hold press conferences at Naveen Niwas. Leaders such as Damodar Rout, Debasis Nayak and A U Singhdeo, who were virtually treated like untouchables before May 29, are now always seen in Naveen's company and airing anti-Pyari statements,\" said another BJD leader.Sources in the state administration said Naveen has simultaneously started pushing out seemingly pro-Pyari officials from key positions. The move to replace DGP Manmohan Praharaj is one such pointer. The vigilance department has also been roped in to strengthen the CM's position. In the last two days, anti-corruption sleuths have raided a Rourkela hotel where some rebel BJD leaders held a meeting to arrange funds from mine owners for the aborted coup. They have also raided the offices of some mine owners, who were allegedly willing to sponsor the oust-Naveen plan, at Badbil in Keonjhar district.Though the vigilance department said that the raids were part of their drive against possible tax evasion, sources said the action was part of the save-Naveen drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "13879686", "title": "Anti-plastic drive begins in the Nilgiris", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: With the tourist season coming to an end in the Nilgiris, the district administration has launched an anti-plastic campaign at Burliar, on the Ooty-Mettupalayam highway on Wednesday. A mass cleaning programme was also conducted by the Panchayat at Burliar which serves as a resting place for travelers.On Wednesday, tourists travelling at Burliar were asked to handover their plastic carry bags (if any) which were substituted with bio-degradable bags. The State bank of India, Ooty branch, donated about 1000 bio- degradable bags, as a community service, to the district administration for the campaign.About 5, 90,747 tourists had visited the Government Botanical Garden (GBG) in Ooty in May. Normally, the foot falls registered at the GBG is taken as the number of tourists who visit the hills. The Nilgiris hills, especially the tourist spots are found littered with garbage, mostly plastic items.According to Ooty municipal commissioner K Sivakumar, with around 90,000 residents, during off season the town generates about 250 grams of garbage per head daily. However, due to the inflow of tourists, garbage generation, mostly plastic items, had increased dramatically.Though Ooty town is cleaned on a regular basis, the surrounding areas, especially the tourist spots are littered with garbage. According to environmental activists, the anti-plastic campaign launched in the Nilgiris, (supposedly a plastic free zone), on Wednesday, is merely a show for the media. The campaign should have been conducted much earlier, during peak tourist season.\"When Nilgiris district is supposed to be a declared plastic free zone, what is the necessity to conduct campaigns to create awareness? Strict implementation of the ban on plastic is the need of the hour,\" said a resident who is also a senior environmental activist.During the anti-plastic campaign, a garbage collection vehicle was handed over to the Burliar Panchayat President by the Nilgiris Collector, Archana Patnaik. The vehicle was funded by the Hill Area Development Programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13898009", "title": "IIM-K Satellite Campus at Kochi to be inaugurated on June 9", "text": "KOCHI: The Indian Institute of Management-Kozhikode (IMM-K)'s Satellite campus here will be inaugurated by chief minister, Oommen Chandy on June 9.The campus is being set up at Athulya Complex in Kochi Infopark.Industries minister P K Kunhalikutty and finance minister K M Mani will be among those participating, a release said.IIM-K director Debashis Chatterjee said the the satellite campus is being set up with the overall objective of supporting the growth and development of business and industry in the region. It will primarily focus on executive education.As the only IIM in the country having an Internationally accredited Executive Management Education Programme, the Kochi campus will offer full time and part time programmes targetting at Middle and Senior level executives.Programmes offered would be both Short Term and Long Term. Specialised courses for executives in the IT sector with a view to help the executives at the park hone up their management skills was also on the anvil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13880083", "title": "Wage imbroglio silences Sellur handlooms", "text": "MADURAI: The strike by handloom workers in Sellur will prolong further as the talks with owners have not yielded any favourable results and the next round is likely to be held on Monday. Thousands of workers involved in this business have gone on a strike from May 25 demanding a wage hike as the present wages are bare minimum. With the first round of talks failing, their wait has only become longer and the families are struggling hard even for basic needs for more than 10 days now.Sellur in Madurai city is the hub of handlooms producing various type towels, window screens, bed sheets etc. The industry once had lot of domestic as well as export orders even for the countries like the US and Russia. However, from 12,000 handlooms and more than 15,000 workers in the 90s, what remains today are just 600 looms and 1,000 workers.The present imbroglio in the sector is the workers demanding a hike in the wages because the wages paid to them at present is very meagre with one making hardly Rs 50 to 70 per day. With the inflation soaring high, many are not able to meet even their basic needs.\"My family is surviving because govt gives free rice in PDS, else we all will go hungry to bed every day. We buy one tea for Rs 8 and divide it into four portions. Such is our condition,\" laments N Alshek. The workers are paid based on piece works with Rs 19 per a dozen of handkerchiefs and Rs 10 for a towel. The workers say that they cannot weave more than three dozens of handkerchiefs and five towels a day thus limiting their wages to a paltry amount. Most of the workers from particular castes are into business for traditions and many reluctantly opt for other jobs.\"I have been weaving from the age of 10 and I don't know any other profession. I need to support my two children, but the present wages are so low, that we struggle to meet expenses,\" S Maheswari, a widow in Sellur says. Murugan of Sellur Handloom Workers Association says that it has become a routine practice to go on strike every time they demand better wages. \"From the earlier demand of 50% wage hike, we have come down to 25% but the owners are not agreeing anything above 18%. They fixed the next round of talks on Monday but we demanded it to be held on Friday so that the strike ends soon and we resume our work,\" he said.However, the owners have their own list of woes stating that they are struggling to stay in the business. \"The government does not support private players in handlooms and promote societies that vanish overtime after lot of scams. Without any support, we are struggling as the orders are declining over the period. Many of the owners have closed their units and turned the factories as rented buildings,\" says G Subash Chandra Bose, president of Sellur Handloom Cloth Manufacturer Association. Soaring prices of raw materials is another concern for the owners. \"The yarn prices have gone up after the power crisis and we are not able to cope the higher production costs. Increasing the wages will further hit the owners,\" he mentioned.The state government has announced just 10% hike for cooperative handloom societies but the owners are ready to give 18% hike but the workers are not accepting, he charged.Workers and owners alike expect some intervention from the government as owners expect the state to support handloom industry while the workers expect the intervention to get better wages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13878403", "title": "Lokayukta sleuths grill DKS", "text": "BANGALORE: Lokayukta sleuths on Wednesday summoned and questioned Congress MLA and former minister DK Shivakumar in connection with a denotification case filed against him by city-based businessman TJ Abraham.The Lokayukta police action comes in the wake of a direction from the special Lokayukta court on March 7 to file an FIR and investigate allegations of denotification of 4.2 acres of land in Benniganahalli, off Old Madras Road.The Sathnur MLA was grilled for over two hours from 4.30pm and his statements were recorded. A case under section 156(3) of the Prevention of Corruption Act was registered against him in connection with the denotification of land done on May 13, 2010, by the then chief minister BS Yeddyurappa, Lokayukta police said. The complaint against Shivakumar alleged that Yeddyurappa used his political clout and allowed denotification of the Congress MLA's land. Yeddyurappa has also been named as an accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13875588", "title": "Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto to run daily from June 17", "text": "NAGPUR: The long wait of passengers for Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto to turn daily is coming to an end. The train will run daily from June 17. It will formally start operating from CSTM (Mumbai) from June 16 while first Nagpur-Mumbai daily run will be from following day. The 12290 Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto leaves Nagpur at 8.50pm and reaches CSTM (Mumbai) at 7.50am while starts from Mumbai at 8.15pm to reach Nagpur at 7.15am next day. The timings will not change.The increase in frequency was announced in 2011 railway budget but it could not be implemented for nearly 15 months as railways did not have rake and power car for it. It has only operational halts at Bhusawal, Igatpuri, and Kasara. Recently, its speed was also increased cutting about 30 minutes from journey time each way. The daily Duronto will also ease pressure on other trains like Vidarbha Express and Nagpur-Dadar 'Sewagram Express'. Passengers can now attend to any work in the state capital and take the same train in the evening to come back here next morning, said Basantkumar Shukla of Bhartiya Yatri Kendra.Avinash Prabhune, an RTI activist said, the train will also benefit people from other destinations Nagpurians will take Duronto leaving berths in other trains for along the routestations. Both Shukla and Prabhune also recalled that the then railway minister Mamata Banerjee had also announced a Duronto Express between Nagpur and Delhi but that train is yet to start. There is no direct train from Nagpur to the national capital after Gondwana Express was hijacked to Raigarh and Bhusawal, they stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13892657", "title": "Tripura Higher Secondary Examination results declared", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Tripura Board Examination on Thursday declared the results of the Higher Secondary Examination. Students can see their results by entering respective roll numbers on its official website http://tripuraresults.nic.in/ .The results are also available on websites http://results.nic.in/ and www.examresults.net.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880328", "title": "Corporation-Ramky spat raises a stench", "text": "Chennai: The open spat between Corporation of Chennai and private conservancy firm Ramky Enviro Ltd has scraped up new dirt on the civic body.The corporation on Tuesday warned Ramky that it would cancel its contract with the Hyderabad-based firm to collect and dispose garbage in Adyar, Kodambakkam and Teynampet after it received several complaints from residents of the tony localities in the three zones. Ramky responded by threatening to take the corporation to court if its contract were annulled.A day later, corporation officials offered to redeploy staff from the 12 other zones in the city to the three areas that Ramky is paid a fat sum for garbage clearance after the firm claimed to be shortstaffed. Residents and conservancy experts were outraged at the civic body's offer, noting that the corporation is severely short of manpower itself and has left the 12 other zones in city to rot in the filth they generate.Exnora International joint general secretary R Govindaraj said the corporation pays Ramky 1,460 per tonne of garbage it clears compared to the Rs 738 per tonne that it paid its predecessor Neel Metal Fanalca. \"Ramky has failed to live up to expectations,\" he said.Other experts said the corporation appears to be unconcerned about the rest of the city, especially north Chennai, while being obsessed with three posh zones of Adyar, Kodambakkam and Teynampet, for which it has been outsourcing conservancy operations.The three zones account for 1,500 tonnes of the 4,600 tonnes of garbage generated by the city daily. The 12 other zones generate only around 3,100 tonnes of garbage per day. With a combined area of 88 sqkm, Adyar, Kodambakkam and Teynampet together make up just one-fifth of the city's area but generate as much as one-third of the city's waste.Informed about the corporation's plans to redeploy 500 more workers to these three zones, residents in other zones said they feared that garbage collection would come to a halt altogether in their localities.Civic officials denied that they are being discriminatory in their operations or favouring particular zones.The corporation on November 23, 2011 awarded Ramky Enviro a Rs 560-crore, seven-year contract for collection, segregation and transportation of garbage from Teynampet, Adyar and Kodambakkam.A senior corporation official said the corporation has been receiving several complaints in areas that the private firm is meant to collect garbage: \"We have asked them to recruit more workers, but they are unlikely to get any because they offer paltry salaries.\"mp.christin@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "manali/shimla", "code": "13883367", "title": "Snowfall brings down temperature in Himachal", "text": "MANALI/SHIMLA: Heavy snowfall on peaks around Manali, Kinnaur and Chamba districts of Himachal has triggered a fresh wave of cold in lower regions of the state, forcing people to wear woollens on Wednesday.Till last reports came in, Rohtang pass received 10 cm fresh snow while Kugti Jot in Chamba, Reo Pargil, Kinner-Kailash ranges in Kinnaur, Deo Tibba, Hanuman Tibba and Seven Sister ranges in Kullu received 10 cm to 30 cm fresh snow and the snowfall was continuing. Snowfall on peaks above 12,000 feet and moderate rain on lower areas have caused sharp drop in temperature.More than 15,000 tourists thronged Rohtang top on Wednesday to witness fresh snowfall, leading to traffic jam for over four hours. Most tourists reached here before 5 am to avoid traffic jams, but keen to witness snow, all of them reached Rohtang early morning, causing traffic jams.\"I cannot believe that we saw real fresh snowfall at Rohtang and that too in June, when the entire country is facing scorching heat,\" a tourist from New Delhi, Balbir Kapoor, said.With snow-capped mountains and cool weather, tourism industry in the state is hoping for good times in coming days. According to director, meteorological office, Shimla, Manmohan Singh , similar weather conditions would remain in the state for five more days. \"High altitude hills would experience mild snow while mid and lower hills would receive rain with thundershowers,\" he said.Breaking a long spell of draught at many places in Himachal, rain has brought cheer to the farmers and fruit growers. Experts say the rain would be beneficial for apple crop.Showers during the past two days in the hilly town of Shimla have brought some relief as hills had been sizzling with heat since past few days. On Thursday last week, temperature for the month of May had touched second time high of last fifty years at 31.9 degree Celsius, while mercury hovered around 28-30 degrees Celsius on other days.Shimla recorded 9.6mm rainfall on Tuesday evening, bringing the temperature down to 27 degrees, giving respite from heat. The sky remained overcast on Wednesday also, with a bleak sun showing up towards the afternoon.Met officials said, \"The rain showers these days are being caused by western disturbances prevalent over the Himalayan region. Monsoons are likely to make an advent in the hills around June 24-25.\" The weatherman has predicted rain and thundershowers in the hills for the next three days, maintaining a pleasant climate.Meanwhile, the showers have raised expectations of the hospitality sector for weekend tourism. Secretary of travel agents association, Manu Sood, said, \"The heat in the plains as also in the hills of Shimla had kept tourists at bay with a low occupancy of 30-40% on weekdays in Shimla in the past week. The cooler climes due to rains have raised expectations for weekend tourist rush and we are expecting occupancy of 85%-90% here.\"Vijay Sharma, a visitor, accompanied by his family from Amritsar, said, \"We are quite enjoying the weather here. It is cool as compared to back home which was simmering with high temperatures. We have extended our stay here for two more days to enjoy the cool climate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13876334", "title": "Mentally unstable man kills couple in Rajura", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Dozens of people watched stunned as a mentally unstable man murdered a couple in Rajura on Wednesday morning. The people couldn't dare to rescue the deceased Baburao Kulmethe (45) and Laxmibai (40) as assailant Prakash Rohne (40) stood over the injured duo, challenging everybody around with his stick. There was no apparent motive for the killings.The Kulmethe couple was walking towards their rented house at Indiranagar locality in Rajura in the morning when suddenly Rohne came running from his battered house with a wooden log and hit Kulmethe on the face who immediately fell to the ground. Laxmibai rushed to help Baburao but was also hit. She too fell in a pool of blood beside Baburao, onlookers claimed.After hearing the cries, several neighbours rushed out of their house. Over a dozen people helplessly witnessed the duo dying for the next few minutes but none dared to step ahead fearing the rage of accused Rohne, sources claimed.After the duo succumbed to injuries, Rohne walked back to his residence and stayed inside. Onlookers informed the police about the incident. SDPO Sandeep Atole along with PSO Rajura, Tiwari rushed to the spot, entered his house and found him snacking. He was immediately nabbed and murder weapon was recovered from his place.Assailant's neighbours claimed that Kulmethe was a watchman in the zilla parishad public works department. He was married and had children from first wife, but was living with another woman Laxmibai away from his family. Kulmethe had no enmity with Rohne. They claimed that Rohne was mentally unstable and had attacked over a dozen people in the area in the past. He is unmarried and lived alone in the battered house after being deserted by his father Bhauji Rohne, who was terrified of his violent behaviour.Rohne had allegedly attacked his father thrice within a month. On the third instance, he had charged upon his father with a club. Bhauji had reportedly filed a police complaint about the attack, but cops took no action.SDPO Atole held that they have arrested Rohne and recovered the murder weapon. Asked whether Rohne was mentally unstable, Atole said that the cops are also verifying about his mental status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13876378", "title": "Forces in Gadchiroli pack a punch and a smile", "text": "NAGPUR: Newer perspectives now have been added to the security operations in Gadchiroli district to spring a surprise on the Naxalites who have unleashed terror and fear in the last few months by targeting the elected representatives and making them vacate their posts in the civic bodies. The security forces nowadays are learnt to be combining their combing operations in the jungles along with scheme of 'Gram bhet' or visit to the village.A senior official stated the security forces would now make it a point, under an officer of the rank of either sub-divisional police officer of additional superintendent of police, to visit and spend time with the tribal population in the hamlets during an operation inside the jungle. Superintendent of police, Gadchiroli, S Vireesh Prabhu organized a meeting at the Jimulgatta village in Aheri tehsil last week where he addressed the villagers during an interval planned between operations.\"We reiterated our appeal to the people to have faith in the government policies and police force. The appeal did not mean that we wanted anyone as informer but definitely we appealed for moral support,\" said Prabhu. It was at Jimulgatta where Naxals had earlier organized a massive 'jan adalat' and conducted a 'trial' of the three villagers.Prabhu also stated that the tribal were also urged to keep tab on the acts of the security forces. \"If there is a grievance against any of our personnel then too they should share it with us and keep the department posted. We will also address their complaints against the department,\" said Prabhu. He added that the tribals had been assured there would be no framing anyone in false cases.The forces are also planning their operations in such a manner that their actions cover substantial hours post sunset in the remote areas and jungles. The latest encounter on Tuesday night between Naxalites and security forces on Gondia border late in the evening underlined the fact. The indication of such operations and increase of police movement in villages after the sundown was strong when the state director general of police K Subramaniam spoke to the media after completing a visit to Gadchiroli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "13877653", "title": "Politicians view dirty picture on Calangute beach", "text": "CANDOLIM: Following a report on the filthy garbage conditions on Calangute beach which appeared in TOI on Tuesday, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar immediately phoned Calangute MLA Michael Lobo to get more details and later visited the beach to see for himself the garbage situation in Calangute and find a solution to the problem.Parulekar is taking steps to involve the village panchayats of Calangute and Candolim in the waste management of the beaches since the Calangute-Candolim stretch is the most visited tourist area in Goa. More than 50% of all the shacks allotted by the department of tourism in Goa are erected on this beach belt. But because of administrative and procedural reasons, the government has been unable to appoint a contractor to collect the garbage generated by these shacks. Garbage from the interior areas of these villages is handled by the village panchayats. It is now proposed that, as an exception, the village panchayats will also collect the garbage from the shacks, in these two villages.In the absence of any garbage clearance from the shacks, most shack operators simply dump their garbage in the bushes behind the shacks, while others bury or burn the waste and some secretly dump their waste anywhere.Lobo also said that he has asked Parulekar to change the shack policy to facilitate this since as per the present policy the tourism department has to clear the garbage. \"From this coming season shack operators will have to buy two big bins, one for wet waste and one for dry waste to be kept for each shack. It will be part of the licencing terms and the shack-operator will have to show the receipt proving purchase of these dust-bins before he is allotted a shack,\" Lobo said. Parulekar has promised to consider the proposal.The state government is considering a Union tourism ministry proposal for a 3m wide walking pathway on the entire beach stretch from Aguada to Baga. This pathway is planned on the government-owned beach land behind the shacks and is to be made of an environmentally-friendly material. The pathway will also enable tourists to access changing rooms, toilets and showers being planned at intervals of every few hundreds metres on the beach.Besides it will also be easier for workers to collect garbage from the shacks. \"All this will enable us to make the area a world-class tourist destination,\" says Lobo. Sarpanch of Calangute Anna Marie D'Souza, panch member Joseph Sequeira besides others also accompanied Parulekar and Lobo on their visit to the beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13896079", "title": "Navya to go off air", "text": "Producer Siddarth Kumar Tewary's daily soap Navya, which was shifted to 6.00 pm from its original prime time slot, is finally going off air. The last episode will air on June 29.The show was talked about for highlighting the parents-children relationship and the problems the two parties face quite often due to generation and communication gap. The show also highlighted the romance between Anant (Shaheer Sheikh) and Navya (Saumya Seth) and how their parents, initially against their love, eventually agree and solemnise their wedding. Navya completed a year in April, 2012 and enjoyed loyal viewership.Producer Siddarth Kumar Tewary confirmed the news. Well the producer has given many acclaimed shows like Agle Janam Mohe Bitiya Na Kijo and Phulwa so we are sure that they will soon come up with a new path breaking show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13883032", "title": "IG orders suspension of Jaitpura SO", "text": "VARANASI: IG Brij Bhushan ordered suspension of the station officer of Jaitpura on Wednesday for dereliction of duty, poor maintenance of record and showing no interest in solving public complaints.After a series of inspections and meetings with officers, Brij Bhushan said: \"An overall improvement in the law and order scene and working of police had improved in one month. However, everything is not up to the mark which was exposed during the inspection of Jaitpura police station.\" The IG said that he had ordered suspension of SO Jaitpura as he has no interest in handling the public grievances and unable to implement the directives issued by the SSP.The IG reached the police lines in the morning and took stock of the maintenance of arms and records and also checked the status of anti-riot equipment. He said that such equipment have been distributed to police stations. Some sophisticated weapons and equipment have not been used so far.During the crime review meeting, the IG claimed that there is improvement in law and order scene. He pulled up his subordinates for failing to work out some major criminal cases like loot at Adampur police station, delay in recovery of missing girls and rising number of vehicle thefts cases. He said that the officials were asked to take public grievances seriously and solve the complaints on priority basis. He said that revival of the beat system and ensuring preventive action like nabbing of criminals are yielding positive results and more improvement is needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13895250", "title": "Tamil Nadu chief minister demands Chidambaram\u2019s resignation", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday demanded the resignation of Union home minister P Chidambaram following the Madras High Court's refusal to entirely strike off a petition by an AIADMK's losing candidate challenging PC's election from the Sivaganga constituency in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls.Barely two hours after the court's ruling, the Tamil Nadu chief minister issued a strongly-worded statement demanding Chidambaram's resignation. \"If Chidambaram fails to resign, the Prime Minister should ask him to quit,\" she said. Stating that the election was not conducted in a fair manner, she said, \"The fact that Chidambaram is functioning as a minister is a disgrace to democracy. The AIADMK's stand is that Chidambaram won the election through fraudulent means.\"Jayalalithaa said she had stated soon after the results were declared for the Sivaganga constituency that Chidambaram had in fact lost the election and had been declared election through undemocratic means. \"I reiterated this again last year and demanded that he should resign.\" The AIADMK candidate R S Raja Kannappan, who had lost the election against Chidambaram by a narrow margin of about 3,000 votes, filed a petition in the High Court claiming irregularities in the declaration of results for the Sivaganga constituency.Relations between chief minister Jayalalithaa and Chidambaram have been far from smooth. However, the two leaders were seen exchanging pleasantries briefly during the chief ministers' conference held in New Delhi recently. UPA ally and DMK chief M Karunanidhi is yet to react to the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13877345", "title": "JDA shelves proposal to develop 'woodlands'", "text": "JAIPUR: Citing non-availability of land, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has shelved the proposal of developing 'woodland' areas in its vicinity to make the city green and reduce pollution.To restore the ecological balance, the JDA has proposed to plant around 5 lakh different species of trees in six woodland areas. In this regard, the zone commissioners were directed to identify government-owned land to develop greener pastures. However, no land has been allotted to the horticulture department till date.Dharamveer Singh, senior horticulturist, said, \"For this year, the proposal to develop the woodland park has been shelved as according to the reports no government land is available.\"The JDA requires approximately 10-20 hectares of land to develop each park. The large-scale planting idea was floated to compensate the felling of trees for other JDA projects.Also, officials were directed to look for land on Sikar Road, Shivdasdaspura Road, Delhi-Jaipur-Kalwar Road and Jamwa Ramgarh Road. \"The horticulture wing sent several reminders to the zone commissioners, however, most of them have not responded.Also, in the beginning of this year, the Jaipur Development Commissioner (JDC), Kuldeep Ranka made an effort and directed the zone commissioners to search land for parks, as per Master Plan-2025,\" said a source.Experts believe, as the city has been expanding the surrounding green belts, ecological areas are being destroyed due to real estate demand.The JDA proposed to develop woodlands at various open spaces in the city as these areas require less water for maintenance compared to lawn and shrub plantations.Sources claimed, due to apathy of the authority the proposal is biting dust. \"The enforcement wing has removed encroachments from so many government lands this year. However, none of them are being considered for woodlands. If large chunks of land are not available, the pastures should be developed on the available government land.\"Officials also believed the failure of the project has played a spoilsport for the Harit Rajasthan Campaign launched by CM Ashok Gehlot .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13892715", "title": "Pot smoking pics changed life overnight for Kristen", "text": "Kristen Stewart has revealed that she was given a major reality check after getting clicked while smoking pot at the start of her career and insists that the controversial snap changed her life \"instantly\".The actress was just 18 years old when she was photographed lighting up a marijuana pipe with her then-boyfriend Michael Angarano .The shocking photos hit the tabloids just days after the 22-year-old star's first Twilight film was released.Stewart admits that the scandal was the wake-up call she needed about life in the spotlight.\"You can Google my name and one of the first things that comes up is images of me sitting on my front porch smoking a pipe with my ex-boyfriend and my dog,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling Vanity Fair.\"It was (taken) the day the movie (Twilight) came out. I was no one. I was a kid. I had just turned 18. In (the tabloids) the next day it was like I was a delinquent slimy idiot, whereas I'm kind of a weirdo, creative Valley Girl who smokes pot. Big deal. But that changed my daily life instantly. I didn't go out in my underwear anymore,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13881262", "title": "Extension to Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya officiating V-C Rajkamal", "text": "INDORE: Unable to take a final call on the names suggested by vice-chancellor search panel for the Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV), governor of the state Ramnaresh Yadav, on Wednesday, extended the tenure of officiating vice-chancellor Dr Rajkamal till further orders.Wednesday was the last day to decide the name of the new VC for the varsity. The decision is seen as major blow to the aspiring candidates who were waiting for the announcement. The search panel had given a list of the probable candidates for the post on May 20, on which the governor had to take a final call. The members namely I V Trivedi, Sudarshan Sharma and SP Dixit had forwarded list of three to five names to the governor in a sealed envelope but no decision was taken in more than two weeks of time.On January 21, the executive committee had nominated Indra Vardhan Trivedi, vice-chancellor of Mohan Lal Sukhadia University (MLSU), as its representative for V-C search panel while UGC chairman's representative was RR Sharma and retired justice of Allahabad high court, Shiv Charan Sharma represented the Raj Bhawan. Justice Sharma was also nominated as chairman of the panel. However, the Raj Bhawan received a jolt when UGC representative RR Sharma quit as a member of the panel. Following his resignation, UGC nominated former vice-chancellor of IGNOU, HP Dixit, as its new representative in the VC search panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "13883354", "title": "Lokayukta seeks inquiry into charges against former speaker", "text": "PANIPAT: Haryana Lokayukta has ordered the state home department to conduct an inquiry in the criminal charges leveled against former assembly speaker and senior Indian National Lok Dal leader Satbir Singh Kadyan.A Panipat resident had approached the lokayukta accusing Kadyan of hatching a murder conspiracy and amassing wealth by misusing his office. Haryana home secretary Samir Mathur on Wednesday confirmed the lokayukta orders and said that the state police department had been asked to conduct a probe.\"We have forwarded the communication to DGP Haryana for further investigation. The DGP has been asked to complete the probe in time,\" said Mathur. In the communication to Haryana government last month, the lokayukta had asked the home secretary to submit the probe report within 45 days so that proceedings could begin.Sandeep, a resident of Ugarkheri village, who remained the speaker of Haryana vidhan sabha between 2000 to 2005, had moved the lokayukta in April. Sandeep also claimed involvement of former speaker in two murder cases, including that of an old woman who lived in a posh area of Panipat. Sandeep alleged that the woman was murdered so that her house could be encroached upon.Supporting the allegations with an affidavit, Sandeep said that Kadiyan, during his tenure as speaker as well as an MLA, made properties valued over Rs 100 crore.The complaint submitted to the lokayukta claimed that Kadiyan had bought a filling station in the name of his wife Bimla, 300 acres of agricultural land in Uttar Pradesh, a residence in Sector 12, Panipat; two plots in Kundli in Sonipat, three acres in Badola village in Panipat, a flat and a resort in Gurgaon and a commercial plot in Sector 11-12 in Gurgaon, a plot in Kesar Zone in Faridabad, a house in Dehradun and a number of unnamed properties. When contacted, Satbir Kadiyan refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13880849", "title": "10 lakh Indians suffer from burns every year", "text": "NEW DELHI: Death due to burns - both at home and at workplace \u2014 has become a serious public health menace.The World Health Organization's (WHO) latest figures that were released on Wednesday says nearly 1.95 lakh deaths every year are caused by burns. Women in the south-east Asian region have the highest rate of burns, accounting for 27% of global burn deaths and nearly 70% of fatalities in the region.According to WHO, in India, over 10 lakh people are moderately or severely burnt every year.Along with adult women, children are particularly vulnerable to burns. Burns are the 11th leading cause of death of children aged between one and nine years and are also the fifth most common cause of non-fatal childhood injuries.While a major risk is improper adult supervision, a considerable number of burn injuries in children result from child maltreatment.WHO says, \"Non-fatal burn injuries are a leading cause of morbidity even though burns are preventable. Burns are a global public health problem accounting for an estimated 195, 000 deaths annually. In many high-income countries, burn death rates have been decreasing, and the rate of child deaths from burns is currently over seven times higher in low and middle-income countries than in high-income countries.\"Burn injuries have finally got the Union health ministry's attention.The ministry has prepared a Rs 2,933-crore national programme against burn injuries.Around 150 government medical colleges and 492 district hospitals would be equipped and trained to effectively treat burn cases and put in place treatment wards by the end of 2017.The ministry says India records 70 lakh burn injury cases annually of which 1.4 lakh people die of burn every year. Around 70% of all burn injuries occur in most productive age group (15-35 years). Around four out of five burnt cases are women and children.As many as 80% of cases admitted are a result of accidents at home (kitchen-related incidents).The programme note says, \"Among all traumas, burn cases have highest duration of hospital bed occupancy. Cost of hospitalized burn injury case management is extremely high which may cost enormous financial burden to the country. The rehabilitation of the individual may be a challenging and daunting task.\"A six-day training programme for surgeons/medical officers at medical colleges have been prepared. Burn Injury Management protocol is being prepared by experts and will be distributed to all the states soon.Under the plan, each district will be provided with an advanced life support (ALS) system ambulance. This will create a burn support system for the village and will be utilized to transport serious burn patients from the place of injury to district or designated burn units. Ambulance drivers, nursing staff and dressers will be trained in first aid to burn cases for ambulance drivers. Two surgeons from each district will be trained by the Burns and Plastic surgeons at RML Hospital, LNJP Hospital or Safdarjung Hospital.To restore the burn patients back into society, rehabilitation services will be provided at district and state levels.A National Burn Registry would be formulated by the Central Health Education Bureau based on the availability of data through a regular feedback mechanism of reporting.In Bangladesh, Colombia, Egypt and Pakistan, 17% of children with burns have a temporary disability and 18% have a permanent disability. Burns are the second most common injury in rural Nepal, accounting for 5% of disabilities. WHO explains, \"Females suffer burns more frequently than males. The high risk for females is associated with open fire cooking, or inherently unsafe cook stoves, which can ignite loose clothing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "13879076", "title": "Trinamool Congress worker accused of torturing wife", "text": "MALDA: A Trinamool Congress worker has been accused of torturing his wife. While police are yet to take any action, a complaint has been lodged before the subdivisional court.Pinki Ghosh of Kutubpur, under English Bazaar police station, got married to Manas Singh of Kothabari in 2004. Pinki's father Ramchandra Ghosh, a small trader, claimed that at least Rs 1 lakh was spent during the marriage, though there was no demand for dowry at the time of the marriage.\"After two years, Pinki's in-laws started demanding money which was getting difficult for me to arrange. Pinki also gave birth to a daughter, Sohani, who is now 2-years-old,\" said Ghosh.He alleged that after the birth of Sohani, they started pressurizing Pinki more for money. \"On May 25, when they tried to kill my daughter by putting her head in the gas oven, Pinki somehow managed to flee leaving her daughter there,\" Ghosh said. She took shelter at her parents' place on that night.The next day she lodged a complaint against her in-laws with the English Bazaar police station. The SP said that the Singhs are absconding.Sources said the Singhs are at large and haven taken Pinki's daughter with them before leaving the place.Manas, son of Swapan and Lili Singh, recently joined Trinamool. He was earlier a supporter of CPM. His mother has also become the leader of the party's women wing. The victim's family members alleged that the cops did not take any action against the Singhs because of their political connection. The cops did not even take any step to rescue her daughter. It is alleged that the political identity of the accused persons came in the way of police action.Sources said that Pinki has lodged a complaint before the Sub Divisional Magistrate's court a couple of days back. Police were asked to take action but no arrest has been made so far. SP Jayanta Pal said: \"We have received the complaint and begun our probe. But the Singhs are absconding. We are looking for them.\" Though, he denied reports of political influence for cops' inaction.Biswajit Roy, the youth TMC leader, said: \"Such a complaint should not be ignored. It is going against the spirit of Mamata Banerjee-government. If police don't act, we'll take action against the accused.\"Allegation of torture on house wife was raised against a Trinamool Congress worker has rocked the district while police refused to take any action. The victim has run out of in-law house to save her life and lodged a complaint to Sub Divisional court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13886688", "title": "Sikhs in UK to serve langar during Olympic Torch Relay", "text": "AMRITSAR: The Sikhs in UK will serve langar (food prepared in Sikh's community kitchen) along the route of the Olympic Torch Relay on July 21, informed United Sikh's Project Director Langar, 2012 Mejindarpal Kaur on Wednesday.She said the organization had held an exhibition as a pre-event to celebrate the Olympic Torch Relay in which the 101-year-old Fauja Singh had also participated.The exhibition by Australian artist, Daniel Connell, titled: Identity: Sikhs Embracing Diversity, was held at the Gurdwara Sri Guru Singh Sabha Southall, London, to showcase the Sikh identity, during the Queeen's Diamond Jubilee weekend.She also said that the drawings were not of martyrs but of ordinary Sikh men who had recently migrated from Punjab to Adelaide in Australia. \"United Sikhs will work with Sikh gurdwaras and individuals in the UK and from around the world by serving langar during the London Olympic Torch Relay when Fauja Singh will carry the Olympic Torch. Fauja Singh is the community's gift to the world,\" said project manager for Langar 2012 Parvinder Kaur.Parvinder informed that in order to engage the Sikh community in the UK for Langar 2012 they were holding a series of pre-events. Moreover, the exhibition by Australian artist Daniel Connell had proved to be a good start for a dialogue in the community about what it needs to do to showcase its identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13882031", "title": "Women in Chandigarh want no flab, flock to cosmetologists", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city women are showing no tolerance for the unwanted flab. If you think only obese women desire losing that excess fat, you may be wrong, because even the lean ones with saddle bags on thighs, a double chin or slightly heavy arms are flocking cosmetic surgeons for liposuction\"which was a method to remove excess fat among obese people so far.Doctors attribute the trend to the popular practice of sharing pictures on the web which makes people conscious of their body contour. \"The city which has had a generally overweight population is witnessing this new trend, particularly among women, who want to fit into every outfits, be it a mini-skirt or a bikini. Liposuction is not only limited to abdominoplasty (tummy tucking),\"says Dr K M Kapoor, cosmetic surgeon at a private hospital.The body parts where fat is resistant to exercise and dieting are preferred for such cosmetic surgeries. \"Young unmarried women are preferring to take counseling regarding liposuction which is a surgical process preferred for focal areas alone. This implies that liposuction on small body portions which disfigure due to excess fat deposit is more successful than it is on a larger body portion,\" says Dr Surinder Singh Makkar, a senior cosmetic surgeon in a private hospital.A few kilos in and around her arms had been troubling 27-year-old software engineer Kirti Rana, who is tall and doesn\"t look overweight. But, she has decided to undergo liposuction before marriage. \"I had been dieting only for the undesirable fat on my arms and finally, decided to go in for liposuction,\" she says.Even the mothers in their late 30s are seeking advice regarding breast uplift, removal of stretch marks and a complete make over post pregnancy. \"Nowadays, young mothers like to defy age. They come after few months of delivery for breast correction, liposuction and skin tightening. But, it is advisable to go for addominoplasty after 3 months of delivery and to wait a year before going for breast correction,\" adds Dr Kapoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13899403", "title": "India add 10 gold on 2nd day in Commonwealth Weightlifting", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian weightlifters continued their gold rush in the Commonwealth Championships, bagging 10 more yellow metals among 16 medals on the second day of the competition at Apia, Samoa on Thursday.After the second day, India's medal tally swell to 31, including 21 gold. India had won 15 medals, including 11 gold, on the first day.Laishram Monika Devi led the gold rush by winning the senior women's 69kg category event with a total lift of 207kg (96+111).Rustam Sarang (senior men's 62kg), N Sunil Kumar (senior men's 69kg) and Rajwant Kaur (senior women's 63kg) also won gold in their respective categories.Sarang lifted 260kg (116+144) for the gold while Sunil and Rajwant had efforts of 278kg (126+152) and 172kg (76+96), respectively.The Commonwealth Championship is being held for Youth (Boys and Girls), Junior (Men and Women) and Senior (Men and Women) categories simultaneously.Other gold winners were Sorom Hitlar Tagru (youth boys 62kg), Kojum Taba (youth boys 69kg), Y M Nafisa (youth girl's 69kg), Achyutananda Sahoo (junior men's 62kg), Rakhi Halder (junior women's 63kg) and Oinam Geeta Devi (junior women's 69kg).The silver medal winners were D Senthamizh Selvan (senior men's 62kg), Sambo Lapung (youth boy's 69kg), Swapna Priya Baruah (youth girl's 69kg) and Srinivasan Manivannan (junior men's 62kg).Subhasmita Mohanty (youth girl's 63kg) and Jasvir Kaur (junior women's 63kg) won a bronze each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13883475", "title": "Citizens hook on to rooftop mode to harvest rain water this summer", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In their contribution towards depleting ground water level, residents of Allahabad are making efforts to get roof top rainwater harvesting system installed. Despite the fact that state government has sought a list of government and semi-government buildings' where roof top rain water harvesting system are installed, individuals are making their own efforts to get it done on priority basis.In fact, Roof Top Rain Water Harvesting system has become quite popular among citizens and even private institutions are adopting roof top rain water harvesting as it is the technique through which rain water is captured from the roof catchments and stored in reservoirs. Harvested rain water can be stored in sub-surface ground water reservoir by adopting artificial recharge techniques to meet the household needs through storage in tanks.The need for Rooftop Rain Water Harvesting has been felt is to meet the ever-increasing demand for water and to reduce the runoff, which chokes storm drains. It also helps in reducing ground water pollution as well as efficient in improving the quality of ground water.A city-based educationist, Dr Kaushal Tiwari has installed rain water harvesting system at his educational institutions. Not only Tiwari, other city-based apartments, buildings and individuals have too stressed to get the water harvesting mechanism installed. Till date, over a dozen private institutions are working to adopt the similar technique finding it suitable for restoring water resources. A Bangalore-based firm has successfully installed rainwater harvesting system at a private engineering college and other buildings.Executive engineer, Ground Water Department, HB Samvedi says, \"Rainwater improves the quality of ground water through dilution when recharged to ground water and is also less expensive. Rainwater harvesting systems are simple, which can be adopted by individuals and are also easy to construct, operate and maintain.\"Samvedi further maintained that the state authorities are preparing a list of government, semi-government buildings, where the roof-top rainwater harvesting system would be installed.In the same regard, chief secretary Jawed Usmani has sought a list from divisional commissioners, district magistrates, vice-chairpersons of various development authorities across the state to submit their list with details like name of building and its location, year of manufacturing of recharge system, area of roof, depth of recharge well, whether recharge system is working or not and annual inspection report.A rainwater system must include installation of an overflow pipe which empties into a non-flooding area. Excess water may also be used for recharging the aquifer through dug well or abandoned hand pumps or tubewell etc.The urban people can also make soak-pits or rainwater collection tanks on the terrace of their houses. The water can be sent to bore-well through a pipeline to recharge the groundwater. Tree plantation also helps in recharging groundwater.PK Bhattacharjee, an expert in installation of roof top rainwater harvesting system, says, \"Rainwater collected on the roof is very pure and clean. However, there are many substances, which get mixed with this pure water on the roof (leaves, dust etc.).\" He added these impurities need to be filtered before the rainwater is stored. An important feature in filtering rainwater is the separation of the first flush of rainwater from the relatively cleaner and purer subsequent rain. Pop-up filter is a simple device, which is very effective and user friendly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13882125", "title": "Petrol could become cheaper by 80 paise", "text": "PUNE: Petrol may become cheaper in the city by around 80 paise per litre, if the elected members of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) take a decision to reduce octroi on the fuel.The civic body charges 2% octroi on petrol. A proposal has been submitted to the standing committee to reduce the octroi by around 1%. The proposal will be discussed in the standing committee meeting scheduled on Friday.\"We are ready to reduce octroi provided the petrol dealers' association agrees to pass on the benefit to consumers,\" said Subhash Jagtap, leader of the house in PMC, on Wednesday. \"If the proposal is passed, petrol price will reduce by around 80 paise per litre,\" he said, adding that a total abolition of octroi on petrol was not possible.The civic body charges 2% octroi which works out to Rs 1.50 per litre of petrol. It fetches revenue of around Rs 40 crore per annum for the civic body. Some elected members had submitted a proposal to reduce the octroi by 1%.Ali Daruwala, a representative of the Petrol Dealers Association, said \"We have communicated our support to the civic body's move. All the necessary steps will be taken to pass on the benefit of reduced octroi to the consumers.\"Meanwhile, a similar proposal had come up before the standing committee earlier too, but the political leadership in the city did not take it to the logical conclusion.The standing committee in June 2011 had decided to reduce octroi on petrol and diesel by 1%. However, the proposal suggesting a reduction in octroi on petrol was shelved last November when it came up for approval before the general body.In fact, some leaders had demanded that octroi be dropped altogether, which would have reduced petrol prices in the city by Rs 1.50 per litre.\"A total abolition of octroi on petrol is not possible. The PMC does not have the power to totally abolish octroi on any commodity. Such a move has to come from the state government. What the PMC can do is to charge minimum octroi, which is 1%,\" said Jagtap.The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) charges 2.5% octroi on petrol and diesel. About eight months ago, the civic general body had approved a resolution to waive off octroi on domestic liquefied petroleum gas and reduce octroi on petrol and diesel from 2.5% to 1%. The resolution has been sent to the state government for approval. Since it has not been approved yet, there has been no change in the octroi rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13883486", "title": "Pak CJ begins hearing graft case against son", "text": "ISLAMABAD:Pakistan's Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry, on Wednesday began hearing a corruption case against his own son. The top judge's son, Dr Arsalan Iftikhar, is accused of receiving $4.5 million from a property tycoon close to President Zardari to influence the court.Justice Iftikhar, who was a figurehead of the lawyers' movement against the Musharraf regime, has refused to step down from the bench hearing the case. He said if his son is guilty, he will be punished. Attorney General Irfan Qadir had raised objections to Chaudhry heading the bench.The CJ, however, said since it was not a political case, he will not step down. Before the hearing, Arsalan Iftikhar told reporters the allegations of corruption against him were baseless.The chief justice took suo motu notice of media reports about his son's extravagant spending and lavish foreign trips for dubious business deals. Some reports even suggested that property tycoon, Malik Riaz, had shared evidence with journalists.\"The person who gave money to Iftikhar's son has already confessed. Everything is documented. CJ's son has also accepted receiving money in private gatherings,\" claimed Pakistan's Jung Group's editor Shaheen Sehbai in a web video programme. Few years back, expresident Pervez Musharaf had accused Iftikhar Chaudhry of misusing his authority to give his son a job.Reports said Dr Arsalan was showered with favours by the property tycoon in 2010 to influence the judicial process. When approached, Arsalan denied many of the allegations but confessed to some, saying it was part of business deals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13882618", "title": "Mohali murder case: Neki, Brandy get life sentence", "text": "MOHALI: It could be a plot straight out of a Bollywood potboiler \u2014 husband and wife have strained relations for the last few years. One night wife insists her husband accompany her for a walk. On reaching a secluded spot, she calls her lover, who shoots the husband.The wife tries to portray it as a sudden attack but her call details and the driving licence of the killer, that had fallen on the crime spot, help police crack the case.In this sensational murder case of an engineer that had rocked Mohali around six years ago, a local court on Wednesday awarded life imprisonment to Neki Nalwa, wife of Sukhwinderjit Singh Gill, and her lover Himmat Singh Brandy. They were held guilty of hatching a conspiracy and killing Sukhwinderjit, who worked in QuarkCity. The sentence was passed by an additional district and sessions judge.Sukhwinderjit was shot dead by Brandy near his house, when he had gone out for a walk with his wife Neki on December 4, 2005 at around 10.10pm. However, Neki and Brandy were arrested after a few days, and they have been in jail since their arrest in 2005.\"Neki was not on good terms with her husband and their divorce petition was also lying pending in court. They were living like strangers under the same roof,\" Vijay Singla, public prosecutor, Mohali court told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "barmer", "code": "13877248", "title": "Congress MLA alleges blackmailing over sleaze CD", "text": "BARMER: Barmer legislator Mewaram Jain on Wednesday lodged a complaint against the editor and two reporters of a local newspaper for allegedly blackmailing him with a threat to make public a CD that reportedly features a local Congressman in an illicit relation with a woman.For the past few days, the reports about the existence of a sleaze CD featuring a Congress legislator were doing the rounds in Barmer.According to Kotwali police station, the ruling party's legislator has now alleged in his complaint that the three scribes were demanding Rs 10 lakh from him in exchange for the CD.Barmer's Congress leaders, including ministers Hemaram Chaudhary and Amin Khan, Lok Sabha MP Harish Chaudhary and Jain himself met chief minister Ashok Gehlot in Jaipur on Wednesday. Another Congress legislator from Barmer's Pachpadra constituency, Madan Prajapat confirmed to TOI about the meeting, but claimed that the sleaze CD matter was not discussed with the chief minister. \"This meeting was prescheduled and was about local issues like drinking water and not about any CD. I was to attend the meeting but could not go due to last minute personal engagements,\" said Prajapat. The Barmer's Kotwali police have booked the case under IPC sections 384, 385 and 500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13876635", "title": "Ratnakar Gaikwad takes over as chief information commissioner", "text": "MUMBAI: Former chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad will be the new chief information commissioner (CIC). A high level committee comprising chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and leader of opposition Eknath Khadse recommended Gaikwad's name for the coveted assignment. The recommendation will be submitted to governor K Sankaranarayanan for approval.Gaikwad, an IAS officer of the 1975 batch, retired on May 31. Since Gaikwad was not granted extension after his retirement, speculations were rife in bureaucratic circles that he will be appointed as the new CIC. As chief secretary, Gaikwad was instrumental in bringing about major changes and transparency in the bureaucracy. To ensure that bureaucrats implement government schemes in letter and in spirit, Gaikwad had developed a 'key area results' plan, under which a bureaucrat had to submit his monthly achievements and agenda as well.As CIC, the biggest challenge for Gaikwad will be to draft a comprehensive action plan to clear pending appeals and fill up vacant posts in the CIC office.The contenders for the post, along with Gaikwad, included former additional chief secretary (home) U C Sarangi, another retired additional chief secretary M Ramesh Kumar, former municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar, Aurangabad information commissioner D B Deshpande and his Amravati counterpart Bhaskar Patil. The committee, however, selected Gaikwad.Ever since Vilas Patil retired on July 11, 2011, the post of CIC has been lying vacant. In fact, Khadse had personally taken it up with the CM, saying that not only the post of CIC, but all the vacant posts of information commissioners should be filled up.Currently, information commission offices in Pune, Mumbai and Navi Mumbai are lying vacant.A senior general administration department official said that for the three post of ICs, over 70 persons, including former DGP Ajit Parasnis, former chief secretary J P Dange, additional chief secretary Anna Dani and retired bureaucrat Leena Mehandale have submitted applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13883393", "title": "Apna Ghar: Advocate who moved PIL slams shifting of inmates elsewhere", "text": "ROHTAK: Outraged at the shifting of all inmates from the Rohtak shelter home, Apna Ghar, which had turned out to be a horror home for its inmates, the Punjab and Haryana high court advocate Utsav Singh Bains, who has filed a PIL in the case, said that the administration seemed to have transferred them in a bid to conceal evidences of sexual abuse of victim girls and to scuttle the probe.Bains, who visited Rohtak on Wednesday with a team of four advocates constituted by the high court following his PIL, stated that it was not a mere coincidence that the administration shifted the girls from Apna Ghar on the day he approached the court seeking probe as police and administration's investigations had turned shoddy.Suspecting collusion and connivance of local officials with Bharat Vikas Sangh chief Jaswanti Devi, Bains demanded a probe by CBI in the case under an officer of impeccable integrity. \"These officials had been conferring and recommending awards and honours to Jaswanti, citing her contribution towards empowerment of women. How can these officials be fair in the probe against a woman whom they had given so much favour in the past\", he questioned while alleging that the shifting of victims from Apna Ghar is an apparent bid to shield the accused Jaswanti.Urging the state government to dismiss the officials who had promoted and protected the accused, the lawyer-activist alleged that the administration again failed to get the medical examination of the victim girls done and only eight girls were sent to PGI Chandigarh for examination even after HC directions in this regard.Without denying reports of sexual abuse of girls by Haryana cops, which has appeared in a section of media, he said that Haryana government must take steps to rehabilitate these girls by providing them shelter and ensuring education and jobs as per their requirements. \"The state needs to come up with a special policy for these children, aimed at healing their wounds and undoing their miseries\", he stated.Rohtak deputy commissioner Vikas Gupta however denied the allegations, stating that there was no specific scheme to run Apna ghar with the administration at present. \"We have deployed anangwari workers and other women and child welfare department staff temporarily after the raid by NCPCR. Since this adversely affects work at other places, we decided to shift the girls to other shelter homes at different places,\" he said, adding that a probe was in progress and nobody would be spared if found guilty of wrongdoing.He also said that charges about the sexual abuse of girls by cops would also be investigated.BOX'Involve khap panchayats'Seeking the involvement of khap panchayats in running the orphanage homes, advocate Bains said that girls would be safer in the hands of community elders. \"Our rural panchayat system is very strong, who can never tolerate or allow such kind of things. This incident has thrown a serious challenge to our society which needed to be addressed immediately\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13880456", "title": "Government tells Supreme Court it had no role in Fasih Mahmood\u2019s \u2018arrest\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mystery behind the disappearance of Indian engineer Fasih Mahmood, a suspect in Bangalore's Chinnaswamy Stadium blast case, in Saudi Arabia deepened on Wednesday with the Centre telling the Supreme Court that its agencies had no role in his alleged arrest on May 13.Fasih's wife Nikhat Parveen had alleged that Saudi Arabian police accompanied by plain-clothed Indian intelligence personnel had arrested him from their Al Jubair residence on May 13 and since then there had been no news of him save a single brief phone call conveying that he had been arrested.Responding to the court's notice, additional solicitor general (ASG) Gaurab Banerjee told a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and J S Khehar that its investigating agencies neither accompanied Saudi Arabian police in effecting the alleged arrest nor had he been brought to India.Banerjee said ministry of external affairs (MEA) officials had been trying their best to elicit information from Saudi Arabian authorities about Fasih. \"The external affairs secretary and the home secretary have conveyed that neither Indian agencies nor its officials were part of any alleged action to arrest Fasih in Saudi Arabia. It is not correct to say that Indian police arrested him. He is not in India,\" he said.The ASG said the Indian ambassador in Riyadh took prompt action after a news item reported about Fasih's alleged arrest and had written to Saudi Arabian government on May 16 seeking his whereabouts. \"We have issued a reminder on May 31 but the Indian government is yet to get a response from its Saudi Arabian counterparts,\" Banerjee said.Banerjee said the MEA summoned the Saudi Arabian ambassador for a meeting on Wednesday on this issue and that the Indian ambassador in Riyadh was seeking an urgent meeting with the authorities there for finding Fasih's whereabouts.The ASG informed the court that the CBI had issued a red corner notice against Fasih, who hails from Darbhanga in Bihar, on May 30. This could rule out the red corner notice being the reason behind Fasih's arrest on May 13.After reading the contents of the red corner notice issued by CBI as Interpol member, the bench said: \"No doubt the allegations (against Fasih) are serious, but we would like to know where he is. But, if he is not in India we cannot issue a direction on the habeas corpus petition.\" The court asked the Centre to get back on Monday with whatever response it receives from Saudi Arabia.The Interpol red corner notice said that Fasih's name surfaced during investigations into the blasts allegedly triggered by Indian Mujahideen at Pune's German Bakery on February 13, 2010, two blasts in Bangalore's \u2014 one at the Chinnaswamy stadium and the other at the office of Additional Director General of Police - on April 17, 2010, and the Jama Masjid shootout and blast in Delhi on September 19, 2010.The May 30 red corner notice alleged: \"During the course of (Bangalore blasts) investigation, 7 persons were arrested and interrogated. They voluntarily confessed that they along with Fasih Mehmood and other absconders belong to banned outfit Indian Mujahideen....The absconding accused Fasih Mehmood is an active member of Indian Mujahideen since 2003. At present, the absconding accused Fasih Mehmood is hiding in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13875097", "title": "MIDC murder foxes Nagpur Police", "text": "NAGPUR: Blood stains noticed by the neighbours brought to light the alleged murder of a youth by his elder brother at Amar Nagar under the jurisdiction of MIDC police station on Wednesday evening. However, police failed to find the body and the alleged accused is also missing.Police sources said that Savitri, wife of the accused, had told them that her husband Rajaram Bandewar had confessed to her that he had killed his brother Radheshyam, in his 30s. She claimed she is clueless about where he disposed of the body. Sources informed that Savitri also told the police that her husband suspected Radheshyam of having an illicit relationship with her and hence killed him.While the cops were checking the spot, Bandewar, who is in his 40s, had called his youngest brother and told him that he had killed Radheshyam and asked him not to tell anything to police. On Wednesday morning, the neighbours heard Savitri crying loudly. When they enquired with her they were shocked to see the blood stains near Radheshyam's room. On further questioning, Savitri revealed the facts to them. People immediately alerted MIDC police.Police said that they checked the nearby areas but failed to find Radheshyam's body. \"We are trying to contact Bandewar but his cellphone is out of coverage area,\" said police. According to the Savitri's statement, Bandewar insisted that she go to her maternal house at Chhindwara in Madhya Pradesh on Saturday.She left home with their two children and returned on Monday and saw bloodstains at Radheshyam's room. On being asked, Bandewar told her that he had murdered Radheshyam and warned her not to tell that to anyone. \"Savitri was shocked and frightened and kept silent till Tuesday. The matter came to light when she could no longer hide her emotions,\" said the source.On Tuesday evening, Bandewar fled from home. Savitri tried to call him but he didn't receive her calls. Savitiri then narrated the incident to neighbours. Police are still questioning Savitri and Bandewar's youngest brother, Supnil, who stays in a rented room in same area. He confirmed he had received a call from Bandewar around 2 pm on Wednesday. Bandewar told him he had killed Radheshyam and had fled from home. Bandewar warned him also not to inform the police but didn't tell him what he did with body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13876835", "title": "Lens on Alistair Pereira \u2018driving\u2019 in jail area", "text": "MUMBAI: The state home department has ordered a probe into reports that Alistair Pereira, convicted in a 2006 hit-and-run case in which seven persons were killed, had been seen driving his car in the Nashik prison's restricted area. The directives were issued by home minister R R Patil . Pereira is out of jail on parole.\"A three-member panel will probe the reports that Pereira drove his car till the Nashik Jail's entry gate, which is a restricted area,\" a senior home department official said. The order comes following a news channel report. Reportedly, one has to cross two gates and equal number of barricades before reaching the main entry gate of the jail.\"Private vehicles are not allowed beyond the first gate. \" the official added. \"The panel will submit its report to Patil and disciplinary action will be initiated accordingly against erring staff,\" he said.In 2007, a sessions court awarded Pereira six months' imprisonment and imposed a fine of Rs 5 lakh that was to be paid to the victims of the accident. The accused challenged the verdict before the Bombay high court, which confirmed his conviction and enhanced the sentence to three years. Later, Pereira approached the Supreme Court, but the apex court upheld a HC verdict, following which the accused was sent to Nashik Jail to serve his punishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13880763", "title": "Venus transit: Overcast sky veils celestial romance in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: The rare celestial phenomenon of Venus transiting the sun turned out to be a no-show in Bhopal as clouds took centre-stage, leaving hundreds of students and senior citizens in Bhopal disappointed.The Vigyan Bhawan in the heart of the city was abuzz with activity as hundreds of school children turned up to witness the rare spectacle at 6 am. Their excitement, however, soon turned into disappointment because of the clouds.\"We are really disappointed with what happened today. The clouds played spoilsport,\" Ankit Verma, a disappointed student said. Realising the cloudy conditions, the Madhya Pradesh Council of Science and Technology (MPCST) has made special arrangements by connecting the link to the Kolkata and broadcast a live coverage.\"We broadcast the live coverage of the Venus' transit happened in Kolkata,\" public relation officer of MPCST, Dherendra Pandey said. However, he added that it was a disappointment for enthusiasts owing to bad weather.\"We saw Venus as a tiny black spot during the live coverage. It was good to see it on the screen but we missed the opportunity to watch it through telescope. It was little disappointing,\" Class X student, Vishakha Gupta said.MPCST had made arrangements at Chinar Park and Mahatma Gandhi BHEL College. Students went to both venues early in the morning. I was waiting for this moment since I heard about it. However, I could not see the once in lifetime celestial activity,\" Class XII student Prayag Vishwakarma said.Another student added, \"This is once-in-a-lifetime event because it won't happen again for another 105 years or so. I thought I am lucky to have witnessed the amazing activity, but as luck would have it the clouds played spoilsport.\"The next Venus transit will happen after 105.5 years in 2117. The last transit of Venus occurred June 8, 2004 and was visible across India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880703", "title": "BEML told to pay 13 lakh relief for faulty machines", "text": "Chennai: Three Salem-based businessmen have been awarded Rs 13 lakh as compensation by the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission, New Delhi, in a complaint of deficient service lodged against the regional office of Bharath Earth Movers Limited (BEML) in Bangalore. A bench of Justice R C Jain, presiding member, and S K Naik, member, passed the order.In their complaint, K Yusuf Basha, K Shahnawaz and K Shoukath Ali, partners in a firm engaged in granite quarrying and export, said they bought four heavy earthmoving machines (hydraulic excavators) from BEML. The machines were put into operation in November and December 2007 and carried a warranty of one year or 2,000 hours of operation. In addition, BEML agreed to service the machinery after 250 hours and 500 hours of service respectively.The complainants said the machines began giving problems due to manufacturing defects and there were problems in the undercarriage and engine which consumed a lot of oil. BEML service engineers tried to repair the machines between November 1997 and February 1999, but the issues persisted. The complainants said they had to purchase spare parts on their own to replace defective parts.After going through the correspondence between the businessmen and BEML, the bench said that though an agreement was reached to supply spare parts in May 1998, it was evident that several defects had developed in the machines during the warranty period which required that certain components be replaced.This material \"unerringly\" showed that despite the service engineers attending to complaints, the defects could not be rectified due to delay in supply of spares. Though BEML said this was due to exigencies of service, the bench said the machines may have remained idle for various periods of time during the warranty period and this prompted the owners to purchase spare parts from the open market.The bench ordered a total compensation of Rs 13 lakh with interest at the rate of 9% a year from the date of the complaint. If the company fails to pay the sum in six weeks, the rate of interest would be enhanced to 12%, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13882335", "title": "Kadhe makes a move at the French Open", "text": "PUNE: Junior tennis player Arjun Kadhe and his Peruvian partner Jorge Brian Panta Herreros stunned third seeds Julien Cagnina ( Belgium ) and Luke Saville (Australia) 6-3, 7-6 (7/4) to enter the boys' doubles quarterfinals in the French Open at Roland Garros , Paris , on Wednesday.Pune-based Kadhe, 18, the senior National doubles champion, and Herreros, who are unseeded, wrapped up the first set in 20 minutes.In the second, their rivals put on a brave fight and when it looked like the third set was imminent the Indo-Peru duo raised the game to win the tiebreaker 7-4 and with that the second-round match. One of their opponents - Saville - is currently the World junior No. 1.This is Kadhe's career-best result in a junior (U-18 ) Grand Slam tournament.Kadhe and Herreros will now take on Australians Andrew Harris and Nick Kyrgios who defeated eight seeds Luke Bambridge (GBR) and Kaichi Uchida (Japan) 5-7, 6-4, 10-8 . Kadhe, who teamed up with Herreros for the very first time, told TOI, \"It was a good game. We actually upset the third seeds which was kind of unexpected. I hope we play in our naxt matches.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13894519", "title": "Man fatally knocked down in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A 48-year-old man was fatally knocked down by a vehicle at Vadapalani on 100-feet road, a few metres from the Vadapalani police station. The mishap occurred at 3.15am.Chennai Metro Rail employees who were at work heard a loud noise, and rushed to the spot. They found a man in a pool of blood, struggling for life. They informed police who in turn alerted the 108 ambulance.The man, who had fainted, was taken to the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital (KMCH), where doctors declared him 'dead on arrival'.Pondy Bazaar traffic investigation police have registered a case and launched a hunt for the vehicle which caused the accident, and its driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13878976", "title": "BMC evicts squatters near slum", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Wednesday removed squatters near the Malisahi red light area (ward no 43), sparking minor tension among the encroachers. Scrap vendors had encroached upon the thoroughfares behind Sriya cine complex since long.In the first phase, scrap and other makeshift shops were razed on both sides of a 500-metre road connecting Nilachal Hospital to Jai Kisan Market. Encroachers had occupied nearly 15 ft of the 25 ft wide road, leaving little space for commuters and motorists.\"Commuters had been facing difficulty in passing through the road. The area became unhygienic because of proliferation of scrap business in the locality,\" BMC mayor A N Jena said. \"Lots of anti-social activities were going on in the encroached areas,\" Jena said.Local corporator Guru Charan Sahoo said that the corporation recently repaired the road at a cost of Rs 45 lakh. \"But squatters usurped the road. The encroachments came on drain passing through the locality, leading to choking of the drain. The eviction was imperative to decongest the drain before monsoon,\" Sahoo said.\"We had been doing business here since long. BMC should rehabilitate us. The civic body is a turning blind eye to influential encroachers in city and targeting petty businessmen like us,\" Sahadeb Naik, a scrap vendor said.Earlier in the day, mayor Jena convened a preparatory meeting with engineers and sanitation officers on how to deal with the post-monsoon water-logging in the city.\"Drain de-silting work will be finished soon. Defunct drains will be repaired for smooth flow of storm water,\" Jena said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13896752", "title": "I'd love to do a period film again: Sonalee", "text": "Attempting a character that had no written reference was a challenge that Marathi actress Sonalee found both tough and exciting. But, in Nitin Chandrakant Desai's recently released Marathi film Ajintha, Sonalee pulled of playing Paro, the muse of Britisher Major Robert Gill, with sensitivity and an alluring sensuousness; not to miss the fact that she looked ravishing through out the film.\"It was this unknown part of Paro that was really challenging to play and emote,\" says Sonalee, adding, \"It was for the first time that I had to attempt a role that had no real reference. We did not find any material that was written on Paro . Just some mentions that when Major Gill rediscovered the caves, he was helped in his task of recreating the magic of the cave paintings by Paro and the villagers. The mannerisms, the expressions and the layers to her character I had to lend myself; this in itself is so exciting for an actress! In fact, I read and learnt so much about that period, during the making of the film that gradually I felt I could play Paro well.\"With no written or pictorial reference, Sonalee says that they relied on the paintings for her look in the film. \"We took a good look at the paintings of women depicted in the paintings and thus got the clothes, jewels, even the skin tone exactly like in the paintings and murals. That was such a surreal experience. Just the fact that I could give my own interpretation to Paro was so exciting. So, surely, I'd love to do a period film again!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13878167", "title": "Up bright and early to catch the transit", "text": "BANGALORE: Every time the sun emerged from behind the souffle of clouds on the windy Wednesday morning, hundreds of Bangaloreans at the Jawaharlal Nehru Planetarium cheered lustily. The sun's hide-and-seek added a tantalizing element to a rare transit of Venus.The rain clouds and gusty winds didn't dampen the spirits of thousand-odd enthusiasts as they got several chances to spot Venus as a speck on the face of the sun. Their beaming faces -- from 90-year-old R Jayalakshmi to 7-year-old Tarak -- said it all.Some of them came there at 5.45am and patiently waited for the clouds to clear. They got lucky only after 7am when the sun shone and the transit became clearly visible. There was a sprinkling of children, all of whom had bunked class to witness the event.The turnout, however, was lower than expected, as about 10,000 Bangaloreans had turned up for the last transit on June 8, 2004.Hundreds also witnessed the transit at the IISc campus, Lalbagh rock and Malleswaram 18th} Cross playground. Planetarium authorities had, with help of 20 volunteers, arranged for telescopic projection, welder's glasses and sun spotters, among other things.Jayalakshmi, a resident of Malleswaram, said: \"I've been reading about the transit for some time. I like to read about cosmic events. I missed the transit in 2004, and this is my last chance to see it. I got up around 5.30am and came here with my niece Maitreyi.\"For 35-year-old Chandar Jagdish, a resident of Indiranagar, it was an early family outing. Jagdish, a software engineer, reached the planetarium around 7.30am with wife Kamini, 6-year-old daughter Janani and 18-month-old son Ved who also caught up in the excitement.Aneesh, 10, and Tarak, 7, bunk classes, and were accompanied by parents Sumana and Kukke and grandmother Ganga Bhavani, 70. Said Tarak: \"I woke up around 4.30am. I spotted Venus as a little dot on the Sun. I told my teacher on Tuesday that I'd going to see the transit and wouldn't come to school.\"Akshobhya, 12, a resident of Basaveshwara Nagar and member of the planetarium took permission from school to come in late. \"I didn't want to miss this event,\" he said.Astrophysics students' deviceSuraj S and his friend Madan, students of astrophysics, with the planetarium to design a device to view the transit. \"We used a convex lens and a convex mirror. The lens focuses light onto the mirror and helps in a clear reflection. We can see sunspots more clearly,\" said Suraj. Madan, a differently challenged student, was a bit disappointed. He said: \"I'm angry with the weather gods. I had wished for clear skies to see the entire transit.\"No school excursionsAlthough it was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for children, no Bangalore school brought students to the planetarium. Said Vijay Kumar , 73: \"I'm disappointed that not a single school did it. They should have declared a holiday so more children could have come to witness this event. It's sad that many children lost this opportunity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi/lucknow", "code": "13880823", "title": "Finally, loyalist Pramod Tiwari shown the door as Congress legislative party in UP", "text": "NEW DELHI/LUCKNOW: Congress on Wednesday ejected Pramod Tiwari as the head of its legislator party in Uttar Pradesh, ending the well-networked legislator's two-decade reign that coincided with the party's decline in its stronghold. Three-term Mathura MLA Pradeep Mathur has replaced him.The decision was seen as coming after Tiwari was ignored for Monday's Congress Working Committee (CWC) meeting in which all CLP and PCC chiefs were invited. But when AICC did make the announcement, it stunned observers who believed the perennial survivor would manage the escape for one more time.It was because of leadership's insistence on retaining Tiwari as CLP leader that Naresh Aggarwal broke away in 1999, a split that proved debilitating for the already weakening organization.The move is seen by party leaders as a 'clean-up' drive initiated by Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi. Congress was nudged out of political relevance as rival SP notched massive victory and BSP retained the number two slot in what reasserted the state's bipolarity. BJP finished a distant third ahead of Congress that won 28 seats in 403-member assembly.The Congress failure to insert itself in the frame, despite the hype and hard work by Rahul Gandhi, drove home the need to purge the deadwood from state organization.Known for his 'networking' across party lines as also with the central leadership, Tiwari has often been accused of being too close to the Samajwadis. Some leaders felt with SP in power, he may have again impeded attempts at independent action in assembly and outside.However, sources said Tiwari is unlikely to be left in the cold and would be suitably adjusted at the Centre. Tiwari himself refused to comment beyond remarking, \"We had left the decision to pick CLP leader on Congress president\", but sympathizers said his rehabilitation could range from his accommodation in CWC to a position in the AICC.Despite his drawbacks, Congressmen acknowledge his loyalty, having hung on despite the party having been reduced to a non-entity in two decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13879197", "title": "Goa moves apex court on Mhadei water dispute issue", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday said the state government has approached the Supreme Court seeking directions to the Union government to provide adequate resources for the functioning of the tribunal constituted to settle the Mhadei water dispute between Goa and Karnataka.The chief minister said that central government had appointed the tribunal but had not provided resources including an office and manpower.In November 2010, the Union government had issued a notification on the appointment of a tribunal.The state had written to the centre in July 2002 under Section 3 of the Inter-State River Water Disputes (ISRWD) Act, 1956, seeking the constitution of the tribunal. Under the Act, the centre is required to constitute a tribunal if a water dispute between states cannot be settled by negotiation.Parrikar said, \"I am chief minister of Goa and not Karnataka, therefore I will do anything in the interest of the state.\"He added that he was not criticizing the Karnataka government. \"What they are doing is right because they are defending their right and I am defending my right. What is wrong in that?\" Parrikar questioned.He said governments in Karnataka and Goa are of the Bharatiya Janata Party but will fight with each other on the Mhadei issue. \"I am elected by the people of Goa to take care of the interests of Goa. I am not here to take care of Karnataka's interests.\" He added that any government would have a similar viewpoint on the Mhadei dispute.Karnataka plans to divert water from the Mhadei basin to the Malaprabha basin to meet drinking water requirements in Hubli and Bailhongal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13882039", "title": "CISF gets more barracks at airport", "text": "MANGALORE: The Airports Authority of India (AAI) has constructed additional barracks for Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) personnel stationed at the new terminal building of Mangalore airport in Kenjar.Other ongoing construction works include a dog kennel at a cost of Rs 60.43 lakh, construction of armory room for stocking of arms and ammunition at a cost of Rs 14 lakh. These works are scheduled to be completed in December.M R Vasudeva, airport director said AAI had constructed barracks for CISF personnel at a cost of 78.68 lakh in 2007. These barracks could accommodate 40 bachelors. With induction of more number of CISF personnel there was need to construct more barracks. The work was taken up in 2011 and completed in a record time of six months and put to use on Wednesday. The new barracks with all basic amenities can house additional 30 CISF personnel.The other planned works include construction of third phase of CISF barracks, a separate barrack to house women CISF personnel as well as CISF family accommodation. \"AAI has envisaged other security related works like provision of perimeter lighting, strengthening of compound wall as per Bureau of Civil Aviation Security guidelines,\" Vasudeva said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13882066", "title": "Youth in luxury car chased, arrested for reckless driving", "text": "PUNE: The Bund Garden police on Tuesday night arrested the 21-year-old son of a businessman for allegedly jumping the traffic signal and attempting to escape after the traffic police tried to stop his luxury car.The incident took place on Babasaheb Ambedkar Road on Tuesday around 8.30 pm. The assistant commissioner of police (Wanowrie division) V T Pawar chased Amit Ramesh Puri of Silver woods, Mundhwa, and nabbed him at Maldhakka chowk near Pune railway station.The suspect was produced before the court on Wednesday and remanded to police custody for a day.The Bund Garden police said that on Tuesday around 8.30 pm traffic police constable Layappa Pujari was manning the traffic on Ambedkar Road. Puri jumped the traffic signal. \"When Pujari asked him to stop, he did not pay heed and continued driving recklessly,\" said police inspector Subhash Nikam of the Bund Garden police station.ACP Pawar, who was heading towards his home in a police vehicle, noticed the car and began chasing it. \"I, also, alerted the control room,\" Pawar said.Pawar said that the driver was not able to go further because of heavy traffic near the Nehru Memorial Hall. \"I got down from my vehicle and asked the driver to come out of the car. When he again tried to start the car, I had to pull out my revolver. Some people also broke the windscreen of his car,\" Pawar said.Pawar said that the driver, however, managed to start the car and drove towards the Bund Garden police station. \"He was nabbed at Maldhakka chowk,\" Pawar said.Police arrested Puri under section 353 (obstructing a public servant from discharging his duty) of the Indian Penal Code and other relevant sections of the Motor Vehicle Act.\"Investigations have revealed that Puri was not driving the car under the influence of alcohol and he had a learner's driving license,\" Nikam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880528", "title": "Two held for threatening teacher after boy flunks", "text": "Chennai: Police have arrested a 45-year-old man and his brother for threatening and abusing a school teacher of Government SC &amp; ST Higher Secondary School in Sevvapet, 40 km from Chennai, after the man's son failed in the Class 11 annual examinations.\"Umapathy's son flunked the examination,\" a police officer said. \"He blamed the boy's mathematics teacher, Lessiammal, for failing his son.\" Umapathy and his brother Murugesan entered the staff room in the school and abused Lessiammal, warning him that they would retaliate. A shocked Lessiammal first complained to the headmaster before lodging a complaint at the Sevvapet police station.Police registered a case and arrested Umapathy and Murugesan. The two men have been remanded in Puzhal prison after being produced before a magistrate's court in Tiruvallur on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13897057", "title": "Port needs pollution-free coal handling system, says new labour trustee", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 1,000 labourers of Chennai Port Trust will become jobless if the Supreme Court asks the port to stop coal and iron ore handling operations, said G M Krishnamurthy, the newly appointed labour trustee of the Chennai port.Krishnamurthy told The Times of India that the port management should come up with a modern system to ensure a pollution-free coal handling system.In the past, the port installed multi-crore coal conveyor system, which failed. Following this, Madras High Court had banned coal operations in 2011.The Union shipping ministry appointed Krishnamurthy as new port trustee last week. He is being appointed as Chennai port trustee for the fifth time in last 12 years.Krishnamurthy, one of the veteran trade union leaders of Chennai port, is the general secretary of Madras Port Trust Employees Union and the vice-president of All India Port and Dock Workers Federation.According to the Major Port Trusts Act, 1963, Indian ports should have 21 trustees representing employees, stakeholders and experts to run the trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "13884143", "title": "12 tonnes of litchi sent to Maharashtra damaged", "text": "Muzaffarpur: About 12 tonnes of Shahi litchi sent in two large containers from Samastipur to Mumbai by a Patna-based trader with the help of Bihar Horticulture Board, were damaged due to excessive cold in the refrigerated containers, according to Haresh Vansh Chandani, partner of a Mumbai-based company which had ordered for the supply.Chandani informed the Muzaffarpur-based supplier, which has its office in Mumbai, on June 5 that he had to use the damaged litchi in juice manufacturing as the fruit skin had lost its original colour and had turned black and brown. The damage has earned a bad name to Muzaffarpur litchi, P K Thakur, a litchi expoter, and litchi grower Bholanath Jha told newsmen here on Tuesday. Deputy director, Bihar HorticultureBoard, Vijay Kumar Shukla, clarified that the consignment belonged to one N K Verma and the board had simply provided facilities at subsidized rates. He said the government had no investment in the trade for its profit or loss. However, he admitted that two officers of the board had accompanied the consignment up to Mumbai.Shukla said Verma had himself made a survey of different orchards and selected the litchi grown by one Sudhanshu of Samastipur as the best. The board had no say in the selection of litchi for the trade. He said he was trying to contact his officers, now in Mumbai, for clarifications on the damage done to the litchi.Meanwhile, Thakur and Jha claimed the litchi have to be kept under 4 to 8 degree Celsius, while it was kept in minus 12 degree temperature in the containers. The fruit was destined to be damaged under such freezing condition. \"The soil of the district is suitable for litchi cultivation. The plant grown elsewhere in Bihar cannot bear fruit with a similar aroma and sweetness as of the Shahi litchi grown in Bochaha and Mushahari blocks areas,\" claimed Thakur and Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877032", "title": "Convicted doctor gets medical body notice", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a year after being held guilty of medical negligence by a metropolitan magistrate, a show-cause notice was issued to controversial cancer surgeon Praful Desai (76) by the crisis-ridden Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) on Wednesday.MMC president Kishore Taori said, \"We will decide whether to cancel or suspend his registration after receipt of his reply.\"Following a criminal case filed by veteran bureaucrat P C Singhi against Desai, on July 6, 2011, a metropolitan magistrate held the surgeon guilty of medical negligence. Besides directing him to pay a compensation of Rs 50,000 to Singh, the magistrate had punished him to remain present till 'rising of the court'. According to reports, Desai had challenged the order before the sessions court, which rejected his plea, and now his appeal is pending before the Bombay high court.Singhi's contention was that his wife, Leela, was admitted to Bombay Hospital on December 23, 1987, and was taken for surgery the same day. However, on opening her up, it was found that she could not be operated on, so she was stitched up and discharged. She died in 1989. Singhi submitted that she was under Desai' care and died owing to his negligence.Though there was no response from Desai, all along, he had claimed Leela was never his patient and that his name appeared on the papers as a mere formality.Ever since the metropolitan magistrate held Desai guilty of medical negligence, Singhi has been knocking at the MMC doors for cancelling the surgeon's registration. Singhi's contention was that on the day Desai was held guilty, the MMC should have suspended his registration.A former MMC member said that once a doctor has been convicted or held guilty of medical negligence, the council should immediately suspend his registration. \"It appears the MMC is taking all steps to protect erring medical practitioners. Even in cases where doctors have been convicted of conducting illegal sex determination tests, MMC's approach has been shocking,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13878977", "title": "Hindu convention to be held at Ponda", "text": "PANAJI: Goa will host the 'All India Hindu Convention' from June 10 to June 14 with around 175 leaders of Hindu organizations participating.Organized by the Hindu Janjagruti Samiti, the five-day meet will be held at Ramanthi, Ponda. It will be attended by dharmacharyas, 20 intellectuals, 20 lawyers besides heads of Hindu organizations from various states.In a statement, Abhijit Nadkarni of HJS said it is likely to be a historic convention, as it is the first time since independence that such a convention is being held. \"This convention will help determine future direction of Hindu unity at the national-level,\" he added. Virendra Marathe, managing trustee of Sanatan Sanstha, Ramesh Naik, state president of Shivsena, Ramdas Kesarkar; Shivprasad Joshi, Hindu Mahasabha and Manoj Solanki of HJS were also present for the briefing.The meeting will be attended by dharmacharyas, intellectuals, lawyers and heads of Hindu organizations from various states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13878368", "title": "CBI sets up 14 teams to study coalgate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has formed 14 small teams within its economic offences wing (EOW) to scrutinize documents pertaining to allocation of coal blocks and seek details from private firms that were given these mines.Sources said the agency has also roped in a few coal ministry officials to help it understand the technicalities regarding the existing policy and procedure for allocation of these blocks. The ministry officials are assisting on deciphering contracts, technical specifications and terms of sale.The CBI action follows complaints lodged by BJP lawmakers Prakash Javdekar and Hansraj Ahir. The teams would evaluate the facts to ascertain grounds for lodging a preliminary investigation that could eventually lead to filing of a formal case.The sources added that some teams have been started taking details and examining officials of private companies.The agency had last Friday registered a preliminary enquiry (PE) into alleged irregularities in the allocation of coal blocks to private players between 2006 and 2009 and subsequent misuse of the coal blocks.The agency will submit its preliminary findings by August to CVC, which will then decide, based on the evidence, if CBI should go ahead with an investigation, or a mere departmental action will be enough.The CAG has estimated that the allocation of coal blocks without holding auction resulted in windfall gains worth Rs 1.8 lakh crore to private firms. The complaint by BJP MPs Ahir and Javdekar \u2014 the basis for CVC's reference to CBI \u2014 alleges that many of the 156 private companies allotted coal blocks further sold them off in violation of rules.Among those mentioned in the complaint is a Maharashtra-based company that had put out a newspaper advertisement to sell the allocated block. The two MPs have alleged that the first-come-first-served policy adopted by the government was manipulated to help some private companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13883979", "title": "Bored of jogging alone? Robot can give you company", "text": "LONDON: Bored of jogging alone in the park? A new jogger drone is coming your way as the aerial robot will motivathe runners who don't have a human partner to exercise with, experts have claimed.The invention, called 'Joggobot', flies a few feet in front to encourage the jogger to keep going. The system is still under development by a team at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology in Australia. Users can programme the helicopter with a smartphone app to control the pace and height it stays at, the Daily Mail reported.A camera on the drone locks onto a blue and orange marker on the runner's Tshirt to ensure that the two stay together. There is a \"companion mode\" which makes the device stick to the jogger's pace, and a \"coach mode\" to encourage a more challenging speed.In tests, the designers have found that the coaching mode works best when it flies at above head level, as if it were the dominant partner. If the runner suddenly takes a wrong turn and is no longer in view, the Joggobot, powered by four small battery-drive rotors, makes a landing.One of the programmers, Chad Toprak, said: \"Social joggers have partners they can run with. But sometimes they aren't available, so the next best thing could be a robot. It's a really unique feeling to be running with it. The coach mode basically tries to push you to your limits,\" he added. \"It flies in front of you at a very fast speed and you've got to try and catch up. I've tried running and sprinting with it and I can't catch up with it,\" Toprak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13897875", "title": "Tom Felton warns hacker", "text": "'Harry Potter' star Tom Felton has sent a warning to the mystery hacker who tried to break into his Facebook and email accounts.The 24-year-old took to his Twitter account on Wednesday to tell the would-be cyber-crook that he has been reported to authorities for trying to access private accounts held by Felton, his girlfriend Jade Olivia, and her pals.\"For the person following me (on Twitter) who is trying to hack in to (sic) my emails / gf (girlfriend's) emails / gf friends (sic) emails. We are taking this further and reported you... I hope you know it is illegal what you are doing,\" the Daily Express quoted him as writing.\"Trying to hack friends (sic) fb (Facebook) / emails is pathetic. Posting fake emails is also below the line... If you didn't know it was illegal you do now,\" he wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880776", "title": "Puzhal 'crowded with VIPs', Veerapandi shifted to Vellore jail", "text": "Chennai: Former DMK minister Veerapandi S Arumugam , who was arrested on Monday on charges of hatching a conspiracy to set ablaze huts in north Salem on Sunday, was shifted from Puzhal prison in Chennai to Vellore prison on Wednesday. DMK chief M Karunanidhi was planning to visit him at Puzhal.Puzhal superintendent Karuppannan had written to additional director general of police (prisons) S K Dogra seeking to shift Arumugam, saying Puzhal prison was \"crowded with VIPs.\" \"We informed Arumugam and he was taken to Vellore at 8am after breakfast,\" a prison official said. Former fisheries minister K P P Samy, suspended inspector general of police Pramod Kumar and many others are housed in the Puzhal prison-I where remand prisoners are kept.Soon after Arumugam was taken to Vellore, Karunanidhi condemned his arrest and the act of shifting him to Vellore on a day he was to visit him. \"The state government is targeting our senior functionaries. This is vendetta and people will see through it,\" he said in a statement.On Monday, a police team from Salem arrested Arumugam at his residence in T Nagar. On Sunday, a mob set several huts in Angammal Colony in Salem on fire after threatening the residents. A case was registered and eight people were arrested.\"During interrogation, the arrested said Arumugam had instigated them,\" a police officer said. \"A gang of masked men attacked the colony's residents and burnt a few huts. They asked the residents to vacate saying the land belonged to an influential person,\" the officer said. Salem commissioner K C Mahali said Arumugam was arrested after ascertaining his role in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13876166", "title": "Jhamre couple to be booked under investor protection law", "text": "NAGPUR: Crime branch is gearing up to tighten the legal noose around Jayant and Varsha Jhamre who are been allegedly involved in a scam worth around Rs 25 crore. After slapping them with charges of cheating and criminal breach of trust, the cops are now all set to add stringent section of Maharashtra Protection of Investors Depositors (MPID) Act.The sleuths of the economic offence wing of crime branch spent a day recording the statement of the investors and witnesses about financial schemes floated and operated by the Jhamre couple. The Jhamres offered investment opportunities against lucrative interest ranging between 4-6% monthly and also promising mortgage of plots and lands from their Trimurti Nagar-based office of JS Financial and Capital Services.The couple sneaked out of the city after their schemes failed and depositors began asking for their money back. Last week, a crime branch team nabbed Varsha from her relative's place at Nashik. She is currently in police custody till June 8. Crime branch sources claimed that Varsha's husband too would be soon traced. The cops are also trying to zero down upon the properties that Jhamres had accumulated with investors' deposits.A delegation, which met the city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay, urged the top cop to ensure the investigation was conducted without any loophole and also nab other close family members actively involved in the schemes of the couple. The delegation named Jayant's elder brother Nitin as one of the accomplices who they alleged was still helping the accused couple. Sources from the crime branch said that Nitin too was under scanner and has been quizzed in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13867578", "title": "Director Kalpana Lajmi's producer in slugfest", "text": "Filmmaker Kalpana Lajmi, who was shooting for Kaanch, a woman-oriented film that stars Ila Arun and Avantika Gor, in Bhopal till a few days ago, had accused the film's producer, Rajiv Kashyap, of not paying her crew, because of which shooting had been stalled. She had even alleged that many crew members had been held hostage by local hotels since their bills hadn't been paid. But Kashyap had rubbished her allegations, saying shooting had been stopped because of the heat, and no cheques had bounced.Lajmi, who returned to Mumbai on Tuesday evening, said that 30% of the crew members are still in Bhopal. However, Kashyap, who left Bhopal on Wednesday morning, said that those who are still there are staying back because of continued shooting, and not because they were held hostage.Accepted film just for Lajmi: Ila Arun Veteran actor Ila Arun, who was also in Bhopal for the shoot, said, \"I was the only one to receive payment. He (Kashyap) could not fool me because he knew I'm very strict with contracts. In fact, his contract too was very loose. My husband sat with him and made a proper contract. He paid my signing amount long ago, and now it's time for my second installment. But I can't ask, seeing the condition of the unit members, who have not got even their first installment. I have not faced such an incident in my forty-year career. Rajiv is not a professional. He should not have started the shoot because the money crunch was visible from the very first day. It was only because of Kalpanaji that I accepted this film.\"We didn't hold them hostage: Hotels A receptionist from one of the hotels where the film crew was staying, said that their cheques had bounced, but added, \"Now, the payment has been cleared. They'll be leaving on Wednesday morning. They were not held hostage. We treated them like any other guests.\" The other hotel too, said payments had been done in cash by Kashyap after the cheques bounced, and denied holding any crew member.Also, unit members we spoke to denied any problems. Saidah Jules, a crew member, said, \"It's not about money. Some actors completed their schedule anyway. I'm still in Bhopal for some personal work.\" Darshan Singh , the production manager, said, \"We did some work today on Tuesday also. We are returning on Wednesday. Everything has been sorted out.\"I can take legal action: Producer Rajiv Kashyap, when we spoke to him on Tuesday evening, called Lajmi a mad woman. \"She's mad and should be in an asylum. If Kalpana continues to behave this way, I'll change the director. She is also accusing me of sending her obscene messages. It's ridiculous. In the last three months, I have sent her just one message, and I don't think it was obscene in any sense. It was because of her abusive and bad behavior that my shoot has suffered. I've spent more than 6 lakh on her hotel and food bills.\"He also denied the hostage situation, and said, \"Not everyone can go back on the same day. There are limited flights, and I'm arranging tickets. I'm still in the city because we are shooting some landscapes and monuments. Only those members are still in Bhopal who have to shoot, like the lightmen and cameramen, and those with personal work.\"Ila Arun also said she doesn't want to back out of the film. \"I felt so hollow with the sudden pack-up of the film. I gave birth to this character. I gave my best to this film. I'm still hopeful,\" she said.At the time of going to press, Lajmi was expected to organise a press meet in Mumbai, announcing pressing of criminal charges against Kashyap for \"absconding, harassing, threatening and holding the film unit stranded with crew taken hostage by hotels.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13877366", "title": "Online registration problems drive up sale of printed forms", "text": "New Delhi: As the online payment facility for forms has still not been enabled, most students are opting for printed forms. Colleges have sold nearly 40,000 forms over the past three days, and the number of forms given out at the 12 post offices was 30,000 till Wednesday. Candidates who flocked to colleges said they chose to skip post offices as there were no help desks there.No wonder many post offices are already recording a dip in sales. \"I went to South Campus for buying the forms as there are counsellors to guide you and clear your doubts before you fill up the form,\" said Naina Devi, who stays at Pitampura in north Delhi. A senior official at a central Delhi post office said, \"We witnessed maximum rush on the first day. There were few takers afterwards.\" There were reports of some post offices falling short of forms and prospectuses, but the official denied this.Though managing the crowd on South Campus was a challenge for the officials, the excitement of the aspirants kept them motivated. \"This year, there is likely to be an increase of 30-35% in the number of forms sold compared to 2010,\" said Dinesh Varshney, deputy dean, students' welfare, South Campus. Nearly 2,500 forms were sold on South Campus till Wednesday.The online registration process is not entirely online so far. DU officials hope to resolve the issue in a couple of days by setting up an online payment gateway. \"The banks have confirmed that the online payment system will be in place by June 8. Students applying before that will have to send a demand draft in the name of the registrar to the office of the dean, students' welfare. \"Over 45,000 applicants had registered online till Wednesday with 2,000 forms being submitted with the demand drafts,\" said professor J M Khurana, dean, students' welfare. DU officials said candidates can register forms online but they will be accepted only after the payment is complete. \"Students can submit their forms now, while their drafts should reach the office concerned by June 18,\" said Khurana.Some candidates were not able to submit their forms online even after filling them up properly. Some said not all Class XII subjects had been listed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13880847", "title": "Cop on duty shoots himself with rifle", "text": "BHOPAL: A police constable posted in Chhatarpur district shot himself dead with his service rifle in wee hours of Wednesday morning. The deceased, identified as Chirongilal Prajapati, 40, was a resident of neighbouring Tikamgarh district and attached to the Orchha road police station in Chhattarpur. At 1 am on Wednesday, he allegedly ended his life by shooting himself with the service rifle right in front of the police station.\"He committed suicide with his service rifle. We have registered a case and began an investigation to find out the reason behind our constable taking the step,'' said DSP Durgesh Rathore. Sources in the Orchha Road police station said constable Prajapati was depressed in recent months. He was troubled after his wife was diagnosed with a terminal disease. Prajapati regretted that he was not by her side in illness. He was facing financial problems in provide medical treatment to his wife.On Tuesday evening, Chirongilal reported for night duty and was given the responsibility of guarding the police station. He relieved the colleague who was on evening shift and took the service rifle from himself. According to his colleagues, at around 1 am, the other policemen on duty for the night shift heard the noise of a gunshot. They rushed out and found the constable had shot himself. He was rushed to the hospital and declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13882452", "title": "Rs 35 lakh spent on toilets not a waste: Planning Commission", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Planning Commission, mandated to keep a watchful eye on expenses incurred by states and central ministries, found it hard on Wednesday to justify spending Rs 35 lakh of public money on renovation of two toilets at its headquarters, Yojana Bhavan.The commission, under attack for wasting a large sum of public money in constructing swanky toilets at a time when the UPA top brass is preaching austerity measures to revive the sagging economy, termed it as a routine maintenance and upgrade work, and argued that it was \"unfortunate\" to call it a wasteful expenditure.Main opposition BJP slammed the UPA government for talking austerity and engaging in wasteful expenditure.While distancing itself from the controversy, Congress sought to disapprove of any wastage of public money. \"Government funds needed to be spent carefully as it is public money. As far as the question of the two toilets, we do not have information. You better ask the Planning Commission,\" party spokesman Rashid Alvi said while parrying the pointed question.J&K; chief minister Omar Abdullah tweeted, \"Must remember to ask to use the loo next time I visit the Planning Commission. Gotta see what all the fuss is about.\"It was surprising for many that Plan panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia himself came out to defend the expenditure, saying it was within the commission's budget and there was nothing wrong in renovation of the toilets.The reports of wanton expenses raised eyebrows within the commission as well. Even some members of the Commission found it hard to agree with the huge expenditure. \"The expenditure seems to be too exorbitant,\" said a member, while seeking an inquiry.But, the deputy chairman defended the move, saying, \"There is nothing wrong. We have tried to clean up the facilities. If the buildings are being improved, I think this is good.\"He further clarified that that there was no restriction on the usage of the toilets. \"There is no restriction on the usage of the toilets that have been renovated. It is the CPWD that decides on this, we just place the requirement numbers,\" Ahluwalia said. \"This is a 50-year-old building. The work is done by CPWD. All the toilets at the Planning Commission are being upgraded,\" he added.Earlier, the commission's statement slammed the reports of wasteful expenses on renovating two toilets at Yojana Bhawan calling it a routine maintenance and upgrade.\"While the amount of Rs 30 lakh being mentioned is correct, an impression is being created that this has been spent on two toilets. This is totally false because these toilet blocks have multiple seats in addition to separate facility for the differently abled. Each of these blocks can be simultaneously used by approximately ten people,\" the statement said.It said because there have been instances of pilferages in the newly-constructed toilets, \"an access-control system was initially tried but not found feasible in practice\". But, the statement failed to mention who would be held responsible for wastage of over Rs five lakh spent on the smart card-based access control system.Recently, the commission got mired in controversy after it fixed the poverty line at Rs 28 poverty line along with frequent foreign travel by Ahulwalia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877343", "title": "Soon, Thane halt for Lokmanya Tilak terminus long-distance trains", "text": "MUMBAI: You will soon be able to board from Thane the 32 long-distance trains originating and terminating from Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT) every day.Besides these 32, as many as 87 long-distance trains have already been provided halt at Thane, while around 18 services have to take double halt as the existing platform is not able to accommodate 24-coach trains. These services halt at platform no 7 and 8. Central Railway has also drawn up plans to extend platform no. 5 and 6 to accommodate 24-coach trains.Due to demands from elected representatives, the railways had provided halts to 9 pairs of trains at Thane in June year.A CR official said, \"We aim to provide halt to at least two to three long distance trains from LTT. The halt for the remaining services will be provided in a gradual manner within the next one year.\"Providing halt at Thane will serve a dual purpose. The official said, \"As many as 9,000 platform tickets are sold at LTT every day. We plan to bring down this figure to the minimal. This will happen once we start providing halt to long-distance trains at Thane, which offers better connectivity compared to LTT.\"Long distance commuters from any part of Mumbai and Navi Mumbai can find it more convenient to board a train from Thane. The official further said, \"All trains from LTT will be provided halt at Thane station once the two new foot-overbridges are thrown open to commuters.\"Work on building one FOB at the centre of the platform has already begun. . The 12-m wide FOB is partially funded by the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority. The Rs 4.5-crore FOB is likely to be opened to commuters by March 2013.Another 6-m wide FOB is coming up at Kalyan-end. At present, there are four FOBs at Thane.Reservation on demandThe Central Railway will soon initiate a 'Reservation on Demand' scheme on an experimental basis in 14 long-distance trains, which includes Madgaon Janshatabdi Express, Deccan Express, Sevagram Express, Dadar-Shirdi Express, etc.Under the scheme, if an additional coach is attached, Central Railway will first clear the Tatkal waitlisted passengers. Then the balance seats in the additional coach attached will be allotted on the platform to waitlisted passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13881675", "title": "Monsoon set to step in, pleasant weather in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Higher moisture content in atmosphere leading to increased humidity following winds from Arabian Sea provided the much needed relief to Indoreans from the scorching heat. Met officials predict that pre-monsoon showers may lash the city in the next two days.The sky that remained overcast in the city throughout the day brought down the temperature by about 5 degrees Celsius to 35 degrees. The temperature is expected to slide further on Thursday.Met officials said the cyclonic activity in the Arabian Sea has created moisture, which is being carried out to the central India by western winds. During the day, the city witnessed drizzle for a few minutes bringing smiles on the faces of the city residents. The weathermen predict that the cyclonic activity will continue in the Arabian Sea and the sky over Madhya Pradesh will continue to be cloudy for the next 24 to 48 hours.It will be followed by pre-monsoon activity, they say.However, the Met officials refused to predict the date of monsoon arrival saying that right now only west cost is active.Though monsoon is not here right now, the dip in temperature and absence of sunlight were enough for the Indoreans to enjoy the perfect setting of weather. Large number of Indoreans mainly youngsters came out in open to enjoy the pleasant weather. People were spotted at gardens, food streets and shopping malls.Shalini Shood, an engineering student, said that now it was time to say good bye to summer and they wanted to celebrate it in style. They came out to try their favourite delicacies.Mayank Gupta, an MBA student, was in a rush to take his friend for a long mobike ride. He said that after a long time, weather has become so conducive. It is a perfect time for long drive. \"I bought my bike a month back, but I was waiting for an appropriate weather to take my friend for long drive,\" said Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13876761", "title": "4-year-old girl killed for 3g of gold", "text": "HYDERABAD: A couple killed a four-year-old girl for just three grams of gold. The gruesome incident came to light on Wednesday when the Saroornagar police nabbed the duo while they were trying to sell the stolen gold.The girl, Ramya Sri was the daughter of Sukesh and Mahalakshmi from Champapet. Sukesh is a vehicle mechanic. On June 1, Ramya went missing while playing in front of her house.The same day, Sukesh lodged a missing complaint with the Saroornagar police.On Tuesday night, police caught Sukesh's neighbors Srilakshmi and her husband Raju while they were trying to sell gold ear rings weighing about three grams at a small jewellery store in Saroornagar.During interrogation, the two confessed that they had kidnapped the girl and throttled her to death after removing her ear rings.\"After committing the murder, the couple wrapped the body in a sack and dumped it in a nala at Talabkatta.\"Based on their confession, we recovered the decomposed body from the nala on Wednesday morning and shifted it to Osmania General Hospital for a post-mortem,\" Saroornagar inspector AVR Narasimha Rao said.During the interrogation, Srilakshmi confessed that she had committed two more thefts in the city.Police booked the couple under section 302 (Murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).Following the arrest of the couple, angry family members of the girl staged a dharna in front of the Saroornagar police station demanding capital punishment for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13883423", "title": "Congress opposes Operation Bluestar memorial", "text": "JALANDHAR: With a day to go for municipal corporation elections in the state, Congress on Wednesday took an aggressive stand opposing Bluestar memorial and honouring of Beant Singh's assassin Balwant Singh Rajoana at the Akal Takht. The party also said that there was no need for a memorial to the victims of anti-Sikh riots in Delhi.State Congress president Amarinder Singh , flanked by CLP leader Sunil Jakhar, in a specially convened interaction with media here focused on these issues and spoke at length. \"It is highly irresponsible on the part of Shiromani Akali Dal leadership and the state government that slain CM Beant Singh's killer is being felicitated at the Akal Takht,\" Amarinder said.Opposing memorial to victims of Delhi anti-Sikh riots of November 1984, Amarinder said it would be like opening up healed wounds. \"Nobody ever justified these riots and people are leaving the tragic events behind, but Akali leaders are doing things to keep the old wounds festering to vitiate the atmosphere,\" he said.Responding to a query that the felicitation was being done by the Akal Takht, Amarinder said everything was being done with tacit approval of SAD as the decisions were being taken by SAD-controlled SGPC. He said that the statement by deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal justifying the memorial was highly irresponsible.\"These tragedies are part of history and it is absolutely foolish to make such a statement, which can disturb peace in Punjab,\" Amarinder said while adding, \"on the one side Sukhbir is holding meetings with industry to invite them for investment in Punjab, but on the other hand the state government is doing things which are detrimental to peace in Punjab.\"\"The memorial and Rajoana's felicitation are bad for Punjab and the country and are happening at a time when Punjab required focus on building its economy,\" Amarinder said. He also took potshots at BJP's silence. \"They should explain their stand on the issue. Why are they not commenting,\" he said.Notably, the decision to raise a memorial was taken around a month back, but Congress did not react much at that time, but now it is trying to make it an issue just before the corporation elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "13879927", "title": "Fleeing Lankan refugees brought back", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Sri Lankan refugees from various camps across Tamil Nadu , who were detained while attempting to leave the country clandestinely from Kerala coast, were brought to Tirunelveli on Wednesday afternoon. The exercise of sending them back to their respective camps commenced later in the evening.\"So far, 94 of the 121 Sri Lankan refugees handed over to us have been sent to their camps across Tamil Nadu. The remaining would be sent by tomorrow (Thursday),\" said a police officer handling the refugees kept at a marriage hall at Palayamkottai.Though 151 Lankan refugees were detained by the Kerala police while attempting to leave the coast for Australia in boats on Sunday night, only 121 were brought to Tirunelveli, as the others were arrested and remanded in Kerala on various charges including violation of Foreigners Act. The refugees were brought from Kerala in four buses in the afternoon and handed over to the police and revenue officials. They were then taken to the marriage hall and subjected to an identity verification. Later, the camp officials and police across the state were informed about the arrival of refugees.By evening, camp officials from places like Mandapam in Ramanathapuram, Madurai, Puzhal, Tiruvannamalai, Vellore and Nagercoil visited Tirunelveli. The officials had done a head count in their respective camps and had brought a list of the missing inmates. They corroborated the list with the refugees caught in Kerala and after confirming their identity took them to the camps.\"We are expecting the officials from camps in Karur, Erode, Salem and other towns on Thursday,\" said the police officials. Six refugees, including a woman were brought to Madurai camp. The refugees had left the camps about three days before they were caught in Kerala.Similar incidents of refugees attempting to flee for Australia had occurred in the past too, but were thwarted in the last moment. In September 2010, 53 refugees were caught in Tirunelveli while they were on the way to the coast to take a board the boats. Barely a fortnight later, 36 refugees were detained in Srirangam who had escaped from various camps hoping to leave for Australia. Two months later, 14 refugees were caught from Velankanni in Nagapattinam district. A similar batch of refugees was also caught in Ooty who were posing as tourists, apparently waiting for the right time to move to a coast and take the boat ride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13877175", "title": "MLA attack plot took a year to hatch: Cops", "text": "New Delhi: Cops probing the assassination attempt on INLD legislator from Najafgarh, Bharat Singh, have found links between the main accused, Udaiveer Shokeen, and two Gurgaon-based gangs led by one Narender and Jonty.\"We have found that Shokeen alias Kale had a feud with councillor Kishan Pehelwan and Bharat Singh for eight years. He met Vikas Dagar in July 2011 and bought guns of various bores from Narender and Jonty,\" said a senior officer.However, it's not sure if the two gangsters knew that the weapons would be used against the MLA.Sources said Kale paid anywhere between Rs 80,000 and Rs 1 lakh for each weapon. And considering the fact that he also arranged for the training of the assassins in a forest near Jharoda in Najafgarh and took care of all expenses, it appears over Rs 12 lakh was spent on planning alone.\"Add to it another Rs 5 lakh that was paid to Vikas and you can figure out how meticulous the planning was,\" the officer added.Ashok Chand, additional CP (Special Cell and Crime Branch), said, \"Kale's father Surajmal Shokeen was an influential man in Gurgaon. In 2002, Surajmal along with his other son Sukhbeer Shoken was murdered, allegedly by those owing allegiance to the Pehelwan gang.\"Five years later, the same men allegedly grabbed his ancestral land in Jharoda village. He had been waiting ever since for his revenge,\" an investigating officer said.Kale and two others, Satish and Ravinder, were caught on Tuesday, another suspect, Naveen was held on Wednesday. All the eight men arrested so far have been handed over to southwest district police.According to sources, Shokeen alias Kale paid anywhere between Rs 80,000- Rs 1 lakh for each weapon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "6799322", "title": "Designing homes, a financial priority", "text": "It was in the '90s that the fever for interior design struck. In the 2000s, it has been art and media! What these revolutions indicate is the rising demand, attention and commensurate financial priority being given by the consumer currently in this arena.The past 16 years have allowed this area of applied design to rise from amateur dabbling to a sophisticated professional expression. As the numbers have grown exponentially, a professional approach to the discipline has become a must. The client is well-informed, well-travelled and far more cognisant of their needs and desires. The other major shift is that it's become a service, deployed and desired across a vast socio-economic spectrum. There's a designer out there to fit every customer. There are no limitations, whether in space, budget or taste! Quite a shift, as until some time back, interior designing in India was still considered an indulgence.The availability of design paired with functionality is another major shift. Great kitchens, wardrobes, bathroom fittings, hardware, lighting, flooring \u2014 you name it, you have it. The global market place has finally entered India. The indigenous furniture and textile industries evolved to meet these new challenges. Today, the novelty offered is in terms of crafts and customisation.So the role of an interior designer is far more crucial and pivotal today. Choices are diverse and spread across price spectrums. The designer can match these variables with the budgets and needs of the customer. Simply put, it could only get better and go higher from here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13878569", "title": "Rs 2cr wet waste treatment plant at Patto by Sept: Panaji civic body chief", "text": "PANAJI: If all goes according to plan, Panaji's waste disposal woes may soon subside as a new wet waste treatment plant is slated to be set up within the next three months at Patto. The plant will have a capacity of 20 tonnes per day and will take care of the bulk of the wet waste produced by hotels and restaurants.Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues said the work on the design was underway and the plant would be a part of the integrated solid waste management.The system will involve crushing of the wet waste in an organic waste convertor and composting it in trays. \"We worked on wet waste management and arrived at this system,\" said Rodrigues. The plant will cost an estimated 2 crore.The garbage treatment plant at Bainguinim is also being finalized. The CCP has asked the consultant appointed under the Jawaharlal National Urban Renewal Mission to make certain changes in the plans.The CCP has repaired its current waste management sites and is gearing itself for the monsoon. It has increased composting capacity by clearing certain sites and remedying defunct sites. A grinder has also been put in place for wet waste from the Panaji market.In a related development, a certain area in Patto will soon be rid of an eyesore and foul odour. The CCP has invited expressions of interest for dismantling the huge bio-digester tank at Patto to apparently make way for a proposed new satellite fire station for the Patto area.Rodrigues while confirming this said \"the tank should be removed by September, but we will try to do it earlier\".\"It is a sensitive operation,\" he added, explaining that there may be gases such as methane trapped beneath. \"The state of the tank is not known. It has to be examined and ascertained,\" Rodrigues said. He disclosed that the services of a specialist agency will be enlisted to do the gas-cutting of the tank and acknowledged that the bio-digester plant that cost over 80 lakh was a failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13881331", "title": "Court grants ex-parte bail to Paresh Thakur", "text": "PUNE: Additional chief judicial magistrate V K Yawalkar on Wednesday in an ex parte order granted bail to Amravati divisional commissioner Ganesh Thakur's son Paresh Thakur (32) of Kothrud in an alleged cheating case.Thakur was released on a personal bond of Rs 25,000 with solvent surety of the like amount.He was directed to give attendance at the CBI on every Monday and Tuesday, between 11 am and 1.30 pm. He was warned not to tamper with the prosecution's evidence and co-operate with the investigating officer whenever called for questioning. Thakur was represented by defence counsel Deepak Shamdire.CBI special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena said that the bail plea was fixed for hearing at 3.30 pm, but the court ordered Thakur's release on bail without giving him a hearing.Saxena said that the issue of passing an ex parte bail order was raised before Yawalkar, but he advised them to challenge the said order at the district and sessions court.On May 2, CBI had registered a complaint of alleged cheating against Thakur who allegedly posed as director of State Krishi Vikas Shilpa Kendra (KVSK) authorised to implement the 20-point programme of a scheme under the government of India.A verification conducted by the CBI had revealed that no such organisation had been authorised to implement the programme on behalf of the government.Thakur had allegedly duped people by pretending to be the director and offering appointments as directors of the programme by taking money from them.The incident came to light after Nashik based medical practitioner Prasad Prabhakar Sonawane had registered a complaint with the CBI accusing Thakur of accepting Rs 3 lakh from him and issuing him a fake appointment letter as the district director of Nashik district for implementing the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13878507", "title": "CM's move on NDMC ex-boss draws flak", "text": "New Delhi: Sloganeering marked the last day of the budget session in Delhi assembly as the BJP-led opposition lashed out at chief minister Sheila Dikshit for writing to home minister P Chidambaram to try and protect former NDMC chairman Parimal Rai from a CBI probe into his role in a project linked to the Commonwealth Games.TOI had reported the contents of the CM's letter to Chidambaram on May 15. Holding out a copy of TOI, BJP MLA Karan Singh Tanwar demanded an explanation from Dikshit for writing the letter. While she remained silent, the Speaker directed the marshals to take away Singh for obstructing the proceedings of the House and violating the rules of conduct. Singh had raised the issue in a special mention under rule 280 after the question hour. Leader of the opposition VK Malhotra decried the ruling party for citing rules to stifle the opposition.\"All that we want to know is whether she wrote the letter or not,\" Malhotra said. Dikshit, however, remained silent.TOI had reported on May 15 that Dikshit had made an intervention with Chidambaram on behalf of Rai, who is facing a CBI inquiry. The investigating agency wants to look into the role of Rai in a project related to NDMC's convention centre and had recently approached the home ministry for sanction under Section 6a of the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act.Rai was till recently Delhi's power secretary and is now posted in Goa. In a letter dated May 10, 2012, the chief minister wrote to Chidambaram, \"I would appreciate if the permission sought by the CBI to start a probe against the officer is not initiated in haste.\"The letter, titled \"To protect officers for taking bona fide decisions in larger public interest\", refers to a representation from Rai to her and asserts that \"a dynamic and sincere officer, who took initiative and showed exemplary performance, should not be made to suffer, especially as he has an unblemished track record of 27 years\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877656", "title": "63-yr-old suffers heart attack on flight, dies", "text": "MUMBAI: A 63-year-old Indonesian died after suffering a heart attack aboard a Mumbai-Singapore flight on Wednesday morning.The crew noticed that the flyer, Surungtambunan, had occupied the toilet for too long.\"The crew opened the door and found him unconscious,\" an airline official said. The flight then returned to Mumbai. A doctor checked the passenger and declared him dead, a MIAL spokesperson said. An IndiGo official said the passenger was asked if he needed medical assistance as he boarded the flight on a wheelchair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13875919", "title": "Cosmopolitan Club makes huge profit from pipe compost units", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Pipe compost units and school text books have nothing in common. But a group of children from Nalanchira, Muttada and Kesavadasapuram wards will beg to differ. They stepped into the new academic year equipped with books and study equipment which were donated to them by the Cosmopolitan Club, Paruthippara, who bought them with the profit reaped by the installation of pipe compost units in three wards of the corporation.The club, which was selected as the nodal agency for installing compost units, has successfully installed 1,100 units in Nalanchira, Muttada and Kesavadasapuram. This comes at a time when the project has lost momentum in many places either due to insufficient funds or technical hassles. Not only did the club accomplish the task, but also generated a whopping profit worth Rs 1,40,000 out of it.The club spent a major portion of the amount on textbooks and study equipment for the needy children of the area. The rest of the money was distributed among poor people who needed medical aid. Cyriac Joseph, who spearheaded the project as the secretary of the club said that the success was a result of proper planning.\"We didn't approach any individuals. Instead we dealt directly with residents associations of each ward. This mitigated any slightest chance of delay and we could complete the project well before the scheduled time,\" said Joseph. The club transported the pipes to each household on its own vehicles. They also took by themselves the task of loading and unloading the pipes. As a result they could save a huge amount of money.The club officials even made slight modifications to rectify the technical snags. \"Initially we were asked to use ferrocement cap. But we found out that it breaks easily and not feasible. The club soon replaced it with a sturdier cap,\" said Joseph.In order to avoid the delay in procuring the pipes, the club did not wait for the subsidy sum. \"We gave bulk orders and paid the sum in advance with the club fund. The companies gave us discount which added to our savings. When the sum crossed Rs 1 lakh we thought we should do something for the kids in the area,\" added Joseph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13881491", "title": "'Port should adopt tourist-friendly approach'", "text": "The Chennai port will have to overcome several challenges before it can find a place on the map of international cruise ships.One of the biggest challenges, industry experts say, is to open the eyes of foreign cruise tourists, more familiar with destinations along the country's western coast, to the treasures in the east. The numerous heritage spots, including temples and archaeological sites in Tamil Nadu, have to be made popular, they say. Chennai port has been focusing too much on cargo vessels and this should change, the experts say. A senior official said, the city's proximity to international ports like Colombo , Singapore and Dubai could make it a big draw for cruise tourists. The city could be developed as a base for inland travel. \"Many foreign visitors prefer to visit north Indian destinations like Delhi, Agra and Jaipur than Chennai,\" he said. Leading tourist agents and others say every cultural and tourist spot in and around Chennai, including the Santhome cathedral, the Mylapore temple, the international commune in Auroville near Puducherry and the temple town of Kancheepuram, should be promoted. \"Chennai and Tuticorin ports are yet to adopt a tourist-friendly approach. They should change infrastructure plans and passenger-handling services. The lack of manpower in customs and immigration still troubles foreign passengers and this must be addressed,\" said an operator. Even as a senior official admits they are yet to learn to receive international tourists and passenger vessels, Chennai port trust chairman Atulya Misra says they offer 20% concession to vessel-related charges, including port dues, berth hire charges and pilotage, to cruise ships. Chennai port has an exclusive cruise passenger terminal equipped with a duty free shop and airconditioned rest rooms and space for a spa. Figures show there were no domestic tourists in 2008-11 . The increase in the number of foreign tourists in the same period is also not very impressive \u2014 from 2,616 passengers in 2008-09 , to 3,401 in 2009-10 to 3,313 passengers in 2010-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "13883227", "title": "Engineering student killed for taking on molesters", "text": "AMBALA: A 22-year-old BTech student had to pay with his life for stopping five youths from eve-teasing girls.A student of Kurukshetra University, Nirmail Singh had not only stopped the goons, but also complained to their parents. A day later, he was stabbed to death at a bus stop in Shahpur village near here. He was rushed to the civil hospital, Ambala, where doctors declared him dead.Police have lodged a case, but made no arrests till Wednesday.The victim's brother told police that Nirmail would often stop the youth from passing lewd comments at girls. \"On Monday, he caught them in the act and warned their parents that if they did not mend their ways, he would lodge a police complaint. The youth wanted to avenge the insult and killed my brother when he was on his way to the university,\" he said.The assailants, identified as Harbir Singh, Parmbir Singh, Sukhvinder, Happy and Goldy, are resident of Ghasitpur village in Ambala district and on the run. Police are conducting raids on their possible hideouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "13879181", "title": "Trader killed by robbers in Nadia", "text": "NADIA: The body of a 51-year-old trader was found lying beside the road on Wednesday morning. Police suspect that Shakhar Biswas was strangulated for cash but they are yet to trace the miscreants.Biswas, a resident of Sahapur under Shantipur police station, left home at 6.30pm on Tuesday evening but did not return home at night. The next morning he was found lying near Fulia's Umapur. Sources said that Biswas used to trade in logs and had Rs 80,000 in cash on him. He bought big trees and then sold off the logs.Locals spotted the body and informed police. His bike was found about 5km away at Dearapara but police are yet to trace the money. His family has lodged a complaint with Shantipur police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13871899", "title": "Unconditional love", "text": "Love expects no reward. Love knows no fear. Love Divine gives \u2014 does not demand. Love thinks no evil; imputes no motive. To love is to share and serve.Swami SivanandaRemember, in our inmost being, we are all completely lovable because spirit is love. Beyond what anyone can make you think or feel about yourself, your unconditioned spirit stands, shining with a love nothing can tarnish.Deepak ChopraThe great lesson to learn of life is the need of giving out from the abundance of one`s self in order to be ever abundant within one's self.Walter RussellWhen we make the choice to fill our heart space with &#160; unconditional love , our worlds blossom into a beauty that is far greater than what we have known.Rio Godfrey", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "director", "code": "13898194", "title": "Shanghai: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Dibakar Banerjee Cast: Emraan Hashmi, Abhay Deol , Kalki KoechlinOn a candid note, Shanghai is a story that one has witnessed several times before in cinema. What makes it a decent watch then is Dibakar Banerjee's offbeat take on the subject and impeccable understanding of the milieu.Adapted from Vasilis Vasilikos's novel 'Z' (which was even made into a French film by the same name in 1969), Shanghai is the story of a socialist professor and activist Ahmedi (Prosenjit Chatterjee) who is opposing an upcoming infrastructure project in Bharat Nagar that is backed by the ruling political party.At a rally, Ahmedi is run over by a speeding van. While the police pass off the episode as a drunken accident, Ahmedi's adherent Shalini (Kalki Koechlin) knows it was a premeditated murder. A high ranking bureaucrat Krishnan (Abhay Deol) is appointed to investigate the case. And a local videographer Jogi (Emraan Hashmi) claims to have evidence on the mishap.There is too less that you know about Ahmedi so his impetus behind the activism seems half-baked. There is too much that you are informed about Shalini including her father's 40-crore scam but nothing of that adds to the narrative. The two male leads are more convincing characters comparatively. Jogi, in the past, had the option of fighting with his folks or running away from home and he chose the latter. He doesn't want to do the same this time. Krishnan dreams of a secure future in Stockholm which depends on his choice between conscience and corruption.At the outset, Shanghai is essentially not designed as a murder mystery. Right from the opening scene, the audience is aware of the killer, and the identity of the perpetrator is as much predictable. So the film primarily works as a social drama over a thriller with the three protagonists trying to fight against the system in their own possible ways. Krishnan's investigation takes the bureaucratic route and gets confusing at times with the complex state-of-affairs and the intricate hierarchy of the system. On the other hand, Jogi and Shalini explore the matter on a layman level and have a relatively easy connect with the viewer.But after playing as a straightforward drama throughout, it's somewhat surprising that the film aspires to build on some (foreseeable) suspense in the concluding reels. Beyond the predictability, Dibakar does try to perk up the staid climax where Krishnan shrewdly arm-twists a politician (Farooq Sheikh) which results into falling of the government. And despite the potential for a melodramatic and mass-appealing confrontation, the director keeps this face-off subtle and skillful.Dibakar Banerjee aptly adapts to the grammar of the bureaucratic background that strengthens the political drama. Whether it's the uncouth city, unruly party-men or Emraan Hashmi's untamed street dance - every scene in the dirty narrative is just picture perfect. The random cuts and extreme facial close-ups disturb you at times until you get accustomed to them.Shanghai almost redefines Emraan Hashmi from his typical Bhatt-camp lover-boy image. From his mannerisms, attitude to wild dance - there's a new Emraan that you get to see in Shanghai . Abhay Deol, as the South Indian, doesn't fall prey of the usual tendency to overdo the accent. He's just perfect and is skillfully restrained in his act. Kalki Koechlin shows the right measure of intensity in her impressive act. Prosenjit Chatterjee is good but doesn't get much scope in a short-lived character. How one wishes to see more of the talented actor. Pitobash's character is precisely an extension to what he played in Shor in the City and the actor is getting typecast. Anant Jog is retrained as compared to his recent over-the-top acts in Singham and Rowdy Rathore . Farooq Sheikh is splendid as the scheming politician. Tillotama Shome and Kiran Karmarkar are good in their respective roles.Dibakar Banerjee has consistently raised the bar with each of his releases. Though he doesn't outshine himself this time, Shanghai is a compelling watch!Verdict: Good", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877360", "title": "Class XII Open school students yet to get results, to miss admission deadline", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when most students who cleared Class XII exams are busy submitting their admission forms to the colleges, those from the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) are feeling helpless. The last date for submission of forms for any college under Mumbai University is June 7, Thursday, but NIOS students are yet to receive their results.On Wednesday, the NIOS website announced that the Class XII results are likely to be announced on Friday, June 8. \"We have tried contacting the MU officials as well as officials at the NIOS office in Pune, but we don't see any development. Colleges will not accept our forms until we submit the marksheets,\" said Jinesh Zaveri, father of a student.A group of parents of students from NIOS have approached the Forum for Fairness in Education. Jayant Jain, president of FFE, said the forum might consider moving the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "if you thought vidya balan let go of her inhibitions to look her sexiest best in the dirty picture, you haven't seen nothing yet. pakistani starlet veena malik has taken steamy a notch or two higher going by the pictures from her the dirty picture", "code": "13866171", "title": "Veena set to outshine Vidya in Dirty Picture remake", "text": "If you thought Vidya Balan let go of her inhibitions to look her sexiest best in The Dirty Picture, you haven't seen nothing yet. Pakistani starlet Veena Malik has taken steamy a notch or two higher going by the pictures from her The Dirty Picture: Silk Sakkath Maga. The photoshoot of the film that took place recently has Veena in as many as eight different avatars cozying up to her co-star Akshay.With Veena sporting sexy short numbers or a sari draped to show every curve, and donning OTT makeup, we wonder if the film is attempting to be true to its name \u2014 'dirty'.Ask director Trishul if glamour is the highlight of his film and he says, \" The Dirty Picture portrayed Silk in a very crude manner. My film will tackle the subject differently. I'll show Silk's character in three different stages \u2014 before she got into the film industry, as an actor, and in the last stages of her life. I've used the right amount of glamour. There is no question of vulgarity.\"But is his film for family viewing? \"Of course. There is much more to Silk's life than just the sleaze. This is a realistic take on her life,\" says the filmmaker. He admits, though, that the film's title might be a deterrent for female audiences.And while Trishul claims that his film will be an honest attempt to showcase Silk's life, he has not sought permission or got information about the late actor's life from her family. \"I have exclusive information about her that I'll use for my film. Silk has acted with several top actors like Ambareesh , Rajinikanth, Kamal Haasan and Chiranjeevi during her time. All these characters will be there in the film,\" says Trishul.Parthibhan making Kannada debut? The buzz is that Tamil actor R Parthibhan will portray the role that Naseeruddin Shah did in The Dirty Picture . \"We have approached Parthibhan for the role. We have received a green signal from him and will be getting the confirmation in a couple of days,\" says Trishul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13879043", "title": "Building collapses, two labourers killed", "text": "KOLKATA: Two labourers were killed and two seriously injured after a portion of a four-storey building at Rashbehari Avenue in south Kolkata collapsed on Wednesday afternoon. The victims could not be identified. The incident turned into a controversy after Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) officials, including mayor-in-council member Debasish Kumar, visited the spot and said the portion that collapsed was constructed illegally.On Wednesday, some workers were demolishing a portion of the toilet on the first floor for remodeling it when a part of it suddenly collapsed, following which another portion of the top floor toilet collapsed and fell into the adjoining premises. Four persons - all construction workers - fell under the debris and were injured. While one of the critically injured labourers was taken to SSKM hospital, the other was taken to Chittaranjan National Medical College. Neither of the victims could be identified and police are looking for the contractor who engaged them.Police said the accident occurred at 174/C R B Avenue which is part of the main building located at 174 R B Avenue. Ranjan Rishop, the owner of the portion, extended the original single-storey building into a four-storey commercial building and constructed three toilets on each floor, said KMC officials. \"KMC has already inspected the building and announced it as unauthorized. After a hearing, we had directed that three toilets constructed on the landing of each floor be demolished as it may endanger human life. In August, 2011, a notice was served on the owner who paid a portion of the Rs 46-lakh penalty. But the plan was not sanctioned and the owner did not demolish the toilets,\" said Kumar.The owner allegedly carried out other construction work without KMC's authorization and also installed an elevator in the building. Kumar confirmed that KMC will lodge a complaint against the building's owner. \"After receiving the complaint, we will take action accordingly,\" said Basab Dasgupta, DC ( South East Division).KMC records state that in 1940 Rishop bought the 174 C and D portions and joined them to set up a commercial establishment. The remaining portions still serve as residential areas. Some of these residents sustained minor injuries during the accident, said locals.Two persons were killed and two sustained serious injuries after a portion of a four-storey building at Rashbehari Avenue in south Kolkata collapsed on Wednesday afternoon. The dead were identified as masons whose names and whereabouts are yet to be established. Soon after the incident, KMC officials, including mayor-in-council member Debasis Koomar rushed to the spot. Claiming that the portion that collapsed was constructed illegally, KMC says it will lodge a complaint against the premise owner for flouting building rules.Police said the premise where the accident occurred is located at 174/C R B Avenue and is part of the main building 174 R B Avenue. Ranjan Rishop, the owner of the portion, extended the original single storey building into a four storey building. During extension, the owner constructed three toilets on each floor. KMC officials claimed the owner illegally developed the single storey building into a four storey commercial building. \"KMC has already inspected the building and announced it as unauthorized. After a hearing, we have asked that three toilets constructed on the landings of each floor will have to be demolished as it may endanger human life. In August, 2011, a notice was served on the owner who paid a portion of the Rs 46 lakh penalty. But the plan was not sanctioned and the owner did not demolish the toilets,\" said Debasis Koomar.The owner allegedly continued some more construction without proper authorization from the civic body and also installed an elevator in the building. Locals said on Wednesday some workers were demolishing a portion of the first floor toilet for remodeling it when a part of it suddenly collapsed under the impact of the demolition. In a chain affect, another portion from the top floor toilet also collapsed and fell into the neighbouring premise.Four persons - all of them construction workers - fell under the debris and sustained serious injuries. One of two critically injured was taken to SSKM hospital while another was taken to Chittaranjan National Medical College. Both succumbed to their injuries in hospital. Probe revealed that all the deceased and injured were contractual labourers and police is yet to ascertain their names and addresses. Cops are now looking for the contractor who engaged the workers.KMC records say that in 1940, Rishop bought the 174 C and D portions and joined both premises and turned it into a commercial establishment. The remaining portions of the building are still residential premises. Some residents of these portions sustained minor injuries when debris fell into their premises, said locals. Koomar confirmed that KMC will lodge a complaint against the owner of the building. \"After receiving the complaint, we will take action accordingly,\" said Basab Dasgupta, DC (South East Division).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13876926", "title": "Bill to check shrinking green cover stuck in red tape", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Trees (Plantation and Protection) Bill 2010, framed to check shrinking green cover and to increase plantation in the state, is yet to be presented before the cabinet due to government's lackadaisical approach.The bill, forwarded by advocate general's office, is moving at snail's pace in various departments despite several reminders. Sources in the AG's office said a covering letter along with a copy of the bill was forwarded to the local self-governance department on October 18, 2010. As the bill was not processed even after a year, a reminder was sent in November 2011 and then again in December 2011.However, chief secretary CK Mathew said: \"Recently, the bill has been sent to the local self governance department and is under consideration.\"The enactment of the bill is expected to increase the green cover as it proposes penalties to keep a check on the uprooting and felling of trees. The bill mentions that trees 8 to 12 feet high should come under the protected tree category. According to the bill, each municipality shall appoint a chief tree warden and there should be a tree warden for each ward. No person or authority shall cut or uproot any protected tree or its trunk without obtaining prior permission in writing from the chief warden. \"It shall be the duty of the tree warden of each ward to carry out census of the protected trees every year by March-end. The protected trees shall be numbered and the chief tree warden shall submit a report through the municipality to the state government by June 30,\" reads the bill.The bill proposes penalties to keep a check on cutting of trees. \"Any person or authority found guilty of cutting or uprooting trees without permission shall be liable to pay a fine up to Rs 25,000 to be imposed by the chief tree warden. Also, cutting trees without permission may lead to a jail term, which may extend to three months.\"An incentive for plantation of protected trees is also proposed in the bill. Every plot holder shall grow one protected tree for an area of 200 metres. Sources at the AG's office said inaction over such a bill discourages these initiatives and their implementation in the future.Advocate general G S Bapna said, \"It is a very important bill, and by its implementation the state government can encourage tree plantation and work towards bringing about a green revolution. The problem of pollution will also be addressed by it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13876543", "title": "Police Patils stage hunger strike over RR Patil's remarks", "text": "GONDIA: Following a call given by the state leadership of the Police Patils' (PP) Organization, the Gondia district unit staged a day's dharna and token hunger strike before the collectorate on Tuesday. They were protesting against home minister RR Patil's announcement that the posts of PPs have become irrelevant in the present context and they would soon be dissolved.During his last visit to Gadchiroli, home minister RR Patil had expressed his opinion that in view of the various new posts being created in villages in liaison between Panchayats and the government, the posts of PPs have now become irrelevant and they would be dissolved.Over 300 PPs from all over the district had gathered for this agitation. While speaking before them their district leader Bhrungraj Parshuramkar said that the post of PPs has been very vital working on meagre honorarium with huge responsibilities as government's representative.His role in criminal offences and Tanta Mukti Cases is very important. He called upon the PPs to unite and prepare for a bigger agitation.The district president of the organization Somajai Shende, secretary Yograj Baghele, vice-president Jagdish Raut were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13878277", "title": "'Illegal' hutments at Monte in dock again", "text": "MARGAO: While the move of the administrator of comunidades, South zone, in successfully undertaking a demolition drive at Moti Dongor has come in for a lot of appreciation from the Margao residents, the comunidade of Aquem has now geared up to identify more such structures that have encroached upon its land atop the Monte hill.The comunidade of Aquem had drawn up an elaborate list of illegal structures at Moti Dongor supported by clinching evidence of encroachments to the administrator of comunidades more than two years ago. However, it was only when N D Agarwal took charge as the South Goa district collector that he directed the administrator of comunidades, South zone, Pravin Barad, to act on the illegal encroachments.\"The list of 36 illegal structures was submitted to the administrator of comunidades some 30 months ago, but the authorities failed to act, for obvious reasons. There are hundreds of more structures that are constructed illegally by encroaching on comunidade land. As the authorities were reluctant to heed to our complaints, we had stopped the survey midway. We will soon be conducting a survey of all such structures and send the list of illegal encroachments to the administrator of comunidades for action,\" attorney of comunidade of Aquem Celistino Noronha told TOI.Agarwal, when contacted, however, said that the onus lies on the administrator of comunidades to act upon illegal encroachments on comunidade land. Pointing out to the Goa Land (prohibition on construction) Act 1995, Agarwal said that the administrator of comunidades is vested with adequate powers to order demolition of structures identified as encroachments on comunidade land.The act prevents construction of \"any structure, building, hut or other structure or any part thereof on any land belonging to the government, a local authority or a comunidade, except under the authority of written permission granted by the concerned authority\".The government has specified the administrator of comunidades as the local authority empowered to remove any construction done in contravention of the provisions contained in the act.Meanwhile, the mushrooming of hutments and illegal structures in open spaces is becoming a cause of concern for the safety of the locals. For instance, locals pointed out that pranksters residing in the slum-like dwellings opposite Junta quarters, Margao, are always seen sitting near the parking shed near the government quarters, and passing lewd remarks at ladies passing by the area. \"They even enter into arguments with locals when questioned about their behavior. We will soon approach the police to complain against these slum-dwellers,\" a resident said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13886284", "title": "These bras pack a bang", "text": "LONDON: Thanks to an ingenious design by a law enforcement supplier from Oklahoma, a bra fitted with a gun holster is now on sale.The Flashbang bra is attached with a thermoplastic shell that is able to store one of more than 20 hand gun styles already on the market. Lisa Looper, owner of Looper Law Enforcement which is a company that produces \"concealed carry gear\" , came up with the design to give her the ability to defend herself \"at a moment's notice\".The bra offers a modernday take on traditional female self-defence systems such as the garter belt holster made popular in American Old Western films of the early forties. \"I really never intended to create a holster line, that was never something that I wanted to do. I just did this for myself but as I was talking to other women , they were like 'oh my gosh, this is great, I have the same problem'\" , the Daily Mail quoted Looper as telling ABC .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13883648", "title": "Patna's temple of talent", "text": "For many, the 150-year-old Patna College has not just been an institution where they spent their valuable time of young days but a tradition they have been a part of. The sesquicentennial celebration of the college was held earlier this year. In fact, the history of Patna College is the history of growth and development of higher education in eastern India. The college has profoundly influenced the life of those who has ever been its student. Even today, particularly in rural areas of Bihar, the college is a symbol of higher education.Once popularly known as the 'Oxford of the East', this institution owes its distinct identity to the nature and mode of its response to social issues. While its teachers as well as students actively participated in the national freedom movement, it was the college where Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan first presented his idea of Total Revolution. In 1974, JP addressed a largely-attended meeting of students on the college premises and asked students to drag society out of morass. His appeal to the 'student power' was electrifying, resulting in a nationwide movement which ultimately changed the course of Indian polity.History repeated itself on January 20 this year when a special meeting of the Bihar Legislative Council was held at Patna College Seminar Hall. The first meeting of the Council, with its 48 members, was held at the same venue, exactly 100 years ago. Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar, deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi and council chairman Tara Kant Jha, along with all the 75 Council members attended the special session.It is hard to believe that Patna College building was once an opium godown and a Dutch factory. The college has covered a long distance on its journey since 1863. The central portion of the main building was a Dutch factory of the 17th Century. It was used as the local collectorate at Bankipore before the senior classes of the college were transferred here from Patna City in February 1863.The western wing of the college was added in 1871, and the eastern in 1880. The portico and the present BA Lecture Theatre were constructed in 1882, and the latter was connected with the main building by the long western corridor named after principal Ewbank. Patna College was the earliest to be expanded, in 1905, even before the expansion of the Presidency College, Kolkata. Hostels and quarters for the principal and professors and the gymnasium were constructed. New laboratories (occupying the site of present Iqbal Hostel) were completed in 1913-14. The college common room was constructed in 1925-26 and the gymnasium in 1928. Rebuilding and restoration work after the 1934 earthquake was completed in 1935 and the debris was utilized in raising and beautifying the bank of river Ganga. In 1942, principal Batheja reshuffled the building accommodation.Till January 1952, Patna College was a government college and functioned as an autonomous body. Later, it became a constituent unit of Patna University. In 1957, all postgraduate departments, except geography, sociology and psychology, were transferred to Darbhanga House.It remains the most popular college of coeducation for students of social science and humanities. The college building has already been declared to be a heritage site by the Archeological Survey of India.Patna College has been a nursery of great scientists, administrators, patriots, jurists, journalists, lawyers and academicians. It has had a great tradition of scholarship, culture and discipline. Most of the great leaders of national fame, hailing from the state, belonged to this college. Sachchidanand Sinha, Sir Sultan Ahmad, Srikrishna Sinha, Anugraha Narain Sinha, Supreme Court chief justice BP Sinha, Sarvodaya leader Jayaprakash Narayan and Rashtrakavi Ramdhari Singh Dinkar were students of this college. Eminent scholars like historian R S Sharma, Sir Jadunath Sarkar, Azimuddin Ahmad, Ramavatar Sharma, R P Khosla, Y J Taraporevala, S C Sarkar, Gorakhnath Sinha, D M Dutta, Gyan Chand, K K Datta, Syed Hasan Askari and a host of others were associated with this college as its teachers.Much water has flown down the river Ganga since the college came into existence. Ganga has added immensely to the serenity of the college life. So long as this great river flows, this college will continue to live as a great seat of learning and to produce leaders in all walks of life, as it has been doing for the last 150 years, said college alumnus and former Magadh University vice-chancellor Shamshad Hussain.Patna College principal Lalkeshwar Prasad Singh said efforts were being made to get all the wings of the college renovated during its 150th anniversary celebrations. Wilson Rose Garden, Batheja Mandap, Jackson Hostel and Minto Hostel, all named after erstwhile principals of the college, were being given a facelift. The state government has sanctioned necessary funds for the purpose, he said.The principal said the entry of outsiders and unwanted elements on the campus has been restricted.With a view to promoting sports and games among the students, regular events are being organized in the college. Eminent personalities have been invited to deliver extramural lectures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880791", "title": "Saravana owner's plea for passport dismissed", "text": "Chennai: A city court has dismissed Saravana Bhavan founder P Rajagopal's petition seeking return of his passport. Rajagopal, 66, who was sentenced to life imprisonment for murder, had approached the court saying he wanted to go abroad for medical treatment.On Rajagopal's appeal, the Supreme Court had suspended the operation of the sentence against him and granted him bail. In his petition, Rajagopal said he was suffering from diabetes, hypertension, chronic renal problem and spinal fracture. He said his doctors advised that he undergo treatment abroad.Opposing the petition, additional city public prosecutor M Prabhavathi said the case against him was still pending in the Supreme Court.Fourth additional sessions judge S Rajagopalan dismissed the petition to avoid creating \"multiplicity of proceedings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "13884072", "title": "AMU unit ball game between CM, UPA govt", "text": "Kishanganj: The establishment of AMU's extended unit has surely turned into a political ball game between CM Nitish Kumar and the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre, even as its fate hangs in a balance.However, the CM, displaying uncanny political acumen, made use of his three-day 'Seva Yatra' to the hilt by turning the heat on the Centre on AMU.In the on going battle with the Centre, CM Kumar also browbeat all those who had organized themselves under the attractive banner of Kishanganj Education Movement ( KEM) for AMU's unit and had cried hoarse against the state government for the delay in transfer to land to AMU. He won huge accolades from all those who are craving for the AMU's unit in Kishanganj having already transferred the land to AMU. He also fired salvo at UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi.Kumar, in this predominantly Muslim district, also charmed them by raining a slew of sops which included bridges, roads, schools, agriculture college and research centre.He also focussed on the improvisation of farm mechanism for pineapple, tea, mulberry and the like which could bring about a turnaround in the life styles of the peasants and in the process, put a cap on the migration of farm labourers, says political observer Pradip Bharati.And, like icing on the cake, the CM indeed flattered the power-starved people when, addressing a public meeting on Monday, he promised 25 MW of power against the optimum need of 23 MW.\"He is the first CM who comes to come to our doorsteps every now and then and acquaints himself with the ground reality,\" said Gaisuddin of Churli in Thakurganj. The bureaucratic top brass, who seldom come out of their ivory tower and comfortable zone of air-conditioned rooms, are also made to walk the rural roads and see things for themselves, grins Mohammad Afzal of Pothia.The CM did the right balancing act. If he attended lunch at Thakurganj MLA Naushad Alam's native village Durraghati and savoured vegetarian food with a local flourish, he also cared to visit the former JD (U) MLA Gopal Kumar Agrawal at Thakurganj. Gopal Kumar Agrawal, fighting on SP ticket in 2005 assembly polls, had trounced Naushad Alam, who then contested as a nominee of NCP from Thakurganj assembly seat. Agrawal as JD (U) nominee lost the 2010 poll and conceded the Thakurganj seat to his old rival Naushad Alam, who fought as LJP candidate. Alam has now swapped loyalty and joined the JD(U) bandwagon.The CM, however, disappointed the tea entrepreneurs, who had pinned great hope on the CM that he will redeem his pledge to declare Kishanganj as Tea City. In fact, it was a promise he had doled out during his first tenure. He was also expected to address the tribals' burgeoning demand for retrieving bhoodan and government land from the clutches of tea mafia and land grabbers.The conspicuous absence of former union minister of state (MOS) and senior JD (U) leader Taslimuddin all through CM's three-day 'seva yatra' rankled his party loyalists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "13878845", "title": "Akash missile test-fired again", "text": "BALASORE: Defence scientists on Wednesday successfully test fired the indigenously-developed Air Force version of the Akash missile from the Integrated Test Range at Chandipur near here. This was the fifth trial of the anti-aircraft system in the last fortnight.\"The Air Force version of Akash missile was test-fired from the ITR. The trial was successful and met all the mission objectives,\" a senior defence official said.The anti-aircraft missile, with a strike range of 25 km and capable of carrying warhead of 60 kg, was test fired from a mobile launcher at launch complex-III of the ITR.The trial, which formed part of the country's routine air defence exercises, was conducted at 7.57 am, an official of Defence Research Development Organisation (DRDO) associated with the Akash missile project said.To re-validate the technology and operational efficacy of the missile, defence forces conducted the trial with logistic support provided by the ITR, the official said. The Akash weapon system, which has its Army version too, was inducted into the armed forces in 2008.Wednesday's test-fire came after similar trials conducted from the same test range on May 24, 26, 28 and June 1On June 1, two Air force version of Akash missiles had been test fired successfully in quick succession, the official said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13881225", "title": "Expressway traffic disrupted for two hours", "text": "PUNE: Vehicular traffic on the Mumbai-Pune expressway was thrown out of gear for about two hours following an accident involving two container trucks at Khandala on Wednesday morning.All the three lanes leading towards Pune were blocked, forcing many motorists to opt for the old Mumbai-Pune highway, which led to traffic congestion in Lonavla. The highway police freed one of the lanes within an hour, following which traffic towards Pune partially resumed on the expressway, said police sub-inspector of the highway police N P Kulkarni.Kulkarni said the accident took place around 7 am on Wednesday. Due to the rain, a container truck going from Pune to Mumbai skidded, went over the road divider and dashed into another container truck coming from the opposite side. \"As a result, the vehicular traffic heading towards Pune was thrown out of gear for about two hours,\" he said.The highway police summoned cranes to remove the container trucks from the road. Traffic was completely back to normal by 9.30 am, he added.The drivers of both the containers sustained injuries in the accident and are undergoing treatment in a private hospital at Nigdi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13879913", "title": "Geriatric 'orphans' bank on police", "text": "KOCHI: They are the geriatric orphans of Kerala. Abandoned by their children, many aged couples in the state are turning to the police and banks to drag themselves through the autumn of their lives.Sample this: A 90-year-old woman recently approached the Kochi city police women cell with a complaint that her businessman son and daughter-in-law were not ready to buy her medicines or food.In another case, a senior citizen and NRI father reverse mortgaged his house after his children failed to support him. The State Bank of Travancore alone has given loan to 79 senior citizens in the state under the reverse mortgage scheme in the past five years.The fate of aged couples with no property in their name is worse. Kochi police's women cell received 18 complaints in the first five months from senior citizens against their children. This is double the number of complaints received last year. In 2010, the cell received 15 complaints and seven in 2009.\"There has been an increase in the number of such complaints. We try to counsel their children and reconcile them. And if our efforts fail, we arrange for another place for the senior citizens to stay,\" said N Philomina, women cell circle inspector.Statistics reveal that it's a pan-Kerala phenomenon. Thiruvananthapuram police received five complaints and the rural cell received three. While Kollam women cell recorded 10, Kozhikode received three and Malappuram registered one complaint.But not all abandoned parents take it lying down. There has been a significant increase in the number of people approaching banks for reverse mortgage loans. For the uninitiated, reverse mortgaging allows a senior citizen to pledge his property for a monthly stream of income. He/she remains its owner and can continue to live in the house till his/her death without repayment or servicing of the loan.\"Since 2008 we have given loan to 79 senior citizens. Between 2009 and 2010, we gave 29 loans with a credit outflow of Rs 216.99 lakh. In 2010-2011 about 17 senior citizens benefited with a credit outflow of Rs 138.25 lakh and in 2011-2012 we had 15 senior citizens who were given loans amounting to Rs 136.16 lakh,\" said M C Jacob, chief general manager of SBT.The Central Bank also saw an increase in the number of reverse mortgages. \"Last year we received seven applications and we have received three this year. Many are still not aware of the scheme,\" said K Santosh, Central Bank (Ernakulum north) branch manager.But there is no such solace for the homeless aged. They are forced to depend on the state machinery to mend their torn lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877278", "title": "PG medical merit list delayed over lack of incentive for doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Wednesday restrained the state from publishing the final merit list of in-service doctors for PG medical courses before it considered the grievances of government doctors who found themselves deprived of incentive marks for serving in \"difficult areas\".A vacation bench of Justice R Sondurbaldota and Justice M Sancklecha asked the Director of Health Services to hear the doctors' plea.\"The merit list of in-service doctors was to be announced on June 7 and is likely to be delayed,\" said Pramod Patil, counsel for the petitioners.Around 83 seats are reserved for doctors serving in public hospitals for three years. The three petitioners, serving in Akola and Nanded, said the state had a policy of awarding incentive marks to doctors who served in PHCs in \"difficult or extremely difficult\" areas.Earlier, the incentive was one mark. In 2010, it was changed to 10% of the marks obtained by a candidate in the CET for each year of service in such areas, subject to a max 30%. But the 2010 list removed many areas from \"difficult and extremely difficult category\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13881070", "title": "8 detained for wild tiger poaching", "text": "BHOPAL: Five persons have been detained so far in connection with the poaching of a wild tiger that was found dead in Veerpur range in adjoining Sehore district on Tuesday.\"Three persons on Tuesday and the rest on Wednesday have been detained. We are looking for two persons in connection with the killing of tiger that had been electrocuted and chopped into two pieces,\" a top forest department official said.He said detained persons include Hiralal, Ther Singh, Naval Singh and Kamal, he added. The detainees had laid an electric trap close to a well to catch herbivore, but the tiger walked into it, the offi- cial said.The forest department officials, who have drawn flak over poaching of the tiger have stepped up a vigil in Kathotia area, where the tiger's carcass was found, in a damage-control exercise.According to reports reaching here, the forest department officials, who are probing the poaching, have got tough with the residents of Kathotia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13887037", "title": "Emraan down with a stomach bug", "text": "Even as Shanghai inches close to its release this Friday, leading man Emraan Hashmi has fallen sick. The actor, who has a stomach bug coupled with severe cramps , will be unable to attend the premiere of his much awaited film in Singapore. What's more, the shoot of his other film Ek Thi Daayan has also been postponed till the first week of July.A source close to the actor told us, \"Emraan woke up on Wednesday morning complaining of severe stomach pain so much so he could not move. The doctor advised him bed rest for a minimum ten to fifteen days. He is extremely upset as he wanted to be part of the premiere of Shanghai but has had to cancel it. He was to join the schedule of Ek Thi Daayan but when Ekta learnt about his health, she cancelled the shoot, postponing it to July.\"The source said, \"It all started during the promotions of Jannat 2 . He had high temperature even then but continued with multiple city tours. After he returned, he was stuck between the shoot of Ek Thi Daayan and the promotions of Shanghai. He is down for a fortnight now.\" Emraan too confirmed the news.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13876526", "title": "BJP corporator enters nullah to highlight shoddy work of contractors", "text": "MUMBAI: A BJP corporator from the Mira-Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) on Wednesday afternoon got into a nullah in his innerwear to highlight the \"shoddy work\" done by contractors.Prakash Singh alias Munna Singh, a corporator from Ward 48 in Bhayander, then went to the office of deputy municipal commissioner Shambaji Panpatte where he was asked to change into fresh clothes.MBMC chief Vikram Kumar described Singh's act as shameful. The BJP said the party had nothing to do with Singh's actions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877502", "title": "Two Customs officials held for taking Rs 22,000 bribe", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBI arrested two Customs officials and their two collection agents on charges of bribery on Wednesday.Those arrested are deputy commissioner R K Singh, and appraiser Sanjay Prasad, posted at the JNPT Customs office, and collection agents Shashikant Kokate and Rahul Devlekar. Kokate was caught while accepting Rs 22,000 on behalf of Singh, officials said.Once the Customs officials asked the complainant to pay the money to their agents, the trap was laid, a sleuth said. The accused demanded money to clear the complainant's consignment, officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "namakkal", "code": "13879437", "title": "Nithyananda to reclaim Madurai Aadheenam properties", "text": "NAMAKKAL: \"I am taking steps to reclaim our Madurai Aadheenam properties from encroachers,\" said junior pontiff Nithyananda to the media in Namakkal on Wednesday. He was in Namakkal on the way to Bangalore with senior pontiff Sri Arunagirinadha Gnanasambanda Desikar.Junior pontiff Nithyananda said so far 140 encroachers of Aadheenam properties had been identified. \"The senior pontiff has been divulging details of various properties. I am collating property details and taking steps to reclaim them from encroachers. But those who are occupying properties legally need not worry,\" he said.\"The work of an Aadheenam is not confined to performing pooja and blessing devotees. It also includes social service. A person holding the post of Aadheenam is not a samiyar, sanniyasi, pandari or paradesi. We are the kings of Saivism. Moreover, I am not under the control of Nithyanda. We are working together to do social service for society,\" said senior pontiff Sri Arunagirinadha Gnanasambanda Desikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13894919", "title": "Govt defers decision on pension reforms bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid differences among allies, the government on Thursday deferred a decision on the changes in the crucial Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority Bill, 2011.\"It (the PFRDA Bill) was taken up and deferred\", said a minister after the Cabinet meeting here.Among the UPA allies, Trinamool Congress has been quite vociferous in opposing the pension and insurance reforms.Railway minister Mukul Roy, who represents TMC in the UPA government, did not speak on the issue during the Cabinet meeting, sources said.The Cabinet, as per the agenda, was scheduled to approve changes in the PFRDA Bill in light of the recommendations of the standing committee on finance, to pave way for passage of the bill in monsoon session of Parliament next month.The Cabinet, sources said, was required to take a view on the proposal of ensuring assured returns to pension fund subscribers, as suggested by the committee, headed by senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha .The PFRDA Bill, which has been pending for several years, seeks to open the pension sector to private sector and foreign investment.The proposed legislation was introduced in the Lok Sabha on March 24, 2011.The PFRDA Bill provides for establishment of a statutory authority to undertake promotional, developmental and regulatory functions in respect to pension funds.Interim PFRDA is functioning since 2003 through an executive order.PFRDA, set up as a regulatory body for pension sector, is yet to get statutory powers as the Bill pertaining to that effect lapsed in Parliament with the expiry of last Lok Sabha in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13885360", "title": "Shanghai Cooperation Organisation will not evolve into NATO style military forum: China", "text": "BEIJING: China has denied the possibility of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) evolving into NATO style military and political bloc as the fourm's 6th summit concluded here with calls to counter terrorism and beef up regional stability.Discounting reports likening the SCO to an eastern NATO, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Liu Weimin said that the charter of the SCO determined its nature of non-alliance, non-confrontation, not targeting at any third country or organisation and openness to outside parties.There were speculations that SCO, dominated by China and Russia, could evolve into a major security forum as the two scaled up their relations to thwart United States pronounced push into the Asia Pacific with more military engagement.Liu told a media briefing here the robust development of the SCO lies in its quest for a new model of partnership for regional organisation, which conforms to the current trend of peace and development.The China backed SCO, a security forum was founded in Shanghai in June 2001, and currently has six full members -- China, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. Mongolia, Iran, Pakistan and India are four observer states and its dialogue partners include Belarus and Sri Lanka.The two day summit attended by Russian President Vladimir Putin and External Affairs Minister S M Krishna concluded today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13879309", "title": "Saina made to toil by little-known Thai", "text": "HYDERABAD: Top seed Saina Nehwal huffed and puffed into the second round of the Thailand Open Grand Prix Gold in Bangkok on Thursday. The world No. 5 lost momentum in the second game but did well to regain her rhythm to down Nichaon Jindapon of Thailand 21-13, 16-21, 21-15 in 60 minutes.From the bottom half of the draw, Saina's training partner and national champion PV Sindhu rallied to down Mi Jin Jung of Korea 21-9, 15-21, 21-14.Men's singles shuttlers K Srikanth, Verma brothers (Sourabh and Sameer) and Sai Praneeth have all advanced to the second round. Veteran Anand Pawar, Hyderabad lad RMV Gurusaidutt and mixed doubles pair of Arun Vishnu and Aparna Balan crashed out of the tournament.Srikanth's joy was short-lived as he lost to world champion Lin Dan 21-11, 21-13 in the second round. Sai Praneeth and Vermas will play their second round matches late in the night.Extracting more points at the net, Saina was off to a smooth start. From 6-6, the Indian ace widened the gap as she moved to 10-6 and then to 16-7, leaving no chance for the world No. 53. Saina looked good till 8-4 in the second game. But once Nichaon started retrieving the bird with effortless ease the Indian made a few mistakes and conceded the lead. From 10-11, the Thai girl moved to 16-11 in one serve. Though Saina strived hard and closed the gap to 17-14, Nichaon came up with another four-point effort to clinch the game.Wary of the rival's accuracy at the net, Saina upped the ante by producing six smash winners in the third. Though Nichaon worked hard to stay close to Saina, the Thai was in the contest only up to the 12th point. Saina broke free from 12-12 and dominated the inexperienced rival after the mandatory change of courts. Saina will now meet world No.39 Li Han of China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13893174", "title": "Woman loses peripheral vision to botched surgeries", "text": "BANGALORE: It is always to go by a doctor's opinion than to follow our own notions, 32-years old Pallavi Sharma (name changed) has learnt it in a bitter way. Pallavi lost side vision of her eyes, thanks to her stubbornness to get operated in a particular manner.Pallavi was diagnosed with a brain tumor and had sought for surgical option to cure it. Her family did some 'research' on surgeries and found out that her tumor could be removed through the nasal cavity. She first consulted Fortis Hospital, where she was told that her case was little complicated and can't be operated through nasal cavity. Not listening to the doctor, she then sought a second opinion from other city hospital, which agreed to remove the tumor through the nasal cavity. Pallavi's nightmare began from there. She underwent a surgery, which remained incomplete. She was admitted in another hospital, which too was inefficient to operate on her.The entire process took about a year's time and the tumor grew in size. She was again brought back to Fortis, where Dr Deshpande V Rajkumar, a consultant Neurosurgeon, performed the surgery. \"The surgery was successful, but that loss of one year cost Pallavi her side vision,\" said Dr Deshpande. She still stumbles, while walking before she cannot see any object on her either sides, added the doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13882038", "title": "'El Nino's effect to be clear by June end'", "text": "PUNE: Union minister of state for earth science Ashwani Kumar has said that the government is not in a position, for now, to make an accurate assessment of whether the monsoon rainfall will be below average, normal or above normal this season.\"Global dynamical models have given varied predictions based on the conditions prevailing in May. There is a lot of divergence of opinion regarding the rainfall being normal or below normal and the El Nino phenomenon impacting the monsoon rains this year,\" he said.\"A clearer picture will emerge only in the third week of June when the India Meteorological Department's statistical forecast will be available to us,\" he said. \"We are in the process of assessing and reconciling predictions by different dynamical models,\" he added.\"At this point of time, we are not in a position to give an accurate assessment of the monsoon behaviour ahead,\" he said.\"We cannot say for certainty that there is any El Nino effect. A clearer picture will emerge only in the third week of June,\" he added.Usually, the IMD's long range forecast (LRF) for the southwest monsoon is released in two stages every year. The first LRF is released towards the end of April predicting the rainfall for the country as a whole for the June-to-September season.The second forecast is released by end of June, which focusses on the spatial distribution of rains over the four geographical sub-regions i.e. northwest, central, northeast and south peninsular India.Apart from this, the IMD also releases forecast for monthly rainfall during the season.Kumar said, \"As far as we are concerned, the correct position for now is that the monsoon seasonal rainfall is most likely to be normal in the range of 96% to 104% of the long period average of 89 centres, as predicted by the IMD in April.\"The south-west monsoon accounts for almost all the annual rain in 75% of the geographical area and 78% of the gross cropped area in the country. The duration of the monsoon over various parts of India varies from about two months to six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13878505", "title": "Regional Plan 2021 to be complete in 6 months: Goa chief minister", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that formulation of the new Regional Plan 2021 would be completed within six months. He said \"Before December, I will finalize it for the state.\"Parrikar added that the government will hold day-to-day hearings on the objections and suggestions from stakeholders. \"Participation does not mean delay in finalizing the regional plan,\" he said.During the period RP 2021 was kept open for public, TCP received over 3,000 objections and suggestions of which 90% are requests for change in zones.The government, in an order, said that pending drafting and notification of a fresh plan, Regional Plan 2001 will be used as a reference plan for the purpose of determining the land use but with the FAR policy and height of buildings, categorization of village panchayats (VP1 and VP2) will be as per regional plan 2021.Non-government organizations (NGOs), village groups and social activists had demanded that the RP 2021 be denotified and objections and suggestion be incorporated before it is notified again.The government had frozen the Regional Plan 2021 till a decision is taken on the issue. The government had decided to review all permissions issued after March 20 on a case-to-case basis. All projects or proposals which are based on the RP 2021 had been kept in abeyance till the government makes an appropriate decision in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13897494", "title": "Shubh Vivah to go off-air on 29 June", "text": "After playing hide and seek for a while, the game is over for UTV productions' Shubh Vivah on Sony TV. The television series which was rumoured to go off air for a while now, will say its final goodbyes on 29th June 2012. The show which revolves around a father and his five daughters who are of a marriageable age, did not live up to the hype from the day it was launched. 'Shubh Vivah' scored poorly on the TRP charts and even Eijaz Khan's charm could not help the show garner good numbers. The makers tried to spice up the plot by killing the main lead, Eijaz Khan aka Amrit in an unceremonious manner but even this didn't work for 'Shubh Vivah' . Sources inform that the channel has decided to pull the show. When contacted, Neha Janpandit (Saroj) said, \"Yes, even we have heard the news but I can't comment at this point of time as we haven't received any official confirmation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13899197", "title": "Saina Nehwal reaches quarterfinals of Thailand Open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ace Indian shuttler Saina Nehwal notched up a straight-game victory over Chinese Li Han to advance to the quarterfinals of Thailand Grand Prix Gold in Bangkok.The World number five Indian rode on her smashes to see off Lan 21-17 21-13 in a 42-minute women's singles match at the CU Sport Complex.The 22-year-old from Hyderabad will next take on the winner of the match between Japan's Kaori Imabeppu and eighth seed Sapsiree Taerattanachai of Thailand.Top seed Saina took time to get off the mark and was forced to do the catch-up act most of the time during the first game.The Indian levelled the score at 12-12 and waged a grim battle till 17-17, before reeling off four straight points to pocket the first game and lead the match 1-0.In the second game too, Lan put up a fight in the initial moments but Saina was too good for her as she widened the gap from 7-7 to eventually seal the issue comfortably.The other Indian in the women's singles competition, P V Sindhu, however, lost to former World Champion Wang Lin 12-21 23-25 in 36 minutes.In the men's doubles competition, Sanjeeth S and Jagadish Yadav lost 12-21 6-21 to Calvin Jia Hong Ong and Wee Gleen Tan of Malaysia.Another Indian pair of Tarun Kona and Arun Vishnu also bowed out with a 22-24 13-21 defeat to sixth seeds Ricky Karanda Suwardi and Muhammad Ulinnuha of Indonesia.India's women's doubles pair of Pradnya Gadre and Prajakta Sawant also crashed out with a 19-21 12-21 defeat to the Malaysian combo of Amelia Alicia Anscelly and Fie Cho Soong in a 27-minute match.Up against the top seeds Xia Huan and Jinhua Tang of China, the Indian pair of Aparna Balan and Siki Reddy N lost 10-21 13-21 in 24 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13880326", "title": "City kids queue up for a glimpse of Venus", "text": "GUWAHATI: Wednesday was a special day for the children of the city. They all woke up early as they had been told that this was the one and only opportunity they would get in their lifetime to witness the transit of Venus, a celestial phenomenon.Accompanied by their teachers and parents, hundreds of enthusiastic schoolchildren formed long queues in front of Guwahati Planetarium on Wednesday morning.Guardians, meanwhile, were only more than happy to indulge their wards' desire to witness the event as they felt this would help spark a scientific temperament among them. \"I told my father that I had to witness the event because if I missed it, I would never be able to see such a phenomenon in my lifetime. He encouraged me and readily agreed to accompany me,\" said Annanya P Bora, a Class XIII student.Children as young as six years of age flocked to different venues to witness the event. Arka Kumar Gogoi, a Class III pupil at Maria's Public School, said with his solar filter goggles clasped tightly in his small hands: \"I want to learn more about science, and when I got to know about the event, I wanted to come. I want to see a telescope.\"Adolescents were as enthused as the young ones to witness the rare celestial phenomenon. Students of the nearby Don Bosco Institute (DBI) also formed long queues at the planetarium, waiting patiently for the veil of clouds to lift from the sky so they could spot the planet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13896297", "title": "No Director Interested In Brahmi's Deal", "text": "Telugu industry's top comedian Brahmanandam is giving a pretty deal from a long time to interested directors. Reports say that none are coming forward to utilize them.This sought after star-comedian has won the accolades of all sections of audience and has nothing remaining to chase. But, one desire is pending and haunting him from a long time. Brahmi wants to see his elder son as a happening hero on Telugu screen. Even though, his son Gautam came up with two projects, both of them failed at Box Office miserably. Reason behind this is Brahmi's over action to not rope any star director to help his son. Recently, he showed interest to invest half of the project's cost through his 'benami' if someone produces a film with Gautam as hero.No producer or director is in fact coming to join hands with this ace comedian to make this 'formula' work. Though some partly successful directors are heard showing interest, they are getting scared after listening to Brahmi's conditions. The shocking 'terms' set by our comedian are yet to be known!Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13878457", "title": "Give grants to all schools, says Congress", "text": "PANAJI: The state Congress party, while welcoming chief minister Manohar Parrikar's decision on the medium of instruction (MoI) issue, has criticized him for not taking this stand before the assembly elections.\"We welcome this decision and congratulate Parrikar for taking forward Congress party's stand on MoI,\" said Amarnath Panjikar, president of the North Goa district Congress committee.He, however, hastened to add that Parrikar had fooled the public by taking a contradictory stand through the BJP manifesto before the assembly polls.If Parrikar had taken this decision before the elections, students would not be facing this situation, said Panjikar.He also demanded that grants be given to all schools seeking them, and not just to those fulfiling the MoI policy criteria.We have pride for our mother tongue but parents should be given a choice (of MoI), Panjikar added.He also felt that Parrikar should also reduce VAT on diesel like he had done for petrol as this would benefit farmers. Panjikar said he would write to the centre to increase Goa's kerosene quota which has recently been reduced.On the issue of youth given job appointment letters by the previous Congress government before elections, Panjikar felt the government should honour the letters. \"The letters were not sold at any shop. They are signed by authorities and should be honoured,\" he said while adding that the Congress would support the aggrieved youth in their struggle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13898694", "title": "Africa Festival to strengthen ties", "text": "In consonance with India's policy of strengthening multi faceted relations with Africa and to encourage cultural contacts and enhance interaction with Africa, ICCR is organising a two-day 'Africa Festival' on June 18 and 19 at Kamani auditorium with participation of troupes from 5 African countries Seychelles and Zambia, Sudan, Ghana and Senegal.Apart from performing in Delhi, these groups are also scheduled to perform in Jammu, Varanasi, Ahmadabad, Chandigarh and Haridwar.These countries have been selected from different parts of Africa, to reflect the varying dance forms and music in these countries. The zest for life and close bonding with nature, that is typical of African dance, is being brought forth in this festival. The Africa Festival will not only help strengthen our people to people and cultural exchanges but also provide Indians with a unique perspective of the vibrant and dynamic dance and music, for which Africa is world famous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13880722", "title": "Health Partners Forum to boost NRHM projects in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: An NGO in Rae Bareli's Shivgarh area uses community mobilisation activities to save expectant mothers and neonates from untimely demise. Another met local religious leaders in western UP district to dispel myths relating to health. An organization funded by the US government is banking on mobile-savvy ASHAs for family planning counselling. Still, UP account for 25% maternal deaths in the country and with a total fertility rate of 3.1, the state adds an Australia into it every year.These NGOs have been working for improving UP's health scenario but have failed to make a macro impact because they were scattered. Now, their energies have been integrated under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). The larger group of all agencies and organisations including the World Bank, Unicef and USAID will now be called Health Partners Forum which would help NRHM's state unit gather successful health practices and scale up the best ones in larger interest.NRHM's governing body that met on Wednesday evening decided to use the power of the forum. \"We will not be taking any kind of financial aid from them but would use the network for technical assistance such as capacity building and feedback. As a part of the same, several success models were cleared for implementation in the districts during the meeting to decide upon the supplementary budget,\" said Mukesh Meshram, mission director, NRHM.The Health Partner's Forum was conceived by senior bureaucrat Rajeev Kapoor when he was mission director NRHM. But the project was lost in the din of NRHM scam. The governing body meeting was called to finalise projects to be tabled before NRHM India's project approval board soon.A need for this was felt after the approval board gave a bounty of Rs 4688.21 crore for state's NRHM budget. It sanctioned funds for projects worth Rs 2670.46 crore in May and asked the government to come up with more proposals soon. Of the balance amount of Rs 2017.75 crore, the state government finalised projects worth Rs 1922 crore during a meeting on Wednesday and decided to keep the remaining amount as a cushion.One of the important models picked up by the state is Manthan, a project funded by Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation that aims to improve the health of mothers and newborns. Bill Gate had met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on May 30 and assured assistance to help the state check its high maternal and neonatal death burden. At present Manthan is active in Bahraich and Jhansi.Besides this decision, the governing body cleared proposals worth Rs 126.45 crore to equip all health facilities with modern generators. Under this, 75 district hospitals will get 25 KVA generators. The 823 block community health centres and 3692 primary heath centres will also have high capacity generators. The running cost of these generators would be extracted from funding under individual projects such as national programme for routine immunisation. The aim is to maintain the cold-chain of vaccines stored at these centres to avoid adverse effect after immunisation. More than 6 out of 10 children in the state are left out in the routine immunisation campaigns.The government has decided to come up with maternity wings in 45 district women hospitals that record more than 80% bed occupancy, having an estimated worth of Rs 449 crore for construction alone. Another major project relates to strengthening ASHAs with cellphones, umbrellas and torches has been given a go ahead. Several projects relating to public awareness such as installation of information kiosks and pre-programmed LED TVs containing details of pubic health schemes and setting up population clocks have also been cleared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13875834", "title": "Only a few criminals in police: Chandy", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy has said that the much-propagated list of police officials with alleged criminal backgrounds does not give a correct picture.\"Against these officials, criminal cases have been registered. But it does not mean that they have criminal background. The cases are of various types which include domestic cases and land dispute cases. Only very few officials are having criminal background,\" chief minister told reporters here after the cabinet meeting.He said that so far 13 police officers have been removed from service for having criminal background, 266 have faced disciplinary action and a departmental inquiry is going on against 123 personnel. \"The list of police personnel with alleged criminal background, submitted before the high court is not a new one. It was prepared long back,\" he said.Chandy said that the government would not accept any police official having criminal background in the service.\"The responsibility of police is to provide security to people and the government would not allow them to take law into their own hands. The government will not tolerate any such situation in the state police service,\" Chandy said.He also said that the government had not yet decided whether to hand over the T P Chandrashekaran murder case to the CBI. The investigation into TP murder case was on the right path and the government was not at all worried about taking more time to complete the investigation since it was determined to nab all conspirators and culprits behind the murder, he said. \"The Naxalites and Maoists were the ones who used to challenge the law and order in a state. But now it was not an encouraging sign to see that a democratic party was also challenging the law and order in the state,\" said Chandy while reacting to M V Jayarajan's statement that people should take on police with water mixed with chilly powder. The government was not targeting anybody in the TP murder and has never interfered in the investigation, he added.Other cabinet decisions: The government has decided to set up two infrastructure development authorities at Valluvanadu near Perinthalmanna and Bharananganam near Pala.A decision has been taken to extend the Akshaya scheme so that more people would benefit from it.All district collectors have been entrusted with the task of settling the grievances on the fair price value of land fixed by the previous government. Necessary directions would be given to settle the grievances within three months.Rural development commissioner M Nandakumar has been given the additional charge of civil supplies director.Urban affairs director B Ashok will hold the additional charge of industries director, and youth affairs secretary T O Sooraj will also hold the additional charge of land revenue commissioner.Organ transplantation: The central rule on transplantation of human organ would be now applicable to the state also. This would mean that the rules regarding organ transplantation would become more liberal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13879282", "title": "School admission war raises spectre of caste discrimination in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Dalit rights'organizations in Coimbatore are alleging that most city schools are flouting government norms regarding admission of SC and ST students and denying admission to children from dalit and tribal communities to higher secondary classes citing lack of seats or insufficient marks.With schools choosy about admissions, many students from underprivileged communities are losing out to competition. School authorities claim they have limited seats and can't afford to take students with low marks even if they are from these communities and are eligible for reserved seats.Dalit groups are highlighting the case of Sibi Chakravarthy(16), a student from a schedule caste, who scored 316/500 but failed to gain a seat in the second group in at least three prominent city schools. They say many like him, from the SC, ST and BC communities have failed to get admission despite the government norm.The issue came to light when Sibi, along with his uncle Raja Ram , took the matter to district education officer on Wednesday. \"We approached almost three schools including Sarvajana Higher Secondary School, Mani Higher Secondary School and Gopal Naidu Higher Secondary School, hoping to get admission in second group,\" said Raja Ram. Chakravarthy, whose parents were killed in an accident, is under the care of his maternal uncle.None of the schools were even willing to give application forms, he said. All the three schools that were approached want to know the score. In one school, only parents of students who have scored more than 400/500 marks were let in by the watchman. \"I want to take second group and am capable of doing well. But none of the schools were ready to admit me,\" Sibi told TOI. When the DEO spoke to one of the schools, officials offered a seat in the commerce stream, he said.Lakshmi, another student from a scheduled caste residing in Therthipalayam, said she approached three schools for a seat in the first group but failed to get admission. \"I had 389/500 marks, but they wanted students with more than 400. Finally, I took third group,\" she said.S Selvakumar, member of Adi Thiravidar Welfare Committte, claimed that few schools implement the reservation norms. As per the law, all schools should allot 18% of seats to students from scheduled castes and tribes and 31% for students from backward castes. However, the data furnished by the matriculation school officer, reveals that none of the schools adhered to these norms, Selvakumar said. Data from the department of education indicates that number of students from communities that are covered by reservation norms are far below the percentage stipulated by the state government. \"We have taken up the issue with the district collector M Karunagaran, who instructed the school to implement the reservation policy,\" he said.However, schools offer a different take on the issue. R Rajeswari, principal of Sarvajana Higher Secondary school, said accommodating students from other schools is difficult as the seats are limited. When asked for a break-up of students from different communities, she said figures are not available immediately. But the admissions have been made as per the state norms, she said. School secretary Nandagopal said the focus is to take quality students. \"Many students come with low marks and we counsel them as experience shows only few qualify and pass the examination,\" he said.K Satyanarayanan, principal, Mani Higher Secondary School, also said there are limited seats in the schools. Without revealing the break-up of students, he too claimed that reservation norms are followed.District collector M Karunagaran told TOI that necessary action will be taken if any case of discrimination comes up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13879559", "title": "20 sovereigns of gold stolen from 2 houses", "text": "COIMBATORE: Robbers broke into two houses on the ground floor and first floor of a building and made away with 20 sovereigns of gold jewels on Tuesday in KK Pudur. Luckily, 60 sovereigns of gold jewels were prevented from being stolen as the women living in the second floor house had gone to the bank to keep them in the locker on the same day.Balasubramaniam lives in Kaliappa Gowder Street in KK Pudur. He runs a private employment agency. His wife Bhagyilakshmi had a private medical practice. Both of them left the house on Tuesday locking the door. Robbers who entered the house by breaking open the lock stole 3.5 sovereigns of gold jewels.Rajendran, 61, lives in the second floor of the same building along with his family. His wife Thankomani had gone to the bank to keep in the locker 60 sovereigns of gold jewels belonging to the couple's daughter Ramya. These jewels were prevented from being robbed.After stealing in the ground floor, the robbers also stole from the first floor house. From the first floor house, they stole 16.5 sovereign of gold jewels and Rs 10,000 in cash. Saibaba Colony police are investigating. The incident has sent shock waves through the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13894186", "title": "Four arrested for Karnataka officer's murder", "text": "BANGALORE: Four persons have been arrested in connection with the murder of a Karnataka Administrative Service (KAS) officer, said to be a whistleblower in some controversial land allotments by cooperative societies.City Crime Branch police arrested the four persons, police said declining to give further details.48-year old Mahantesh was attacked by unidentified assailants near a hotel here on May 15 and succumbed to injuries five days later at a private hospital.Mahantesh, known for his integrity, was working as deputy director of the audit wing in the state's cooperative department and had reported irregularities in different societies involving some officials and political figures.His death triggered a public outcry and the government had assured that the culprits would be brought to book.Initiating suo motu proceedings, the Karnataka high court had ordered issue of notice to the Home Secretary and the City Police Commissioner based on newspaper reports regarding the death of Mahantesh, asking them to file a progress report on the matter by June 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13875721", "title": "Maharashtra Cabinet nod for Nagpur metro", "text": "NAGPUR: The city's metro railway project moved one step forward with the state cabinet giving in principle approval to it. However, the deadline for submission of detailed project report (DPR) has been advanced by over a year.Chief minister had announced the project during 2011 winter session of the state legislature. He had said that the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) would submit the DPR by May 2012. However, now the government says that it would be ready by August 2013. Team of DMRC officials has visited the city a couple of times for survey.The first route would pass from Sitabuldi to Mihan via airport while the second would be from Sitabuldi to Automotive Square in Kamptee. The financing would be done on equity basis by MADC, MIDC, CIDCO, NMC and NIT. Central government has also decided to provide 20% viability gap funding for metro rail projects under JNNURM. State governments have also been directed to contribute 10%.However, according to city MP Vilas Muttemwar , 30% of viability fund may not be sufficient for the city metro rail to get going. He feels that the centre's share be hiked to 40% to attract private developers under the PPP model.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13877505", "title": "Gujarat University nod for management quota in commerce colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) has issued a notification to commerce colleges regarding admissions to the first-year BCom course, due to begin from June 18. For the first time, GU has said that colleges will have 30 seats which will be treated as management-quota seats. These can be filled at the discretion of the principals of the colleges without following any merit criteria.Hitherto, grant-in-aid colleges were not allowed to maintain management-quota seats. The GU notification says that the each division should have 150 seats. Of these, 120 will be filled on merit. In colleges in rural areas, each division will have 80-100 seats.So far, GU used to prepare a list of students who needed to be given admission by colleges. Here, the merit process was not followed strictly and admissions were granted in accordance with recommendations. From this year, the GU has told colleges that the principals should fill these seats themselves.\"This will make the admission process easy and more transparent,\" said pro-vice-chancellor of GU Mukul Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13878926", "title": "Labourers' death triggers tension", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tension prevailed in Saheed Nagar area following the death of two labourers on Wednesday. While Santosh Nayak (16) died after falling from a building under renovation, his employer, Susant Pradhan (35) allegedly committed suicide, apprehending that he might be arrested over the former's death.Pradhan's body was found on railway tracks near Vani Vihar railway station, which was close to the mishap site where Nayak fell from a building housing a gymnasium, which was being renovated.\"When we approached the owner of the gym seeking compensation for Nayak's family, the owner held Pradhan responsible and threatened him to hand him to police. Fearing arrest, Pradhan ran from the site. After few minutes, his body was found on the tracks,\" Tofan Nayak, a labourer said.\"We suspected he committed suicide out of fear. We are looking into the matter and questioning the gym's owner,\" a police officer said. Both the deceased belonged to Salia Sahi area. \"Police have to arrest the gym owner, else we would launch a protest,\" a Salia Sahi resident said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13889206", "title": "\u201cEndukante Premanta\u201d releasing only in Telugu", "text": "Hero Ram's forthcoming flick \" Endukante Premanta\" will have only its Telugu version hitting the screens this Friday (June 8). The bilingual film, which was supposed to be released in Telugu and Tamil simultaneously, will now release only in Telugu while the Tamil version will hit the marquee after couple of weeks.Sources from the production house indicate that the reason for the delay in releasing the Tamil version is due to some technical snags in the post production works. The makers are working on to get a good slot in this month for this romantic entertainer and as such a specific date has not been announced yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13880692", "title": "Ex-CJI to review water supply in gas-hit areas of Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Former Chief Justice of India (CJI) R C Lahoti would visit 14 gas affected clusters on Thursday and take stock of the fresh water supply situation in the affected areas.The Supreme Court bench headed by Justice Altamas Kabir and Justice J Chelameswar, earlier in April had set a three-month deadline for the Madhya Pradesh government to ensure supply of clean drinking water to victims of the Bhopal gas leak tragedy living in settlements around the union carbide factory. In May 2004, the Supreme Court had directed the union government to ensure safe drinking water for the gas victims living near the carbide factory.Research foundation for science study of gas affected areas had found that water in the worst gas affected areas was contaminated.So far a total of Rs 67 crore has been received by under various schemes meant for providing better civic amenities and safe drinking water in localities worst affected by the gas leak from the UCC factory in 1984. \"These funds meant exclusively for extremely gas affected areas have been utilised in areas untouched by the gas leak,\" alleged activist Adbul Jabbar.NGOs have also alleged that various government studies on contamination of water conducted reveal that the ground water of the localities contains lethal chemicals including napthol, lindane, manganese, endosulfan, methoxychlor, aldrin, dialdrin, temlik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13878209", "title": "Six ARV issues Gen VK Singh raised under CBI lens", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stepping up its probe into the purchase of Armoured Recovery Vehicles (ARVs), the CBI is focusing on the six problems with the vehicle highlighted by the former Army chief General V K Singh.Sources said that the probe agency is finding the problems for which the retired Army chief blamed the defence PSU, Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML).Singh's catalogue of Army's reservations about the vehicles that are used to recover tanks which break down or get stuck, include their allegedly exorbitant cost, and non-availability of spares locally. Most of the spares for ARVs are imported by BEML from a Polish private company Bumar.BEML has denied the charges.Gen Singh has highlighted the 'abnormal delay of eight-10 months on the part of BEML in responding to the tender enquiries'. In his brief to the CBI, accessed exclusively by TOI, the ex-Army chief has stated that BEML attributes the delay on the part of foreign collaborator since it is totally dependent on it. Exorbitant rates are a big stumbling block. \"The rates quoted by BEML are highly exorbitant and are 15-20 times the expected rates, which derail the entire procurement procedure,\" Gen Singh has told the CBI.Quality Assurance Support has been a problem as well. \"DGQA does not posses any technical details i.e. drawings and technical specifications and samples of items specific to the vehicle. These are held with BEML. As a result, requirements cannot be sources through trade,\" says a note made available to the CBI.\"Since the size of the fleet is limited and the equipment being relatively new, maintenance requirements projected by BEML are meagre and hence it appears that this does not evince any interest being uneconomical,\" it states.Lack of indigenization has been another teething problem. \"Despite availability of ToT (transfer of technology), BEML appears to be completely dependent on its foreign collaborator which aggravates delays. There has been limited enhancement in the indigenization of ARV WZT-3 since first induction. It is currently at around 30% comprising minor items. Critical assemblies and control systems are still ex-import and the cost of procurement is high,\" it explains.Absence of 'product support' tantamounts to \" ... the operational sustainment if severely inhibited\".CBI sources said that they are examining all these problems. The probe has been started after the ministry of defence had asked the agency to conduct an investigation into the operations of BEML, including the supply of ARVs. The CBI has not registered a separate case or preliminary enquiry in supply of ARVs but it is investigating it as part of its Tatra probe, the source added.In a detailed response to an earlier story of TOI about ARVs, BEML had refuted the allegations and had stated, \"As far as indigenization is concerned, BEML received two orders for the ARVs numbering 44 and 80 and 1999 and 2002 respectively. Subsequently, we received a larger order of 228 ARVs in 2004 with no indication that any further orders would follow. It is therefore, obvious that with orders for such limited numbers, indigenization level would naturally be low. BEML has endeavored to indigenize ARV to the extent of 23% in the previous order and minimum 30% in the current order executed and to 50% in the last 10 vehicles out of 204\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877148", "title": "Clouds block Transit of Venus, disappoint citizens", "text": "MUMBAI: The once-in-a-lifetime celestial drama\u2014the Transit of Venus\u2014was a complete washout in Mumbai on Wednesday as the pre-monsoon clouds played spoilsport, totally blocking the view of the sun. Had the sky been clear, Mumbaikars would have watched Venus pass across the face of the sun, producing a silhouette they would not have seen again.Despite the cloudy skies, since early morning, hundreds of star-struck Mumbaikars thronged the Nehru Planetarium, Nehru Science Centre at Worli and various other places announced by Khagol Mandal, the largest organization of private astronomers in Mumbai. They were hoping that the clouds would clear, but it did not happen, causing a lot of disappointment.Said planetarium director Arvind Paranjpye: \"Many of us slept in the planetarium and woke up at 3.30am to make arrangements for the transit. Yes, it was a washout, but there was a bright side to it, too. The news of the transit triggered a considerable amount of excitement among members of the public who came here and this, in turn, helped us spread scientific awareness.\"Recently, a private organization had sold about 3,000 solar filters to the public near the planetarium to enable them to witness the transit safely. On Wednesday, they sold about 300, hoping that the transit would become visible at some point of time. \"The production of these filters proved to be a huge waste,\" remarked a visitor. Each filter was priced at Rs 30.A Std X student, Kshitij Chhapwale, who came to the planetarium at 5.40am from his Girgaum residence, said the outcome of the transit was disappointing. A group of Mumbai university astronomy students, who spent the night at the planetarium, said there was something unpredictable about the weather. Tushar Desai, an architect, said that though it was a disappointing experience, it gave her an opportunity to network with people. \"If you miss the Transit of Venus on June 6, you will miss it forever. Special observation programme from 7am to 10.30am,\" declared a huge poster outside the Nehru Science Centre, Worli.The science centre organized a live webcast of the event from Nasa and another website in the auditorium which evoked an enthusiastic response.Abhay Deshpande of Khagol Mandal said that on account of the overcast skies, many people telephoned to find out whether they will be able to witness the transit.\"We advised them not to come to the centres announced by us till the sky becomes clear and after checking with us. Despite this, many turned up,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13883971", "title": "State industries reluctant to apply for national awards", "text": "Patna: Only 11 industrial units of the state have submitted applications for national awards-2011 despite the efforts of the State Level Selection Committee (SLSC) to motivate the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) of the state to apply for the awards in four categories, including best efforts in entrepreneurship, quality product, research and development and product and process innovation.The SLSC, chaired by the state industrial development commissioner, has sent ten of the 11 applications with its recommendation to the National Awards Selection Committee which would assess the best performing industries. SLSC's member-secretary and MSME Development Institute-Patna director D K Singh said at least 50 industrial units of the state deserved to apply for the awards. But most of them did not apply. \"National awards not only bring pride to the state but also ensure proper marketing of the quality products of the award-winning industries,\" he said.Singh said such a lukewarm attitude of Bihari entrepreneurs towards the competition for national awards was not good and they needed to change their mindset. He said most of the industries in the state did not join the fray due to lack of documentation of their production activities. For the national awards, the required documentations include testing quality of raw materials, energy conservation measures, quality certifications like the ISIs and ISOs and quality assurance techniques.Of the 10 industries recommended for the awards, at least one Patna firm may get the award in service category as the SLSC has given it 91% marks, Singh said and added industries getting 60% marks could be recommended for the awards. The awards for 2011 are likely to be given at a function at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi on August 30, he said. Singh said a local pharmaceutical company of Patna received special recognition award in 2009 and 2010 for its pharmaceutical products, particularly cough syrup. The firm's proprietor, Nand Kishore Prasad, said he received special recognition awards for entrepreneurship in 2009 and for quality product in 2010. Another unit of Patna, which manufactures iron bars, received special recognition award in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13896986", "title": "Residential properties housing shops, banks, offices to pay higher tax in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Residential properties housing commercial establishments such as offices, coaching centres, banks and shops will have to pay a higher house tax in Uttar Pradesh. The increase in the house tax could be six times of the present rate.This will be possible following an amendment in the rules for levying house tax through municipal corporations called municipal corporations property tax rules second amendment. A proposal to this effect is likely to be placed before the next state cabinet. The finance and law departments have already cleared the proposal.The said change was was conceptualised by the Mulayam government six years ago when business community urged the government to settle this issue. The then chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav had promised an amicable solution to the problem. Experts are viewing this as an effort to generate money for the public exchequer.It may be noted that chief minister Akhilesh Yadav as finance minister proposed deficit budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13890364", "title": "Five in one in Company", "text": "The five famous directors of Malayalam film industry are coming with five different stories for a movie. The movie will have five stories within itself.The name of the film is ' Company '.The directors are Joshy, Shaji Kailas, Padma Kumar, Deepan and Vinod Vijayan. Superstar Mohan Lal, Dileep , Prithivraj, Fahad Fazil, Asif Ali, Jayasurya, Anoop Menon, Anyana and Remya Nambeesan are doing the lead roles in the film.Vinod Vijayan is the producer of this movie.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13885905", "title": "University not capable of conducting exams: Students", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the inquiry committee and the police probe gave their last word on the three engineering question papers that leaked last month, students remain unsure of what lies ahead. The angst of most students was palpable as they deemed the university's inability to plug the leaks \"unfortunate\" .The University of Mumbai's Board of Examinations (BoE) will meet on Friday to decide on conducting a re-examination . Students said their worst fears are coming true as the university would, in all likelihood, announce a re-exam for all the papers that had leaked.\"We have worked very hard for the exam and it is unfair that this university was not equipped to conduct an exam in a fair manner ,\" said a student of Shah and Anchor College of Engineering. \"After one paper leaked, the university should have called off all the exams and set their house in order instead of denying the leak and continuing with the exams. Now we will be forced to take more than one paper again,\" said another student.Coming down heavily on the episode, former pro vice-chancellor A D Sawant told TOI, \"This shows total mismanagement on the university's part. There used to be a practice of not appointing temporary staff in the manuscript and printing section.\"Several students said that they are already exhausted with the month-long exam season. \"The whole month was tiring. Now it will spill over into our vacation too, which is not fair. The university is not capable of performing the basic duty of conducting an exam, and students suffer in the bargain,\" said a student who will have to appear for all the three papers, including the ATKT. Another said that while physics was manageable, they will \"really have to struggle \"with the mathematics paper.Several educationists sympathized with the students. As the principal of an engineering college in the western suburbs said, \"The university has no option but to conduct a reexam now. Students are definitely annoyed with the manner in which the entire episode was handled. Their vacation was to begin soon. Once the BoE decides on the re-exam dates, they will be forced to study again.\" He, though, advised students to try and focus for just one more week to deal with the re-exam .Another principal said that in all probability, the university will take the help of senior teachers to set papers for the re-exam and also to ensure that students are not inconvenienced with a tough paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13881918", "title": "Thieves strike at 4 shops in Sector 27 in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Burglars struck at four shops in Sector 27 market on late Tuesday night and decamped with goods and recharge coupons worth thousands of rupees, the police said.Thieves had targeted two shops of medicines, one of garments and communications and one of a tailor. Only two days ago, some miscreants targeted six shops in the Sector 16 market, in the same fashion and police is still groping in dark in that case.\"Thieves committed four burglaries on the same night. Forensic experts were also called on the spot and police is taking the help of sniffer dogs to nab the accused. Locks of the shops were broken and shutters were bent to gain entry,\" a police official said.Police was called on Wednesday morning after the shop owners found their locks broken. In the meantime, police detained some people on basis of suspicion but released them after recording their statements.\"I had left my shop around 9pm on Tuesday and had locked it myself. When I came to open it in the morning at 9, the locks were broken and over Rs 60,000 and five mobile phones were missing,\" said Girish Kumar, owner of Seema garments and communications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13877300", "title": "Pre-monsoon showers bring respite to Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The first monsoon clouds rained on the shores of Kerela on Tuesday. A day later, it rained in Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar bringing respite from humidity and heat on Wednesday evening.Weather officials said that pre-monsoon activity in the state has begun and light to moderate rain or thundershowers will occur at isolated places.\"The off-shore trough on sea level chart extending from south Gujarat coast to Kerala persists. Under the influence of this, rain or thundershowers will occur at isolated places especially during the evenings,\" said a weather official. The maximum temperature will remain around 40 degrees.Earlier, weather officials had said that all the factors had become conducive especially with the winds becoming south-westerly. The officials stated that if the factors continue to remain favourable, monsoon is likely to keep its date with Gujarat.Meanwhile, citizens reveled in the evening showers as the traffic on the roads suddenly increased. Couple went on rides to soak in the beginning of the monsoon.\"The first showers of rains are blissful. We couldn't resist the lure of the earth's aroma which wafted in the atmosphere as the rains wet the ground and settled the earth,\" said Manish Patel, a resident of Naranpura, who sped along the Ashram Road with his new bride enjoying the first rains.\"I've a green thumb and the showers told me it is time to go and buy some plants tomorrow. I'll start preparation for enhancing my terrace garden by going to the nursery,\" said Pankaj Bilimoria, a resident of Satellite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877243", "title": "\u2018Deputy CM Ajit Pawar beat the rap for poll code breach\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: An activist has found out, through the Right to Information (RTI) Act, that the State Election Commission (SEC) closed a case of poll code violation against deputy CM Ajit Pawar, although he admitted to having flouted the rules.\"Instead of letting Pawar off the hook, the SEC should have at least reprimanded Pawar. This is highly improper,\" said RTI activist Anil Galgali. \"Now, any politician will flout the poll of conduct and try to wriggle out of the situation by offering an apology and citing Pawar's case as a precedent,\" he added.However, state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayana denied Galgali's claim. \"We had served Pawar a notice for violating rules. In reply to the notice, Pawar stated that he had no intention of disobeying rules and sought the commission's pardon,\" said Satyanarayana.\"He even assured us that he would not commit a similar mistake in future. Taking Pawar's explanation into consideration, the commission closed the case,\" he added.Officials from the deputy CM's office said a petition on the poll code violation had been filed in the Bombay high court. \"It would not be appropriate for Pawar to comment on a sub-judice matter,\" a senior official said.On Monday, TOI had reported how the government had transferred a collector from Yavatmal for taking action against state Congress chief Manikrao Thakre for a similar violation. Satyanarayana cited the case of Union law minister Salman Khurshid. \"The minister was at the centre of a controversy over his Muslim sub-quota remarks. The election panel issued a notice to the minister. Khurshid, in his letter to EC, assured that such a situation would not arise again, following which the issue was closed,\" she added.Pawar had kicked up a storm by inaugurating a bridge in Pune in February. The function was held hours after the SEC announced elections to Maharashtra's civic bodies. Under the rules, Pawar's act amounted to offering a sop to voters in the run-up to the polls. The Shiv Sena-BJP combine and the MNS had demanded action against him. Meanwhile, Galgali has also taken exception to the SEC, addressing the deputy chief minister as 'dada', as Pawar is referred to by loyalists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13894388", "title": "Spirituality on canvas", "text": "Vibrancy, divinity and bright therapeutic colours is what these oils on jute are about, writes Debarati S Sen.You can be Jack of all trades but very few can master it all, too. And among those few is Dr Uma Chattrapati \u2014 doctor, trained Kathak dancer, colour therapist and an artist. For her, art is all about spirituality, being free, letting go, and most importantly, it is a way to give more to the world around her.Talking about her latest show titled Krida, a play of colours, Uma says with a smile, \"I have lost count of the number of shows I have had. This is probably my 26th show. It is about the play of colours.\"Uma's works are singularly thought provoking and stand out on the specially treated jute that she uses as her canvas. The grainy texture of the natural medium makes her works striking and this unique feel of the non-synthetic medium is important to her. Inundated in spirituality, she admits, \"I am always in a trance. I am living in an out of this world experience, 24x7. It is as if a hand is guiding me all the time, I am always in meditation.\" Uma never really plans her work nor sketches before painting, she just goes with the flow and lets God guide her to make the painting. \"Just like M F Hussain, I have been a painter from childhood but never had any formal education in art. I gave up my medical practice and shut down my clinic to pursue this. I can sit down to paint anywhere, I used to paint even in my clinic. As a child, I would stay awake till late in the night, painting,\" she says. Uma does not believe in doing one particular type of work for a show. She says, \"Do we eat the same food every single day? Just like we need some meetha, some khatta, some theekha in a meal, we need different variations in life, too. I don't believe in rigid rules while painting, rather, I do whatever comes to me. I have paintings that are colourful, and some that just have sliver. I feel I am the medium through which God is doing His work. My paintings, the colours I use are theraputic, and with my medical background I have found it really works.\"Dr Uma Chattrapati's works can be viewed at Jehangir Art Gallery, Kala Ghoda till June 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "13879514", "title": "Woman dies in road accident near Ooty", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A 62-year-old woman died and 15 others were injured when a van in which they were travelling dashed against an abandoned well and fell into the Moyar River near Mudumalai Tiger Reserve (MTR) on Wednesday.Police said 26 tourists from Bangalore were travelling towards Ooty in a van on Wednesday. On reaching Abiranyam near MTR, the speeding van lost control and hit against an abandoned well. The vehicle also fell into the Moyar River. M Tajnisa (62) died on the spot while 15 others sustained injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13898069", "title": "UP govt revives education body to oversee distribution of laptops", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Akhilesh Yadav government has decided to restore the Uttar Pradesh Secondary Education Campaign Council, that was formed in 2009 to oversee the implementation of secondary education campaign in the state. The council would however oversee Samajwadi Party's mega project for distribution of tablets and laptops. The council would however remain effective till a separate Project Management Unit for the implementation of the scheme is formed.The council has state secondary education minister and chief secretary as the ex-officio members along with ministers of basic education, planning, finance and social welfare. Since, the Chief Minister also holds the portfolio of state secondary education minister, the step would mean that the entire monitoring and management of the scheme would be directly under his purview through the council.Meanwhile in another decision, the government has invited a request for proposal from state's empanelled consultants. The request for proposal has been mooted by the UP Electronics Corporation, which has been appointed as the procurement agency for the mega project.The consultant (which could be either Ernst and Young, KMPG India, Feedback Ventures or Deloitte India) will play a key role in helping the SP government to fulfil its decision to distribute an estimated 22 lakh laptops and 26 lakh tablets to students, who pass high school and intermediate from various boards in the state. The selected consultant will have to float an e-tender while moderating and managing the entire bidding process . The last date to respond to the request for proposal is June 9.The Samajwadi Party government had decided to float a global tender for bulk purchase of tablet PCs and laptops through a cabinet decision. Since the number of eligible candidates for the scheme is substantial, officers looking after the project are of the view that competitive bidding through a global tender would make the cost competitive.Later, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav constituted an overseeing committee headed by chief secretary Jawed Usmani to supervise the procurement of the laptops and tablet PCs. The CM is monitoring the project and has made it clear that his government is looking forward to buy quality products at competitive prices. He also wants that the work should be completed within next three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13879493", "title": "Loktak fishermen demand 'right to live'", "text": "IMPHAL: Hundreds of fishermen whose floating huts built on the 'phumdis' ( floating biomass) of Loktak Lake were burnt down by the government have renewed their 'right to live and coexist' demand.The affected fisherman staged a protest in the middle of the lake in Bishnupur district in over 100 boats before holding a meeting atop a sizable 'phumdi' on Tuesday.The Loktak Development Authority (LDA), a state-run agency set up to protect and conserve the biggest freshwater lake in eastern India, destroyed around 1,000 floating huts during November and December last year under the provisions of the Loktak Provision Act 2006.The fishing community, under the aegis of the All Loktak Lake Area Fishermen's Union, Manipur (Allafum) demanded that the government review the act thoroughly to ensure it is in sync with the international standards and protects their fundamental rights.Hordes of social and human rights activists including Debabrata Roy, convener of the Centre for Organization, Research and Education (Core), along with Salam Manibabu, a key leader of Allafum, are supporting the fishermen's demand.Manibabu said the fishing activities of over 10,000 fishermen have been hindered since their dwellings were destroyed by the government. Though the government gave a meagre compensation to the fishermen after the eviction, no explicit policy has been framed for their rehabilitation, Manibabu lamented.Allafum secretary Oinam Rajen condemned any initiative for the development of a 'green economy' in Manipur that excludes the fishermen. He also condemned blocking and barraging of the tributaries and destroying of their homes along with the indigenous flora.\"We reminded the state and the Centre that India is a signatory of the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, which sets the minimum standards for the protection and promotion of indigenous peoples' rights internationally,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13875135", "title": "Government to strengthen e-governance initiatives", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Moving one more step towards the 100% digital state dream, the government has given an in principle clearance for establishing department wide area networks (Department WAN) connecting various core department offices at Public Office and Vikas Bhavan here and linking those networks with the Kerala State Wide Area Network (K-SWAN) - the common network infrastructure the state had set up for implementing various e-governance initiatives.Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has been entrusted with the task of networking the existing local area networks in these major office complexes and establishing a Department WAN. Kerala State IT Mission shortlisted TCS for the work. The cost for design, supply, installation, operation and maintenance of optical fibre cable (OFC)-based Department WAN is estimated Rs 1.86 crore. Department WAN will consist of a network of existing local area networks (LANs) that connects various government departments.\"Department of information technology through Kerala State IT Mission, intends to establish a state-of-the-art Department WAN in Public Office and Vikas Bhavan buildings thus giving access of IT services available through KSWAN to each of the government department located here and bringing the government offices under the state information infrastructure,\" said a recent government order that gave the in principle sanction for the work. Department WAN will enable networked departments to access data, voice and video services already available in the state information infrastructure.Major offices that come under the Department WAN network include public works department, civil supplies, excise and land revenue departments. Land use board, local fund audit department, panchayat department, department of urban affairs, commercial taxes department, directorate of industries and commerce, directorate of social welfare, directorate of handlooms, directorate of fisheries, directorate of tribal welfare, directorate of sainik welfare, directorate of animal husbandry and directorate of collegiate education will also be included in this network.Thiruvananthapuram: Moving one step forward towards the 100% digital state dream, state government has given in principal clearance for establishing Department Wide Area Networks (Department WAN) connecting various core department offices at Public Office and Vikas Bhavan here and linking those networks with the Kerala State Wide Area Network (K-SWAN), the common network infrastructure the state had set up for implementing various e-governance initiatives.Tata Consultancy has been entrusted with the task of networking the existing local area networks in these major office complexes and establishing a Department WAN. Kerala State IT Mission shortlisted TCS for the work and the cost for the design, supply, installation, operation and maintenance of optical fibre cable (OFC)-based department WAN was estimated Rs 1.86 crore.The Department WAN will consist of a network of existing local area networks (LANs) of the offices of government department.\"Department of Information Technology, Government of Kerala, through Kerala State IT Mission, intends to establish a state-of-the-art Department WAN with optical fibre/ gigabite network backbone in Public Office and Vikas Bhavan Buildings thus giving access of IT services available through KSWAN to each of the government department located in Public Office and Vikas Bhavan Buildings and bringing the Government offices under the State Information Infrastructure,\" said the recent government order that gave in principal sanction to the work . The Department WAN will enable the networked departments to access data, voice and video services already available in the state information infrastructure.Major offices that come under the Department WAN network include public works department, civil supplies, excise, land revenue department, land use board, local fund audit department, panchayat department, department of urban affairs, commercial taxes department, directorate of industries and commerce, directorate of social welfare, directorate of handlooms, directorate of fisheries, directorate of tribal welfare, directorate of Sainik welfare, directorate of animal husbandry and directorate of collegiate education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13879223", "title": "Shortage of staff, books plagued govt schools", "text": "New Delhi: Between 2008 and 2011, hundreds of government school students spent up to eight months without books; many went without food as contractors failed to supply mid-day meals or replace bad quality cooked food in time; and thousands were made to sit in the open due to shortage of classrooms and in some cases had to also cope with acute shortage of teachers.Also pointing towards large-scale unnecessary re-appropriation of funds from 2008-09 to 2010-11, the CAG has pulled up Delhi government for mismanagement of school education.The CAG says that Delhi government's directorate of education, right from 2008 to 2011, delayed the release of funds for purchase of books and uniform to assist poor children in government schools. The funds for books and uniforms were released after half the session was over in 2008-09 and 2009-10, while the stationery funds for SC/ ST/OBC students were delayed by over a year, defeating the very purpose of the schemes.The report also points at large-scale shortage of manpower and classrooms and delays in construction of school buildings. While the number of students in government schools increased from 11.87 lakh to 13.82 lakh, since 2007-08 there has been no revision of the sanctioned strength of staff. \"The pupil-teacher ratio in government schools varied from 10 to 276 whereas according to Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009, it should not be more than 40. Further, 106 schools were upgraded without allocating qualified additional manpower,\" the report said. It added, \"Shortage of teachers in miscellaneous categories was particularly acute, ranging from 18% to 99%.\"The report has made shocking revelations like the fact that Sarvodaya Co-ed Middle School, Buland Masjid, with 1,676 students, was functioning without teachers, while three schools - Government Boys Senior Secondary School, Vasundhara Enclave, Government Co-ed Senior Secondary, Ranhaula and Sarvodaya Vidyalaya, Dr. Ambedkar Nagar - had no students.Scrutiny of records of 143 schools revealed that there was a shortage of classrooms in 59 schools, going up to 24 classrooms. Moreover, in 90 schools, the average number of students in each class was more than 45. There were schools where there were 140 students in a class.The report also rapped DoE for a deficient internal control mechanism, observing that although every school was required to be inspected at least once a year, only 2% to 3% of unaided schools were being inspected while there was no inspection at all in the aided schools.The CAG report also revealed gross financial mismanagement and how in one particular case delay in construction of the school building in Khajoori Khas resulted in escalation of cost from Rs 66.67 lakh to Rs 99.91 lakh at the time of its completion in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13880710", "title": "Plans for central kitchen meals in rural schools", "text": "NASHIK: Attempting to give hygienic food under the mid-day meals scheme to school children, the state is contemplating taking the central kitchen scheme to rural areas as well.The office of the deputy director of education had, in February 2012, sought a report from various officials about the feasibility of starting the scheme in rural areas after the state's decision to implement the same in urban areas for the academic year 2012-13.\"We have asked officials to inform us about the feasibility of running such a scheme, and giving the work to locals, primarily women self help groups (SHGs),\" U V Deore, superintendent-II, primary education, Nashik zilla parishad said.There were some petitions in the Mumbai high court challenging the state government's decision to create central kitchens in urban areas. Though the petitions focussed on the strengthening of the SHGs of women, the government clearly identified that the focus of the scheme was not to the strengthen SHGs but to benefit schoolchildren. \"Since children should be given quality food, the central kitchen sheme - where the party has no right to appoint any sub-contractor and only work on no-profit no-loss basis - has been started. This has been upheld by the high court as well,\" informed a senior official.However, officials involved in preparing reports for the central kitchen scheme in rural areas are of the view that there can be no blanket decision on the issue, it has to be decided on a case-to-case basis. \"Especially in the rural and hilly areas of the district, it is very difficult to have such a scheme during the rainy season as movement is totally paralysed in the areas due to roads being cut off. As such it is feasible to prepare food locally only,\" the official said.The central kitchen system will operate in civic corporations and councils. Each unit will be able to provide food to 25,000 children for schools in specific areas. Nashik with nearly 88,000 students will have four contractors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13877548", "title": "HC refuses to stay release of 'Shanghai'", "text": "New Delhi: Saying one the songs in the Bollywood movie Shanghai merely depicts the \"existing state of affairs\", Delhi high court on Wednesday refused to stay release of the film.A division bench of Justice Vipin Sanghi and Justice Rajiv Shakdher found nothing insulting in its song \"Bharat Mata ki jai\" and added, \"In a democracy, every person has a right to voice his views and opinions... the same right to speech and expression cannot be curtailed except under some circumstances.\"The court dismissed the petition, pointing out that the author of the song has \"merely sought to portray the existing state of affairs in India, which was once considered a golden bird... is now infested with diseases like dengue and malaria.\"Filed by one Tejinder Pal Singh Bagga, president of Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena, the PIL sought an interim stay on release of Shanghai until its song \"Bharat Mata Ki Jai\" was deleted. Bagga alleged the song used insulting words, and that it \"hurt many people who are patriotic in nature\".Seeking removal of the song, the petitioner asked the government and the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) to take steps to ban the sale of audio CDs of the film. Padora contended that the term 'Bharat Mata' has been presented in the most \"humiliating, outrageous and insulting manner\" in the song and it showed the writer has no \"love and respect\" for India and the term 'Bharat Mata'.Appearing for the Centre, counsel Sumeet Pushkarna sought dismissal of the PIL arguing the song has to be appreciated in the specific context of the film and it is part of creative freedom available to the director.HC agreed with the Centre and noted that \"similar accusations were made against great filmmaker Satyajit Ray that he used to sell the darker side of India abroad.\" The court said that \"artistic freedom\" cannot be restricted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13883078", "title": "Cantt railway station to have a feel of city heritage", "text": "VARANASI: The Railway Heritage and Culture Committee is planning to place posters, hoardings and replica of historical sites of the holy city at Cantonment railway station in order to enable passengers passing through this station to take a glimpse of such sites, where they have not visited.This was disclosed by the chairperson of Railway Heritage and Culture Committee Saoli Mitra after she conducted an inspection of the Cantonment railway station with senior railway officers on Wednesday. She said that these models and replica would also have pictures of the scenic ghats and umbrellas made of bamboo.She also held a meeting with railway officials to seek their suggestions for developing the station as a model railway station as per the importance of the city thereby attracting more tourists.Raid at reservation center: The surprise raid conducted by the anti-fraud team of railway at the computerised railway ticket reservation centre led to chaos there on Wednesday. When the team entered the reservation counter, ticket 'dalals' (unauthorised ticketing agents) fled from the scene and the reservation staffs threw reservation forms and money given by them. During the checking of documents and cash, the squad members also detected some irregularities at one counter. The squad returned after preparing its report for forwarding it to their senior authorities for initiating necessary action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13878780", "title": "Education panel holds first meeting", "text": "KOLKATA: The seven-member committee, formed by education minister Bratya Basu in April, held its first meeting on Wednesday. The committee will suggest ways to improve a few clauses and statutes in the amended University Act and will submit its report within August.Wednesday's meeting was which was chaired by the state higher education council chairman, Sugato Marjit. Other members of the panel include the department's joint secretary, Madhumita Roy and the VCs of Netaji Subhash Open University, Presidency University, Calcutta University, North Bengal University and Vidyasagar University. Suranjan Das however remained absent.The seven-member committee, formed by education minister Bratya Basu in April, held its first meeting on Wednesday. It was which was chaired by the state higher education council chairman, Sugato Marjit. Other members of the panel include the department's joint secretary, Madhumita Roy and the VCs of Netaji Subhash Open University, Presidency University, Calcutta University, North Bengal University and Vidyasagar University. Suranjan Das however remained absent. The committee will suggest ways to improve a few clauses and statutes in the amended University Act. They will look at the problems and help overcome the shortcomings. Some of the varsities have informed about problems they have faced while implementing the act.The committee will make recommendations to sort out the problems and if necessary make further amendments. The committee will submit its report within August.Officers of Enforcement Branch on Tuesday recovered lubricant oil of Rs 3.5 crore from an unlicensed production unit at Salkia in Howrah. The manufacturers have a registered office at Sarat Bose Road in south Kolkata. One person has been arrested in connection with the case.A 68-year-old man, Subimal Hait, was found dead inside his locked room at KG Bose Sarani of Beliaghata. No marks of external injury were found. Probe revealed that he was last seen on Monday. Police suspect that he died of cardiac arrest probably caused his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13895886", "title": "SVSC satellite rights sold for 8.5 cr?", "text": "With TV channels and networks competing to acquire the satellite rights of Tollywood movies, the market is hotter than ever before. Films are being sold for exorbitant prices and producers are recovering a huge part of their project investment, much before the film's release.\" Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\" is getting bigger with each passing day and is increasing the excitement amongst the fans who awaiting this biggie that's slated for Dussera release. The latest buzz to hit the marquee is that the satellite rights of \"Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\" have been sold for a whopping 8.5 crores.After creating a strong buzz, the multi-starrer film gets a hefty sum for its satellite telecast acquired by a leading TV channel it seems. Directed by Srikanth Addala and produced by Dil Raju, the film has Mahesh Babu, Venkatesh, Samantha and Anjali in the lead roles. And these big names in the film have made the movie quite hot in the trade.Given the film's cast, market value and their reputation, the cost of the telecast rights might not surprise many. Recently, the makers have released the teaser of the film and the response has been superb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13876258", "title": "Little chlorine content in city\u2019s drinking water", "text": "Noida: A check carried out by the health department in Noida and Greater Noida has revealed that the water supplied to the district is not chlorinated making it an ideal breeding ground for various disease-causing micro-organisms. The health department said that out of 34 water samples collected from different areas in Noida and Greater Noida in the past month, many have insufficient chlorination.The chief medical officer of the health department said that in such a situation, where the water is not chlorinated, the outbreak of an epidemic is not out of the question. The Noida Authority has, however, written to the health department claiming that even though the quantity of chlorine is less, the water is 'free of germs'.\"Chlorination is essentially the process of adding chlorine into water as a method of water purification to make it fit for human consumption. Moreover, the water when treated with chlorine prevents the spread of waterborne diseases,\" explained Dr RK Garg, CMO, Noida.The health department took eight samples from four areas in Noida on May 26. \"We took two samples each from Sectors 39, 41, 50 and 51. However, in all areas we found that the water samples had zero chlorine. A day later, however, the water samples from the same area had chlorine content,\" added Garg. According to Garg, water samples had previously been collected from four different areas in Greater Noida and even they were found to have no chlorine in them. \"This is quite dangerous. Not only can people fall sick drinking this water, but there can also be a large scale epidemic in the district if this is not addressed soon,\" he said.The Noida Authority, however, maintains that the water supplied in the households is fit for drinking and free of germs. In a letter addressed to the health department, Authority officials said that they have their own measure of testing the water for germs, wherein water samples from the same area have passed tests of purity and microbial infections.According to sources in the health department, the Noida Authority has proposed that in future water sampling by the health department would be undertaken in association with the water department of the Authority. The proposal is yet to be finalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880728", "title": "Cable TV operators seek more time to go digital", "text": "Chennai: Chennai television viewers, it seems, may have to wait longer for a digital viewing experience. Stakeholders like government-run Arasu Cable TV Corporation and Sun TV Network's Sumangali Cable Vision are still not prepared to meet the July 1 deadline to digitize cable network.The information and broadcasting ministry has hinted that it may extend the deadline on a city-to-city basis \"if there is a need\".The regulator, Trai, has asked cable operators in all the four metros - Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai - to go digital by July 1, 2012, and the rest of India by end of 2014.To go digital, operators will have to procure set-top boxes, change the existing cable into fibre optic cable, and set up high-tech amplifier.However, Kolkata and Chennai are lagging behind. In Chennai, only 12.5% of the subscribers have STBs now.Thamizhaga Cable TV Operators General Welfare Association, which caters to 90% of the state's cable subscribers, said it would need at least 4 months to digitize cable in Chennai. Arasu has asked the Centre for six months extension to launch digital services.\"It is highly impossible to launch digital network in Chennai before July,\" the operators' association president, P Sakilan, said. He said even if STBs are given free of cost to customers, it will take four months to import them, test-run them, and deliver it to 40 lakh customers in Chennai.The biggest challenge for operators, Sakilan said, is to convince people to shell out Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,500 for STBs. \"Of the total 40 lakh consumers in Chennai, about 25 lakh are middle and lower class family,\" he said, adding that the lower-middle class would not be able to afford STBs.Arasu has asked cable TV operators in Chennai to estimate the number of STBs needed in their areas. It has only recently floated tenders to procure set-top boxes. \"The state will get one lakh STBs from the identified bidder within eight weeks of the award of contract. The rest will be procured from the firm in a phased manner,\" said a government official, adding that the government operator has no plan to give STBs free.Cable operators in Delhi and Mumbai have moved court seeking an extension of the deadline. An Edelweiss report said that Chennai and Kolkata are likely to miss the deadline and that the respective governments have sought for a deadline extension.However, any delay in the digitization of cable network will affect the direct-to-home (DTH) players, who are expecting an exodus from cable TV subscribers. In anticipation, DTH players like Airtel have stocked STBs. \"Demand so far is not matching our preparations... If July 1 deadline holds, the demand for STBs will shoot up as people really don't have an option when TV stops showing channels,\" said Shashi Arora, CEO-DTH and media, Bharti Airtel.The demand for STBs will be around 70 to 75 lakh in the metros. \"We have already got the supplies. We have also hired temporary workers to help with the installation process and we have invested a lot in retail and distribution, by increasing outlets, to ensure visibility,\" said Arora.According to a report by Motilal Oswal, a securities brokerage firm, DTH has a subscriber base of 4 crore or one-third of the total cable and satellite base of 12 crore.With digitization, viewers will benefit in terms of choice and quality. They will be able to choose and pay for channels they want.On the industry side, increased transparency will result in accurate reporting of subscriber base and revenue. This will curb misreporting of statistics by operators and will lead to better profitability for broadcasters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "13881693", "title": "3 die, 120 fall ill after drinking impure water", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Three persons died and 120 fell terribly ill after drinking contaminated water which was supplied to their tanda through the mini water supply scheme at Seethapura tanda in Kadur taluk here on Wednesday.Seethapura tanda, 16km from Kadur, has houses which get drinking water through the mini water supply scheme.On Tuesday, many residents started vomiting and suffered severe stomach ache after drinking the water.They were admitted to the hospital in Kadur, but Ganglybai, 82, Rooplybai, 62, and Seethanayak, 55, succumbed.Health authorities rushed to the spot with para medical staff to save the others.Residents have been asked not to use the water supplied through the mini water scheme till the cause of contamination was investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "13878555", "title": "Mom outscores son in higher secondary exam", "text": "NADIA: We usually find equals competing against each other. But this story has a twist in it with a mother and son pitched against one another and the strong-willed mother outscoring her son second time in a row.Ruma Dutta, 34, a resident of Shantipur's Ghoshpara, has outshone her son, Subhajit, by 90 marks in the Higher Secondary Examination. While Ruma scored 263, her son - a student of Oriental Academy School - got 173.\"It was 19 years ago in 1993 that my dream to pursue studies was shattered after I was married off just a day before the Madhaymik test examination,\" recalled Ruma. Later, she got involved in her husband's weaving business.Currently, Ruma works as a contractual honorary health worker at the Shantipur Municipality. It was this job that helped Ruma gain back her lost confidence and she convinced her husband that she wanted to continue her studies. Luckily, her husband encouraged her and she enrolled herself at the Radharani Nari Siksha Mandir in Shantipur.\"I appeared for the Madhyamik Examination along with my son in 2010. Though both of us got a second division, I scored almost 100 marks more than my son. I am happy with my HS marks, but at the same time I am sad at my son's poor score,\" said Ruma, whose younger son is in class IX.Subhajit said, \"My mother outdid me in Madhyamik. Thus, I wanted to beat her in the HS exam. But I failed this time too. I am really happy for my mother's success.\"Her husband is also elated at her success. \"My wife does all the household chores and is also sincere towards her job in the health department. She is a responsible mother as well as a caring wife. I am proud of her,\" said Sushanta Dutta.\"I had to cook for my family before going to the exam centre. I also had to go about doing household work when I returned after writing a paper,\" Ruma said. She wants to complete her graduation from Shantipur college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13876547", "title": "Duo arrested for automobile theft, vehicles recovered", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saroornagar police arrested two car lifters and recovered stolen vehicles worth Rs 8 lakh from their possession.The accused have been identifies as K Mukesh Reddy of Chittoor and Nizampet's K Sambasiva Rao. The duo was nabbed by a special police team on Tuesday night while they were moving in a stolen four-wheeler at Saroornagar. During interrogation, the duo confessed to seven vehicle thefts in various parts of the city. The police recovered three bikes and three four-wheelers from their possession. They were produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody.Elsewhere, a 35-year-old daily wage-earner on Tuesday night committed suicide at the faculty quarters of the University of Hyderabad. The victim G Rajasekhar hailed from Aldipuram village in Rangareddy district. Rajasekharwas found hanging by a rope from the ceiling in the servant's room of faculty quarter number A 35. Rajasekhar's wife, Manjula works as a domestic help at the faculty members house and they stay at the servant's room. The faculty member and his family are on vacation since past one month.Prior to ending his life, Rajasekhar had a heated argument with his wife who refused to give him money for liquor. Thereafter, Manjula left in a huff for her parents' home. On Wednesday morning, another servant working in the faculty quarters noticedRajasekhar was found hanging by his neck.tnn \"There was no suicide note and we have booked a suspicious death case under section 174 of CrPC,\" Chandanagar SI D Narsimhulu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13877317", "title": "Govt tells SC it had no role in Fasih's 'arrest'", "text": "New Delhi: Mystery behind the disappearance of Indian engineer Fasih Mahmood, a suspect in Bangalore's Chinnaswamy Stadium blast case, in Saudi Arabia deepened on Wednesday with the Centre telling the Supreme Court that its agencies had no role in his alleged arrest on May 13.Fasih's wife Nikhat Parveen had alleged that Saudi Arabian police accompanied by plain-clothed Indian intelligence personnel had arrested him from their Al Jubair residence on May 13 and since then there had been no news of him save a single brief phone call conveying that he had been arrested.Responding to SC's notice, additional solicitor general (ASG) Gaurab Banerjee told a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and J S Khehar that its investigating agencies neither accompanied Saudi Arabian police in effecting the alleged arrest nor had he been brought to India.Banerjee said ministry of external affairs (MEA) officials had been trying their best to elicit information from Saudi Arabian authorities about Fasih. \"The external affairs secretary and the home secretary have conveyed that neither Indian agencies nor its officials were part of any alleged action to arrest Fasih in Saudi Arabia. It is not correct to say that Indian police arrested him. He is not in India,\" he said.The ASG said the Indian ambassador in Riyadh took prompt action after a news item reported about Fasih's alleged arrest and had written to Saudi Arabian government on May 16 seeking his whereabouts. \"We issued a reminder on May 31 but the Indian government is yet to get a response from its Saudi Arabian counterparts,\" Banerjee said. Banerjee said the MEA summoned the Saudi Arabian ambassador for a meeting on Wednesday on this issue and that the Indian ambassador in Riyadh was seeking an urgent meeting with the authorities there.The ASG said CBI had issued a red corner notice against Fasih, who hails from Darbhanga in Bihar, on May 30. This could rule out the red corner notice being the reason behind Fasih's arrest on May 13.After reading the red corner notice issued by CBI as Interpol member, the bench said: \"No doubt the allegations (against Fasih) are serious, but we would like to know where he is. But, if he is not in India we cannot issue a direction on the habeas corpus petition.\" The SC asked the Centre to get back on Monday with whatever response it receives from Saudi Arabia.The red corner notice said Fasih's name surfaced during probe into the blasts allegedly triggered by IM at Pune's German Bakery on February 13, 2010, two blasts in Bangalore's - one at the Chinnaswamy stadium and the other at the office of Additional Director General of Police - on April 17, 2010, and the Jama Masjid shootout and blast in Delhi on September 19, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13880789", "title": "Supreme Court verdict on Nupur Talwar\u2019s plea in Arushi murder case today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday will pronounce its verdict on Nupur Talwar's petition seeking review of the apex court's January 6 judgement asking her to face trial in the case of murder of her daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj.Justices AK Patnaik and J S Khehar will pronounce separate orders on Nupur's review plea. It would be known on Thursday whether there would be unanimity or dissent among the judges on accepting Nupur's plea for quashing of trial proceedings against her. She had also sought re-investigation on the ground that the evidence collected by the CBI was replete with discrepancies.The court had concluded hearing on the review petition on May 16. \"Please order re-investigation as there are glaring discrepancies in the evidence. We do not want a clean chit. But for someone else's criminal act we should not face trial in the murder case,\" Nupur's counsel had told the bench.The apex court on January 6 had upheld the Ghaziabad magistrate's February 9, 2011, order summoning the parents \u2014 Nupur and Rajesh Talwar \u2014 as accused despite the CBI filing a closure report.During the arguments on the review petition, her counsel Pinaki Misra had requested the court to direct the agency to conduct 'touch DNA test' of several articles in foreign laboratories to conclusively establish whether an outsider \"made a friendly entry\" into Talwar's Sector 25 flat in Noida and committed the murders on May 16, 2008.For the CBI, senior advocate Siddharth Luthra had said, \"At the stage of summoning, the magistrate only takes a preliminary view of the evidence on record and its sufficiency to warrant summoning of accused. If the accused are aggrieved by it, they could point out the discrepancies and loopholes in the chain of events constructed by the investigating agency and seek a discharge from the Sessions court to which the magistrate has already committed the case for trial.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13879293", "title": "New one-ways and no-parking zones in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: The Regional Transport Authority (RTA) has approved new one-ways, U-turn prohibitions and no-parking zones in the city.Following the approval of the suggestions made in this regard by the city police, authorities will install new signboards and start implementing the regulations at the earliest.As part of the plan, RTA has introduced new traffic regulations in the city. Since two-wheelers and auto rickshaws are being diverted through the Pullepady Bridge, Chittur Road will no longer be a one-way. However, heavy vehicles will not be allowed on to this road from the Government Girls High School Junction.Vehicles coming from Paramara Road will not be allowed to turn right to Banerjee Road in front of the Town Hall.Right turn will be prohibited at Kumaranasan Junction, Kumaranasan Road and Salim Rajan Road on the Kaloor-Kadavanthara Road. Also at Kacheripady Junction for vehicles coming from Chittur Road and at Palarivattom-bypass Road for vehicles coming from Pipeline Road.One ways approved by RTA:-Veekshanam Road: from MG Road to Chittur Road-Jew Street: from Chittur Road to MG Road-Chatyath Cross Road to Don Bosco Junction, Vaduthala-Sreekandath Road: Old Thevara Road to MG RoadNo parking zones-Sides of Old Railway Station Road-Sides of IS Press Club Road-Sides of St Albert's Road-Traffic Island circle in front of Police Club and Old High Court-Pachalam market to Railway gate on Chittur Road-All junctions in Chittur Road and Kaloor-Kadavanthara Road-The stretch from Oberon Mall junction on National Highway bypass to Padivattom on Edappally-Tripunithura RoadU-Turn prohibited at:-Padma Junction, Shenoys Junction, Jose Junction and Pallimukku on MG Road-Pharmacy Junction and Town Hall Junction on Banerjee Road-Kadavanthara Road, Manorama Junction and Valanjambalam Junction on Sahodharan Ayyappan Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13876609", "title": "Welder injured in freak mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: A welder Mohammed Salim Ansari sustained serious burn injuries after he was engulfed in the flames following an explosion of the battery of a truck at a garage. The incident took place on Wednesday near Teka Naka on Kamptee Road. Apart from the affected vehicle, another truck parked adjacent to it was also gutted down.Ansari was working on a truck owned by Jaswirsingh Oberoi at the garage. Another truck belonging to Nitin Gajbhiye too had come to a repair shop in the vicinity. Both trucks were parked close to each other. The explosion and subsequent fire in the truck of Oberoi spread to Gajbhiye's truck too.While the trucks were engulfed in flames, local residents and workers of adjacent shops struggled to rescue Ansari from them. He was later rushed to Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital. Fire brigade and personnel from Pachpaoli police station rushed to the place. The fire were doused before it could spread to the other establishments in the vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13877189", "title": "After filing mutual divorce petition, wife can not withdraw and ask for more money: HC", "text": "JAIPUR: If an estranged wife, after filing for divorce through mutual consent and took money under an agreement, takes a U-turn and subsequently withdraws consent for divorce and force the husband to pay more money, then such a step itself is a valid ground for divorce and such U-turn cannot be allowed to be used to harass the husband, the Rajasthan High Court has held.The order came on an appeal filed by one Anil Khatwani against the order of distirct judge, Bhilwara, whereby the latter had dismissed the joint petition moved by Anil and his wife Nishtha under Section 13B of Hindu Marriage Act for granting divorce by mutual consent based on a compromise.As per the compromise arrived between the parties in January 2007, Anil agreed to pay a sum of Rs 5 lakh to Nishtha to get their marriage dissolved by way of mutual consent and also to get an FIR filed under Sections 498A and 406 against him and his relatives quashed.The agreement was acted upon, money was paid and based on it, a single judge of the high court quashed the FIR filed against the husband. However, later when the district court was about to grant the divorce, the wife withdrew the consent alleging that she has not been paid any money for alimony and that the agreement was arrived under force. On her application, the district judge, Bhilwara dismissed their joint application for divorce.The husband then appealed in the high court. His counsel, Sachin Acharya contended: \"The mischievous and unilateral withdrawal of consent by wife at a belated stage, more so when she has accepted the money and never made any effort to reconcile in the past 7 years, cannot be said to be a genuine act.\"Upholding the contentions of the counsel for petitioner, Justice Dr Vineet Kothari in a 81-page judgment said: \"In such cases in the present day society, the 'consent' is mischievously withheld or delayed to extort more amount of permanent alimony than the one initially agreed upon and received by the estranged wife from the forlorn husband. An application to formally withdraw the petition under Section 13B moved unilaterally without real intent to join back &amp; restore the matrimonial home can be used as a tool for harassment of the husband to extort more money from him, knowing well that at that stage pushing him to the channel of regular divorce petition would not only be a long drawn process but the same would not allow him any opportunity to remarry with the advancing age if he still wants it &amp; settle in life again.\"Reprimanding the conduct of the wife, the court said: \"What has been stated by the wife in this case is not genuine. She has no intention to live together and she never made any effort to reconcile nor refunded the money taken. Her statements are nothing but simply tissues of lies and simply an afterthought.\"The court held that if consent is sought to be withdrawn on some frivolous grounds or just to open a front to extort more money, then the withdrawal of such consent has to be examined in the background of the reasons given for such withdrawal and the courts below can still pass a decree of divorce even if the wife has moved an application to annul the divorce petition filed jointly with her estranged husband.Setting aside the order of the district judge, the high court held that the consent of the wife to not to live together was continuing and granted decree of divorce to the husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13879760", "title": "Venus transit amidst much enthusiasm in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: School children and the general public witnessed the historical Transit of Venus with much enthusiasm in many parts of the city on Wednesday. The Transit of Venus, the last in this century, unfolded across the early morning sky with the planet Venus passing between the Sun and the Earth.The Tamil Nadu Science Forum set up a telescope in St Britto School in Gnanaolivupuram while the Galileo Science Centre arranged for three telescopes at the Teppakulam. Soon after dawn, school children assembled at the Britto School to witness the rare astronomic event. Curious morning walkers and joggers at Teppakulam also joined in to observe the transit of Venus. It was interesting to note the curiosity among the students as one kindergarten student was eagerly asking the coordinators why it was found dark in the transition while they were taught Venus was a bright planet.Speaking about the significance of the event, P Kumarasamy of Science Forum said this celestial event occurs when the planet Venus passes directly between the Sun and Earth. During the transit, Venus is seen as a small black disc moving across the face of the Sun. Such transits can occur only when Earth, Venus and Sun are in a straight parallel to one another in a plane. Venus transits occur rarely and past records show a pattern in the occurrence, namely, a 243 year cycle. \"The differences in the velocity of the revolutions, differences in the plane of revolution between Earth and Venus make this event a rare phenomenon and the next transit will be witnessed only after 105 years,\" he said.A Sathiamanickam, co-ordinator of Galileo Science Centre said more than 5,000 people, including students from eight neighbouring schools, came to witness the event. The Centre, along with the Mother Teresa Women University in Kodaikanal had made the necessary preparations. Besides, the Centre had also arranged a small exhibition explaining the solar system. Retired scientists like N S Sivasubramanian from ISRO and M D Jayakumar of BARC were also present to explain the significance of the event. \"We were able to capture the transit as early as 6.10 am onwards and it lasted till 10.20 am. The planet Venus was very distinctly visible and the black spots on the sun were also visible,\" he said.At Britto School, the transit was visible from 7 am onwards and students from 50 schools witnessed the event. K Kadasari, district secretary of Tamil Nadu Science Forum said the forum had organised a training programme for its members from May 4 onwards and all the members as well as teachers were educated about the event. Besides, Science Forum made a small device by pasting a mirror in a concave plastic ball to capture the reflection of the sunlight. In many rural schools, teachers used this device to capture the Venus transit. As news about the transit spread, parents who did want their children to miss the event started bringing their wards to the spots. Even auto-drivers crossing the Teppakulam took a moment to witness the event and many who reached after 10.20 am were disappointed. Periakaruppan of Anna Nagar, who had brought his family to Teppakulam, said he wanted to make sure that his children would not miss the a rare event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13882873", "title": "4 Bangalore residents lose Rs 7 lakh in Chandigarh hospital", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dollar dreams turned sour with four natives of Bangalore who were duped of nearly Rs 7 lakh by a Chandigarh-based man.He not only duped them of their money but also tried to kill them by giving them intoxicant-laced coffee.The victims were identified as Rita, her husband John Bosco, Ravinder Nath and Anna Malai Rani Natrajan. They were found unconscious in their rooms of a private hotel here in Sector 22 on June 2.\"They had come to Chandigarh on June 1 and were staying in a hotel, where the staff had found them unconscious. They were taken to a government hospital where they regained consciousness on Tuesday,\" said a police official on Wednesday.Earlier police thought that it was a case of food poisoning but victims' statements presented a different picture.\"They have accused a Chandigarh-based man John William of robbing their money and serving them coffee laced with something in a bid to kill them.They had come in contact with John through internet and he had promised them to arrange a job and work permit visa for Canada,\" said the official.However, police is yet to ascertain the whereabouts of John.Natrajan, one of the victim, said, \"Earlier, he had asked us to meet him in Delhi, but on May 31 he called us up and told us to come to Chandigarh as he had to take care of his ailing father. I paid him Rs 3 lakh in cash and transferred Rs 2.60 lakh in his bank account. He had promised a job in Toronto.\"According to the complaint, after giving them intoxicant-laced coffee, John took away Rs 25,000 from Ravinder's room and Rs 1.25 lakh from Bosco's room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13878338", "title": "Few cool buses on the road, commuters fret in heat", "text": "KOLKATA: The insufferable heat and increase in number of deaths caused by sunstroke have made the transport minister wary about the well being of commuters.Madan Mitra has therefore ordered full utilization of AC buses even on the shorter routes across the city. Though officials of the West Bengal Surface Transport Corporation (WBSTC) claim that majority of the buses are in operation, the busy Kolkata streets speak of a different reality.With summer proving unbearable and heatstroke deaths soaring, the state transport minister wants to run air-conditioned buses lying idle for want of operators. Transport minister Madan Mitra wants full utilization of all AC buses even on shorter city routes. Officials of West Bengal Surface Transport Corporation, the custodian of all 300 AC buses for the government, claimed that a majority of AC buses are in operation. Transport department officials are, however, skeptical about their utilization.\"Tremendous humidity and excessive heat are killing people. It is criminal to keep AC buses idle. I have asked my officers for maximum utilization of AC buses in all major city routes, particularly during the peak hours,\" said Madan Mitra. In fact, chief minister Mamata Banerjee has expressed her concern about the heat wave blowing in the state and the difficulty faced by commuters to travel in overcrowded buses.A senior WBSTC official said only 13 AC buses were lying inoperative. \"The rest are plying across the city,\" he added. But why are they not to be found on the roads, question transport department officials. Even now, at any given point of time, one can find at least 20 to 25 AC buses parked at the Karunamoyee terminus. \"Even if they have been allotted to different operators, there must be some mismanagement which is plaguing the services,\" said a transport department officer.It is not easy to figure out where these buses disappeared.The state government had brought 300 air-conditioned buses for city routes under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). While 60 of them were Volvo, the rest were Tata -MarcoPolo Motor AC buses. Despite the overwhelming popularity of the Volvo AC buses - whose fare is five times that of minibuses - the state government has not bothered to utilize the majority of Tata MarcoPolo buses. The 10 Tata MarcoPolo buses, with fares varying from Rs 10 to Rs 40, is expected to even better.How much truth is there in the claim that a majority of AC buses are in operation? Even now at any given point of time, one can find 20 to 25 AC buses parked at Karunamoyee terminus. \"Even if they have been allotted to different operators, there must be some mismanagement which is plaguing the services,\" said a transport department officer.People are desperately looking forward to the cool comfort of more AC buses. Just look at any of the AC buses, it gets swarmed by sea of people. There is hardly any foot-hold for passenger inside a bus. Despite the overwhelming popularity of the Volvo AC buses, whose fare is five times that of mini-buses, the state government left majority of Tata MarcoPolo Motors AC buses idle.\"The department had sought franchisees to operate the AC buses but the initial response initially, was very poor due to tough conditions stipulated in the document. Now, it is the STUs like WBSTC that have to operate the buses, but there is paucity of trained drivers. A number of buses also remained idle for want of spare parts,\" a transport department source said.Majority of these buses were brought in 2009-10, yet majority of them were left to rot in the transport agency parking lot.The 60 Volvo buses that are operated jointly by under public-private partnership between WBSTC and a private firm did a roaring business despite with fares ranging between Rs 20 and Rs 60. The 10 Tata MarcoPolo buses, with fares varying from Rs 10 to Rs 40, is expected to even better. that WBSTC is operating have a lower fare of Rs 10-40 and should do even better. Indeed, the conductors of five such buses operating between the airport and Taratala said the response was extremely good.The government has planned to put another five buses will be put on 'trial' on the Howrah-Joka route. This apart, it has picked up another 10 buses for Hidco and bills have been raised for 20 more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13891828", "title": "Cops recover man's body, elder brother nabbed", "text": "NAGPUR: MIDC police on Thursday retrieved body of the man whose murder case has been already registered with them a day earlier. Radheshyam Bandewar was killed at his residence at Amar Nagar in MIDC by elder brother Rajaram who too has been now held from his kin's residence at Seoni in Madhya Pradesh.It has come to fore Rajaram was left enraged after he learnt about his wife Savitri's illicit relation with younger brother. He had forced his wife to leave for her parents' home on Saturday. It was on the same day that Rajaram killed his brother.Police said that Rajaram struck younger brother Radheshyam thrice on head when he was fast asleep after consuming liquor. On the following day, Rajaram chopped off his brother's leg before packing him in a sack. Rajaram took brother's body on a cycle before dumping it at a desolate place behind a factory.Rajaram's wife returned on Monday. She was threatened by Rajaram not to divulge anything before outsiders. The matter came to fore when Rajaram left home and his wife broke down before the neighbours. The neighbours spotting blood outside the residence alerted the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13875742", "title": "Ancient palm leaf scrolls get a new life in pixels", "text": "KOZHIKODE: One of the country's biggest digital repositories of ancient manuscripts is taking shape in the Calicut University. The Thunchan Manuscripts Repository under the Malayalam department is busy digitizing its 12,038 palm leaf manuscripts that showcases the state's literary, scientific and cultural legacy.Currently every day thousands of these rare handwritten works are being converted into PDF and Jpeg files using modern imaging technology, giving the state's rich heritage a new lease of life. The project being implemented by the Malayalam department using UGC funds has so far digitized 3,419 of the 5,309 palm leaf codices (scrolls). The entire work is expected to be completed in the next eight months.In the due course the repository is also planning to make these digitized versions accessible online. It will include translations and interpretations of Vedas and Upanishads and rare scientific treatises on subjects ranging from Ayurveda , astrology, mathematics, astronomy and works in literature, and history.These ancient palm leaf inscriptions were collected by the library over the last 40 years from various households, royal families and temples across the state with the help of staff and student of the Malayalam department.Anil Vallathol, head of the Malayalam and Kerala studies department, says that the collection showcases the historical significance of the state. \"The richness and variety of the manuscripts is mind-blowing. Digitizing it all will unlock loads of knowledge to researchers and student community across various disciplines,\" he said.More importantly, out of the 12,038 manuscripts, 3,250 works have never come out in print. Among them are the one-metre-long palm leaf inscription of Harivamsham and 6.5cm-long Mantra Grantha. A pictorial book Chitramezhuthu dating back to the 12th century is one of the rarest items in the collection.Anil said the digitization project assumes more significance at a time when efforts are on to get Malayalam, a classical language status. The collection also has works written in Sanskrit, Grantha (a script used between 6th and 19th century for writing classical Sanskrit by Tamil speakers), Tamil, Kannada, and the old Malayalam scripts of Vattezhuthu and Kolezhuthu. The manuscripts also bring to fore the rich scientific and mathematical legacy of the state. According to T Pavithran, professor at the Malayalam department, the scientific treatises being digitized cover subjects like alchemy and prolific works on Kerala school of mathematics.Apart from major medical treatises like the Ashtangahridayam, the collection has manuscripts on Vrikshayurveda (science of trees), Vishachikitsa (toxicology) and Mathangaleela (a book on Asian elephants).Pavithran said the repository has been getting many queries from foreign varsities and research institutions seeking access to the information. \"We will create a subject-wise database and make it online to enable sharing and dissemination of ancient knowledge,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13876084", "title": "Legalise sports betting, keep criminals at bay, say experts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Top speakers at a conference on regulating sports betting in the country backed the idea, saying it would keep criminals at bay and yield revenue to government coffers. The speakers were mirroring an abiding thought in the International Olympic Committee and the International Cricket Council in recent times.The conference, organised by FICCI on Wednesday, saw Justice Mukul Mudgal emphasize that betting on sports existed at an 'exponentially' high level in the country.\"Estimates show that the betting market in India stands at Rs 300,000 crore. The threats posed from this unregulated betting are immense; the society becomes vulnerable as revenue from these activities is used to finance criminal activities, the person placing the bet is at the mercy of the bookies as they have no legal right to have their bets realized. Besides, the sport federations and the government lose an effective tool to detect and curb match-fixing in sports,\" he said.Regulation of betting would lead to \"minimizing the risks associated with betting and taxation of such activities would yield revenue to the government of over Rs 12,000 crore,\" he added.One common question on the minds of people was addressed at the conference: will regulation of betting help in curbing match-fixing?\"Regulation can curb, even root out the malaise. Firstly, any unusual betting pattern on a match is reported by the betting operator to the authorities and the teams for immediate action. Secondly, once such patterns are noticed, the betting process on the match can be voided (cancelled). Thirdly, since the procedure is legal and transparent, the authorities can use the details about irregular betting to collar the criminals,\" sports law expert Vidushpat Singhania said at the conference.Gambling law expert Carl A Rohsler too felt regulation was a must. \"It will keep a check on criminality as gambling operators will be identified and monitored along with the clients they deal with. Fair and transparent regulations will be established and specified which types of gambling are permitted. Also vulnerable youngsters can be protected from getting exposed to gambling.\"Leading tax attorney V Lakshmikumaran said: \"The greatest advantage is that there will be accountability for the large amounts of money transferred through illegal channels leading to reduction in cases of match-fixing, money-laundering and crimes. The question now is how to tax the money involved in gambling and need to devise a system which encourages betting operators to function openly.\"Earlier, Justice Mudgal released a knowledge report which threw more light on the issue. \"India's position in relation to gambling has always been complex. Betting is permitted on horse racing tracks and accounts. But it is an open secret that there has always been a problem of unregulated betting which accounts for a much more substantial sum,\" it said.Pointing to the menace of online gambling and betting, the report said there was little evidence that government measures had been effective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13875128", "title": "Education department officials worried about rise in fake student enrolments", "text": "NAGPUR: While the 25% free seat provision under Right To Education ( RTE) Act is kicking up quite a storm among top private schools regarding low fee reimbursement by government, it is the last thing on the state's mind. Officials in the education department are extremely worried that the Rs 10,000 annual reimbursement for students can turn into a financial bonanza for non-performing unscrupulous schools.A top education official said mediocre schools can turn to fake enrolments just so that their 'cash registers start ringing again'.Not wanting to be a named, a top official from the education department said, \"It is something which we have pondered upon quite a bit and there are high chances of such a fraud being committed. We have to figure out what checks and balances to put in place for this as the state exchequer will clearly be hit.\"While this kind of fraud can be difficult to execute in city schools due to proximity of inspection authorities, those in rural areas or outskirts can have a free run at such malpractices. Fake enrolment does not mean that the student is fictitious, but that he or she is not actually present in school.During the students' census in October 2011, state officials discovered that real students were admitted to schools but they never attended it. Fake exam papers and markings ensured that they kept progressing to higher classes and the students were probably children of migrant labourers arranged during admission time by a contractor.The same formula can be very easily applied by private schools which are located outside the city and have access to greater population that will fit into the 25% category. All schools in the outskirts have about 50 seats available per section and even going by the bare minimum, schools can avail reimbursement for 12 seats - amounting to Rs. 1.2 lakh. As the years pass and 'students' progress to higher classes the scheming school will have 12 students each from Std I-VIII, which will result in a guaranteed income of almost Rs. 10 lakh a year!Speaking to TOI education officials agreed that the figure of 12 students is extremely conservative and they are expecting at least double that number. The government is counting on local education officers to tighten their supervision process and crackdown on malpractices like these.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13880052", "title": "Centre committed to northeast's development: FM", "text": "SHILLONG: Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday said the Centre was committed to developing the northeast and would continue to support state governments in their growth endeavours.Pranab called upon chief ministers of NE states to participate in making collective efforts with the Centre to address economic and financial challenges. The minister was addressing the chief ministers of the region at a special meeting called to evolve strategies to accelerate development.The chief ministers present at the meeting included Tarun Gogoi of Assam , Okram Ibobi Singh of Manipur, Pawan Chamling of Sikkim , Mukul Sangma of Meghalaya, Nabam Tuki of Arunachal Pradesh , Lal Thanhawla of Mizoram and Neiphiu Rio of Nagaland. Tripura was represented by its finance minister Badal Choudhary, an official release issued here said. Montek Singh Ahluwalia, deputy chairman, Planning Commission, was also present.\"Addressing the CMs, Pranab said the Centre is aware of the special issues of the region, including a low- base to mobilize resources, and a geographical terrain that created challenges for communication and infrastructure development. He said based on an appreciation of these challenges, the Centre had accorded special category status to NE states to assist them in their efforts to raise their economies to the level of other states,\" the release read.\"Replying to issues raised by the CMs of different NE states, Pranab said interventions for the second green revolution in eastern states have shown positive results. He said due to the said green revolution, the production of rice in eastern states has risen by 7 million tonnes, resulting in overall rice production in the country of over 100 million tonnes for the first time,\" the statement said.It added that Mukherjee appreciated the \"better fiscal management\" by most NE states as a result of which most states did not have to resort to overdrafts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13894398", "title": "Police conduct survey of unsecured Wi-Fi connections in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police have conducted a survey in different parts of the city to identify the unsecured Wi-Fi connections that are being used by different segments of people.City Police Chief G Sparjan Kumar inaugurated the inspection at a function held at his office on Wednesday. Later police officers inspected the Wi-Fi connections at West Hill, Medical College, Beach Road and Meenchanda areas. Officers of the cyber cell and Information Security Rsearch Association also accompanied the police team.The inspection was part of the drive to create awareness among the public about the dangers of unsecured Wi-Fi system. According to the police, there are more than 1000 Wi-Fi connections in the city, of which around 100 are unsecured ones.The drive was launched after it was found out that many of those use the unsecured Wi-Fi network are not aware of its potential danger. After the survey, the police will give advice to the users how to secure their network.The report of the survey will be handed over to the District Police Chief, who in turn, will submit to the Home Department. The survey is being conducted in Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram cities also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877311", "title": "Soon, Thane halt for Lokmanya Tilak terminus long-distance trains", "text": "MUMBAI: You will soon be able to board from Thane the 32 long-distance trains originating and terminating from Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT) every day.Besides these 32, as many as 87 long-distance trains have already been provided halt at Thane, while around 18 services have to take double halt as the existing platform is not able to accommodate 24-coach trains. These services halt at platform no 7 and 8. Central Railway has also drawn up plans to extend platform no. 5 and 6 to accommodate 24-coach trains.Due to demands from elected representatives, the railways had provided halts to 9 pairs of trains at Thane in June year.A CR official said, \"We aim to provide halt to at least two to three long distance trains from LTT. The halt for the remaining services will be provided in a gradual manner within the next one year.\"Providing halt at Thane will serve a dual purpose. The official said, \"As many as 9,000 platform tickets are sold at LTT every day. We plan to bring down this figure to the minimal. This will happen once we start providing halt to long-distance trains at Thane, which offers better connectivity compared to LTT.\"Long distance commuters from any part of Mumbai and Navi Mumbai can find it more convenient to board a train from Thane. The official further said, \"All trains from LTT will be provided halt at Thane station once the two new foot-overbridges are thrown open to commuters.\"Work on building one FOB at the centre of the platform has already begun. . The 12-m wide FOB is partially funded by the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority. The Rs 4.5-crore FOB is likely to be opened to commuters by March 2013.Another 6-m wide FOB is coming up at Kalyan-end. At present, there are four FOBs at Thane.Reservation on demandThe Central Railway will soon initiate a 'Reservation on Demand' scheme on an experimental basis in 14 long-distance trains, which includes Madgaon Janshatabdi Express, Deccan Express, Sevagram Express, Dadar-Shirdi Express, etc.Under the scheme, if an additional coach is attached, Central Railway will first clear the Tatkal waitlisted passengers. Then the balance seats in the additional coach attached will be allotted on the platform to waitlisted passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13892611", "title": "Facebook IPO: Nasdaq offers $40m as compensation", "text": "NEW YORK: Nasdaq OMX Group will offer funds to the tune of $40 million to compensate clients who were disadvantaged by technical problems that arose during the Facebook IPO on May 18.\"... keeping with Nasdaq's customer focus, the Nasdaq OMX Group Board approved a voluntary accommodations fund of approximately $40 million,\" Nasdaq said in a statement last night.Under the proposal, the details of which are subject to SEC review, around $13.7 million would be paid in cash to member firms, the balance would be credited to members to reduce trading costs.All benefits are expected to be achieved within six months for the vast majority of firms, Nasdaq said.Nasdaq's $40 million offer falls far behind the $100 million in losses that wholesale trading firms which trade on behalf of online retail brokerages like Knight Capital, Citadel, and units of UBS and Citigroup demanded.Meanwhile, Nasdaq Chief Executive Robert Greifeld in an interview to the 'Wall Street Journal' said he and other exchange officials \"owe the industry an apology\" for the technical problems that marred Facebook Inc IPO last month.The Facebook stock, which was offered at $38, has plunged more than 30 per cent from their offering price.Greifeld told WSJ that Nasdaq will be a \"better company\" after it finishes analysing the IPO and how its technology failed despite hundreds of hours of testing.\"Obviously we still have to be better,\" he said. \"We have to go back, and everything we do has to go through some rigorous self-evaluation.\"Meanwhile, NYSE Euronext, a competitor of Nasdaq, in a statement last afternoon said, \"We believe it would be wholly inconsistent with fair practice and an undue burden on competition to allow Nasdaq to use pricing and other machinations as a guise for fairly compensating those impacted by the Facebook IPO issues\".This would establish a harmful precedent that could have far reaching implications for the markets, investors and the public interest, NYSE Euronext said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13878416", "title": "Monsoon may hit next week", "text": "KOLKATA: Every scorching day that passes brings you close to the monsoon. The rain-bearing clouds reached North Bengal on Wednesday but Kolkata and the other districts reeling under a killer heat wave have to wait for a week to 10 days.But if there is a disturbance in the Arabian Sea, it will delay the monsoon even further, warns the weatherman. It's time to start praying for a low-pressure zone or a cyclonic circulation over the Bay of Bengal.Last year, the monsoon had hit Kolkata on June 15.With the mercury touching 40 degrees and the maximum humidity reaching 88% on Wicked Wednesday, rain was on everyone's minds. At 4.45pm, the prayers seemed to be answered but only for a brief while.The Met department says that Wednesday's drizzle will not do much to change the discomfort index that has hit record highs this season. \"It was a nor'wester or a pre-monsoon shower which is normal at this time of the year. We might have another one in the next few days but these can only curb the rise of temperature temporarily. We have to wait another 7-10 days for the monsoon to arrive,\" said Devendra Pradhan, deputy director general of meteorology.The Met office says the monsoon winds are \"on course\" and advancing steadily. The dark clouds that gathered over Siliguri and Jalpaiguri spread cheer. \"This year we are likely to have a normal monsoon,\" Pradhan said.\"The south-west monsoon is dependent primarily on the Bay of Bengal but also on the Arabian Sea to an extent. If there is a low-pressure zone over the Arabian Sea, it might interfere with its progress and slow it down. A cyclonic circulation or a low-pressure over the Bay of Bengal, on the other hand, will have a reverse effect. It will help draw in the monsoon quicker. But as of now, there is no such indication,\" said Pradhan.This is just one of the factors that determine the progress of monsoon, he added. \"Wind flow and direction are among several key factors. And it's not just the surface-level wind-flow. Winds in the upper layers of the atmosphere, too, play a part,\" Pradhan explained.If it follows a normal course, the monsoon could hit Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh next. Maharashtra, Chattisgarh, Orissa and West Bengal would receive the monsoon subsequently.Monsoon is a tropical phenomenon which involves wind blowing from the Indian Ocean in a south-westerly direction to the Indian landmass from June to September. These rain-bearing winds split into the Arabian Sea branch and the Bay of Bengal branch near the southern-most end of the Indian peninsula. Around October, the winds reverse direction and start blowing from north-east, completing the monsoon cycle. Given their land to sea flow, from subcontinent onto the Indian Ocean, they have less moisture and bring rain to only limited parts of India like Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu. This is known as the north-east monsoon. However, this rain is responsible for the rice bowls of South India. This mechanism completes the annual monsoon cycle of the Indian subcontinent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13878835", "title": "Power: BRPL got undue loan, did not pay penalty on default", "text": "New Delhi: The CAG report has also dug up dirt in the power sector. It alleges that the government favoured Reliance-backed BSES Rajdhani (BRPL) not only while granting it a loan under the power stabilization fund (PSF) but also by not charging penal interest of Rs 3.67 crore when BRPL failed to repay the loan on time. The report takes Delhi Transco Ltd to task for not imposing a penalty of Rs 80.91 lakh on a contractor for delay in completion of work, and states that Indraprastha Power Generation Company Ltd ( IPGCL) suffered a loss of Rs 22.64 lakh due to delay in awarding a contract for sale and lifting of fly-ash.The report states that deficiencies were noted in the use of PSF by the holding company Delhi Power Company Ltd (DPCL). Under the rules, PSF funds could be loaned to distribution companies Tata Delhi Power, BRPL and BYPL in the ratio of 29.18%, 43.58% and 27.24%. \"It was, however, observed that DPCL...gave the entire short term loan of Rs 400 crore to only BSES Rajdhani,'' says the report. While the loan tenure was capped at one year, BRPL was given an extension after it defaulted. Also, it was not charged penal interest at the rate of 2.75% for eight months. As a result, \"DPCL faced a financial crunch,'' the report says. The interest lost amounted to Rs 3.67 crore. \"The government stated that they cannot charge interest as it would affect consumers (sic).\"Delhi Transco also failed to penalize a slow contractor, the report notes. M/s Kamal Builders was awarded a contract worth Rs 838.25 lakh for supply and filling of fly ash and earth at the Mundka sub-station. The work was to be completed in six months. However, the contractor was given extensions first on December 22, 2008 and then on March 26, 2009. Although the contract allowed for a penalty at the rate of 1% of the awarded value for each day, \"On both occasions, the contractor was not penalized for the delay and undue benefit was given by not imposing penalty of Rs 80.81 lakh\".The report faults Indraprastha Power Generation Company Ltd (IPGCL) for delay in awarding a contract for sale and lifting of fly-ash. The company took six months just to decide and start the process for inviting bids. Although approval was accorded on March 26, 2009, tenders were invited in September 2009 and the contract was finally awarded on October 23, 2009. \"Due to delay in decision making and finalization of tender and contract, the company lost the opportunity to earn additional revenue of Rs 22.68 lakh,\" says the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "credits  director", "code": "13897584", "title": "Barfi!", "text": "Credits  Director: Anurag Basu Producer: UTV Motion Pictures Cast: Ranbir Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra and Ileyana Music: Pritam.Synopsis He is cute. He's shrewd. The girls love him. The cops hate him. He can't speak but is always talked about. His naughty antics will make you scream, but he will never listen. Cos he can't! Ride a rollercoaster of emotions with Barfii - the Chalu Chaplin!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13875180", "title": "Nagpur school slaps legal notice on education department after derecognition notice", "text": "NAGPUR: A city school has slapped a legal notice on education officer (primary) Someshwar Netam after he withdrew the school's recognition last week for alleged RTE violations. Mahatma Gandhi Centennial Primary School (MGCPS) has in its legal notice, dated June 4, claimed that the matter of alleged violations are sub-judice and the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court had even ordered an interim stay on any further action.Deepak Bajaj, secretary of the Sindhu Education Society which manages the school, said, \"Netam had started proceedings of derecognition in July last year itself but we approached the HC against it. Our plea was accepted and on August 30, 2011 the HC gave a stay on derecognition process till the matter is finally disposed off - and this holds true even today.\"The problem started after Bajaj had rusticated two siblings studying in MGCPS' primary section last year, alleging that their father Pramod Bhagchandani was harassing school management and teachers by filing frivolous complaints with the education department. Bajaj wrote a sarcastic letter to Bhagchandani in early 2011 asking him to admit the children to 'any other school since MGCPS seems to be ridden with problems'. After the rustication of his kids Bhagchandani filed a complaint with the education office, which swung into action.Education officer Netam told TOI that Bajaj refused to comply with RTE regulations by denying admissions at the primary level. \"We called Bajaj many times for inquiry but he refused to appear before us and present his side. Then we sent him a notice in July last year saying his school will be de-recognized after which he approached the court. I have received his notice of June 4 and have forwarded it to our legal department for perusal, hence won't comment on the issue further,\" said Netam.In a sternly worded letter Bajaj has asked Netam to withdraw derecognition notice immediately 'otherwise the management will be forced to take further legal action'. Bajaj also added in the letter, \"Your action of derecognition despite stay order of HC will also constitute proceedings of Contempt of Court.\"The Bhagchandani siblings were admitted back to MGCPS last year after the matter went to court. \"The siblings' results for academic session 2011-12 have been withheld since their father has not paid the fees yet,\" added Bajaj on the current status of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13899808", "title": "Earth Summit: India for upholding Rio principles", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will push for upholding the principle of common but differentiated responsibility while addressing the issue of sustainable development at the Earth Summit in Rio de Janerio later this month.\"We will be negotiating to make sure that the Rio principles are reaffirmed and all sustainable development has to be viewed with the approach of equity and common but differentiated responsibility so that developing countries can have their share of development,\" Environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan told reporters.The Union Cabinet today gave its \"full mandate\" to the negotiating team led by Natarajan to put forth India's arguments on sustainable development at the Rio Summit.\"The cabinet has given a full mandate to all our negotiating strategy at Rio summit. It is basically reaffirmation of first Rio summit principles that there should be sustainable development,\" Natarajan said.The Summit, to be held from June 20-22, has been established with an aim of providing the time and space for global leaders to come together and define a sustainable development pathway that leads to a future in which the whole global population can enjoy a decent standard of living whilst preserving the ecosystems and natural resources.\"Sustainable development is based on three pillars - economy, social and environment. And the entire concept of sustainable development has to be approached in the light of equity and the principle of Common but Differentiated Responsibility (CBDR),\" Natarajan said.The principle of CBDR -- one of the cornerstones of sustainable development -- has emerged as a principle of International Environmental Law and has been explicitly formulated in the context of the 1992 Rio Earth Summit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13889209", "title": "Anoop Menon is hot property in Mollywood", "text": "Anoop Menon was first noted in films, in Vinayan's Kaattu Chembakam. He shot into huge acclaim as a scenarist with Beautiful. In fact, he had written the lyrics for the songs in the film as well, which became hugely popular.His acting talents are getting tremendous appreciation these days and he is literally one of the hottest names in Malayalam filmdom of late. He is acting in quite a number of films and has committed to write the scripts for several films.He is currently wrapping up Trivandrum Lodge , which marks the comeback of the Beautiful team of Jayasurya, Anoop Menon and director V K Prakash . Source: 2dmovie.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13899548", "title": "Emma-Andrew unsure about Spider-Man?", "text": "The actors were apprehensive of accepting roles in the 4th installment of the popular franchise.Spider-Man was all about Tobey Maguire and Kirsten Dunst for the two were appreciated by the fans of the franchise on a huge scale.The Amazing Spider-Man is the fourth installment of the series with a new star cast.Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield have been cast in lead roles. Contrary to assumptions that the two jumped at the opportunity when it came their way, the two in fact were apprehensive of accepting it!The success of the previous films was a pressure for the stars and even the comparison the audience might end up making with the original star cast.Confessing his fears Andrew says, \"With great power comes great responsibility!\" On the other hand, Emma says she was a little dubious about her role in the movie but as soon as she gave the auditions she knew it would be fun to be a part of the film.'The amazing Spider-Man' releases a week ahead of USA on 29th of June all over India in 3D.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13878834", "title": "One lakh saplings to adorn Kolkata outskirts", "text": "KOLKATA: With thousands of plants being chopped off for widening of roads and beautification, the state environment department is now taking up a programme of planting one lakh trees.State environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar met officials of the PWD, police and environment department and public representatives on Wednesday at Writers' Buildings to chalk out the plan that will take off from July and go on till September. The thrust of the meeting was, however, the crucial issue of survival of these plants. This is because, despite the huge investment involved in plating saplings, nearly 70% to 80% of these plants reportedly perish whenever such drives are taken.For government years, despite huge investment in plantation of trees, the survival rate of the saplings has been extremely poor - nearly 70-80% of plants are reported to perish whenever such drives are taken.The government will thus assign police stations, NGOs, private companies and also individuals for the upkeep of these plants. These organizations and government agencies will look after the plants for at least the first year since it is the most crucial period for their growth.that these plants are taken care of by the organizations and government wings at least for the first year, which is the most crucial period for the saplings.\"If one police station is assigned the task of taking care of a few 100 plants, then these stand much better chances of survival. Of course the environment department, local municipalities and public representatives will also be involved in the regular upkeep,\" said an official after the meeting.The programme is going to be taken up on the city outskirts - on both sides of some national and state highways., which will also offer shade during long drives.The stretches that have been identified so far include Kolkata-Basanti Road, NH-17 - from Kona to Kakdwip, Dum Dum airport to Basirhat, NH-35 - from Barasat to Petrapole, Badu to Madhyamgram, Madhyamgram to BT Road and Jessore Road.With such a huge number of saplings to be planted,Once the programme is complete, every kilometre will have 100 or more trees, said the environment minister. \"We will start off with the onset of monsoon, and the programme will go on till September. At the moment we are focusing on how to make it a popular event. Only through such popular events can we create large-scale awareness,\" added Ghosh Dastidar.Where the saplings would be planted:*Kolkata-Basanti road*NH-17 (Kona to Kakdwip)*Airport to Basirhat*NH-35 (Barasat to Petrapole)*Badu to Madhyamgram*Madhyamgram to BT Road*Jessore Road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "13883603", "title": "Vast inequality simmers below surface in China", "text": "SHANGHAI: \"China has the second largest GDP in the world now. But in per capita terms, its is 95th in world rankings.\" This statement is repeated verbatim in every meeting with Communist Party or government officials across the country. What they mean is that China still has a long way to go because its per capita GDP is still around $4000 to $5000 (depending on how you calculate and what population figures you use).\"That's developing country, not advanced country, level of income,\" says Wang Zhongwei, a vice minister at the State Council Information Office. This relatively low level of income seems to be the obvious result of China's huge population of about 1.3 billion, the world's largest. But there is more to this than meets the eye.For the past 11 years China has not released an important index of the economy called the Gini coefficient which gives a measure of inequality. If the Gini is 0 there is perfect equality, if it is 1 there is complete inequality. Usually the measure is around 0.3 in developing countries. Nordic countries have lowest Gini coefficient of 0.2, meaning their societies have the least inequality. Highest inequality is reported in Namibia , where the coefficient is at a staggering 0.7. India's Gini is about 0.38.In 2000, China's Gini was officially reported at 0.412, already on the higher side. According to World Bank estimates, it is steadily increasing and stood at 0.47 in 2009. According to state run China Daily, the richest 10% of China's population earns 23 times more than the poorest 10%. In 1988, this rich poor gap was 7 times. In Nordic countries, the ratio is about 6 while the US has a high ratio of 14.Physical evidence of vast inequality is palpable in China's cities. Malls, skyscrapers, luxury brands (China is now the world's second largest luxury brand market, after Japan), protected mansions and limousines are everywhere but you don't have to go out of the way to find beggars at traffic lights or outside tourist hotspots like the Forbidden City. In cities, usually older people can be seen selling cigarettes or small novelties on pavements, or collecting plastic bottles from garbage bins in airports and department stores.One such old lady efficiently going through bins at Pudong Airport, Shanghai , gives a toothy smile and says \u2014 through signs \u2014 that she will sell the whole bag full of bottles for 5 yuan.The number of millionaires in China grew to 1.4 million last year, up 16% year-onyear, according to a report by US based think tank Boston Consulting Group.On the other hand, average income in rural areas is just 5919 yuan or about $888 per year. Even in urban areas, migrants workers tend to get two thirds the wage of an urban registered worker, although half of them do get free accommodation. Migrant workers also worked longer hours and got less social security benefits.\"If low-income families cannot afford a decent standard of living, rich families will not enjoy any sense of security. That is a problem for the world, not just China,\" Yang Yiyong, director of the Social Development Research Institute told China Daily.China has made phenomenal advances is removing poverty in the past few decades. The number of poor people with income less than $1.25 dropped dramatically to just 6% of the population from about 20% a decade ago. The urban rural gap and the gap between affluent East Coast provinces and poorer Western provinces too has dipped. But simmering below the surface is the much more organic divide between rich and poor which is being propelled by the opening up of the economy and giving a free rein to market forces.\"Don't worry \u2014 we are optimistic and there is complete consensus in our policy makers on how to handle the problems,\" says a young Communist Party member in Jiangsu province.The government is slated to come up with a package of measures to address growing inequality, according to media reports in China. The overarching guideline is \"for the government to give up a little tax revenue, for companies to give up a little profit and for rich people to give up a little interest.\"With the deepening crisis in the Eurozone, and US economy too slowing down, export dependent China is facing testing times in the coming days.The current line of boosting domestic consumption as a way out of the crisis will have to first tackle the much more complex issue of increasing incomes \u2014 and reducing inequality.(The writer was in China on the invitation of the Chinese government)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13875054", "title": "Now, Maharashtra govt to directly deposit teachers' salary in banks", "text": "NAGPUR: With a view to curb large-scale malpractices by the aided schools of appointing bogus teachers and pocketing their salaries, the Maharashtra government has decided to directly deposit teachers' salaries in their bank accounts. \"We have prepared the software and are in process of finalizing it soon. With its help, we will not only deposit the salaries directly to the teachers' savings account but also keep a tab on the number of teachers appointed by the schools,\" state project director for Sarv Shiksha Abhiyan (SSV) Sanjay Deshmukh told TOI during his visit to the city.He revealed that malpractices in large number came to the fore during students' census undertaken by the government from October 3 to 5 last year. \"We found large scale irregularities including false attendance records of the students. In fact, as many as 74 schools were found to have zero attendance. Of these, 49 schools were from Nagpur region alone,\" Deshmukh said, adding that as many as 13,000 schools were found to have just 20 or less number of students.Deliberating further, the SSV project director said many schools were found to have inflated their numbers of students and teachers and a big racket was busted during the census. \"The schools used to take huge grants from the government for these bogus students and teachers.\"\"To prevent such illegalities, we have decided to ask the teachers to open saving accounts in nationalized banks which will reveal their identity. The salary would be directly deposited in their accounts. With this the old practice of handing over salaries to school managements would be abolished,\" Deshmukh added.He further disclosed that these findings were recorded even after the government issued notices two weeks in advance to all the schools to get things in order. Deshmukh, however, informed that not everything was gloomier on the education front as the state had recorded 98.5% children between the age of 6 and 14 years attending school. \"Out of 2.25 crore such students in state, hardly 1.5% i.e. about 2.40 lakh children could not get education as they were mostly migrants,\" he informed.The census exercise was undertaken after it was revealed during the assessment that government-aided schools in Nanded had siphoned off crores by showing bogus records of students and teachers. The massive drive was undertaken under the respective district collectors and officers from other government departments. Those from the education department were deliberately not involved in the drive. The census records which disclosed huge discrepancies between school records and actual data created a huge furore in the state legislative houses after which the education minister Rajendra Darda assured stringent action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "13876508", "title": "Rohana villagers oppose power plant", "text": "BHANDARA: Residents of Rohana village have come together to oppose the proposed Bhandara thermal power plant. They organized a protest rally to press this demand last week.Former BJP MLA Madhukar Kukade, BJP ZP member Dr Ulhas Burade, deputy sarpanch of Rohana gram panchayat Naresh Ishwarkar addressed the protest rally. Addressing the protest rally, Burade said that thermal power plant has come to village Rohana keeping eye on the abundant water in river Vainganga. It is surprising that state government is also helping the thermal power plant officials. \"Rohana village is in the command area of Bawanthadi inter state irrigation project. The project was to be commissioned from the coming rabi season but the state government, in an extraordinary order, deleted the village from its command area. Now, the irrigation network in the village will be dismantled for the benefit of thermal power plant. This has been done without consent of villagers,\" he said.Burade said that the plant will cause pollution and turn the village land barren. \"We have submitted a memorandum to the collector and requested him to look into the serious matter,\" he added.BJP MLA Pasha Patel was to address the protest rally, but due to lack of time, he could not come. His speech was presented before the audience via cellphone. Patel is to visit Rohana village on 14 June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13892243", "title": "Mahima aka Rachana\u2019s \u2018Chake De\u2019 act in Sapne Suhane\u2026.", "text": "The young gun Mahima Makwana who comes across as a timid and docile girl Rachana in Zee TV's newest offering 'Sapne Suhane Ladakpan ke' proved to be a great sport! For a particular scene, the young actress was required to don a saree and play a difficult game like Hockey and the girl readily agreed! Said Rajesh Babbar, the director of 'Sapney Suhane ladakpan Ke' , \"Hockey is our national game, yet it does not have a cult following like cricket does in India. We consciously decided to focus on this game in our show so that somewhere our viewers, especially the younger generation, who reside in small towns get inspired by it.\"\"We have shown that Rachna is very passionate about the game and secretly nurses a deep longing to become a professional hockey player. To demonstrate her passion, we chose the occasion of her college farewell day when she is draped in her traditional finery but still could not resist the pull of going onto the field when she saw a bunch of girls practicing her beloved sport.\" A beaming Mahima said, \"Since I am not a trained hockey player, I was very nervous before the shoot. It was very hot outside and I wanted to give the perfect shot in the first take itself. I watched 'Chak De India' twice back to back the night before the shoot to boost my morale, especially replayed the on ground hockey playing scenes to learn the basic movements so that I could give my shot convincingly. What made it tough was playing hockey in a saree. But, thank God! My saree was pinned up everywhere leaving no room for any wardrobe malfunction.\" Rachna, to say the least, your act was commendable. It is not an easy task pulling off such a sequence with elegance and that too with a smiling face. Way to go girl!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13875951", "title": "Nagpur roads won't be bumpy anymore?", "text": "NAGPUR: Motorists can hope to get pothole-free roads as standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari has proposed to procure a jet pressure machine. \"With this machine, the NMC can repair potholes even during monsoon,\" Tiwari informed the house.He claimed that with the procurement of the machines, the NMC will ensure repair of potholes within 48 hours of any complaint. For queries and complaints, a toll free number will also be made available.Tiwari also included the proposal of now transferred municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal to construct a bridge at the railway crossing at Manish Nagar, which is a big nuisance because of increasing traffic congestion. He also gave the nod to construct a flyover on the busy Bhandara road at Pardie. He said both the bridges will be constructed with the help of state government. Jaiswal had earmarked Rs 2 crore for the ROB at Manish Nagar and Rs 6 crore for the flyover at Pardie.Besides, Rs 1 crore for traffic blinkers, a provision of Rs 2 crore has been made to implement the City Surveillance System. The system will be implemented with the help of the city police as they too will invest a similar amount for the project. The move will help to curb road accidents and street crimes. For this, two control rooms will be set up.Like the civic chief, Tiwari too has also earmarked Rs 50 crore for removal of electric poles in the middle of the road after widening. The court had recently directed NMC and MSEDCL to remove all the 8,384 poles by April 30, 2012 and also share the cost equally. MSEDCL had unsuccessfully appealed in the Supreme Court.Besides these major projects, roads and city traffic got a lot of attention from the civic chief. Funds have been kept aside for maintenance of roads, construction of flyovers and setting up of a new hot mix plant at Bhandewadi.ROAD MAP* Rs 15 crore for repair of IRDP roads* Rs 7.25 crore for repair of internal roads* Rs 63 crore for construction of cement roads* Rs 30 lakh each for maintenance of roads in every prabhag* Rs 5 crore for maintenance of roads in areas dominated by backward classes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13876441", "title": "Notice to APPSC on RTI plea", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP Information Commission (APIC) has issued a show-cause notice to the AP Public Service Commission (APPSC) for failing to provide information on time even after it was ordered to do so by the former on time in a case pertaining to a group-1 examination aspirant. That order had been passed by APIC on May 30 after it hears the arguments on behalf of the complainant K Sekhar Babu and respondent APPSC's arguments. It may be recalled that Babu, who had appeared for the group-1 exam in 2008, had sought a photocopy of his answer sheets under the Right To Information (RTI) Act. Babu knocked on APIC's doors when APPSC refused to furnish the same. APPSC had rejected the order stating that it was not feasible for compliance upon which Babu filed a complaint with the commission asking it to levy a penalty on APPSC and award him compensation.Finding fault with APPSC for disregarding its orders, misleading the commission and causing loss to the complainant, APIC has ordered the former's public information officer (PIO) to explain within 30 days why he should not be penalized or be ruled as liable for payment of compensation to the complainant.The commission has also ordered its public information officer to appear before the chief information commissioner on July 10 along with the relevant documents to explain his case personally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13890998", "title": "Chidambaram to face trial over his win in 2009 Lok Sabha polls", "text": "CHENNAI: Union home minister P Chidambaram's bid to avoid trial in a case pertaining to the validity of his election, in 2009, from Sivaganga parliamentary constituency in Tamil Nadu failed on Thursday with the Madras high Court refusing to entirely strike off an election petition filed by AIADMK's losing candidate R S Raja Kannappan.After having lost the election by a narrow margin, Raja Kannapan filed the election petition leveling several allegations of malpractice against Chidambaram.In his petition, Raja Kannappan claimed that Chidambaram had mobilized funds from various banks to spend on poll campaign.Chidambaram's preliminary objection petition to reject the election petition at an initial stage itself failed last year. Later, he filed a strike-off petition. Had he succeeded, it would have spared him the rigor of the trial such as appearing in the court and getting into the box.On Thursday, Justice K Venkataraman dismissed the strike-off petition but directed deletion of two specific paragraphs in Raja Kannappan's petition containing allegations that the bank funds were used in contesting the elections.Kannappan, in his petition filed on June 25, 2009, had alleged that Chidambaram's election 'deserved' to be declared void due to 'manipulation' of votes and 'corrupt practices' committed by him, his election agents and others, with his consent.Raja Kannappan had also sought recount of the votes polled in the entire constituency, particularly in the Alangudi Assembly segment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13879796", "title": "M M Mani's loose tongue makes him lose face, party post", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The CPM state secretariat on Wednesday decided to remove M M Mani as the secretary of its Idukki district committee.Further action against him will be decided by the state committee after seeking an explanation from him.The decision to axe Mani was taken by the secretariat after a marathon debate. Sources said the state leadership had to sacrifice Mani, who is a confidant of state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan, after the central leadership stood firm on its advice to initiate strict action against him. Politburo member S Ramachandran Pillai apprised the secretariat of the feeling of the central leadership.The secretariat meeting also decided to remove Gopi Kottamurikkal, former secretary of the Ernakulam district committee, from all elected posts following a probe into allegations of moral turpitude against him. Acting on a three-year-old inquiry report against VS's coterie, the secretariat decided to seek explanation from his three personal staff members.Press secretary K Balakrishnan, additional PS V K Sasidharan and PA A Suresh will be asked to furnish reasons for not being expelled from the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877226", "title": "Minister lands in hot water over assets", "text": "MUMBAI: State water resources minister Sunil Tatkare is facing the heat over land holdings owned by his family and close associates. A day after TOI expose on how Tatkare's family and aides controlled over 300 acres of agricultural land in Ambivali, Dhagadwadi, Kihim and Shekhadi villages in Raigad, the leader of the opposition Eknath Khadse has demanded a high-level probe.Land records accessed by TOI showed that a major chunk of this land bank was in the name of Tatkare's son Aniket (29), who purchased over 80 plots aggregating around 250 acres between 2008 and 2009. The plots were purchased by over two dozen companies in which Aniket and his sister Aditi (24) are directors. The companies mainly pertain to agriculture, real estate and hospitality. Khadse wants an inquiry to verify if the minister misused his official position to carry out these deals.Tatkare said he was ready for a probe and refuted allegations that locals had been threatened to part with their plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13877691", "title": "Convict plays minor card, cops foil bid", "text": "New Delhi: The murder of a youth in 2002 on public school premises in southwest Delhi took a new turn even as the accused filed a writ in high court claiming he was a minor when he committed the crime.This came after the accused was handed out a life term by the court. Documents available with TOI reveal that the accused submitted a school leaving certificate from a school in Bihar , which has been found to be forged.Police have registered a fresh case on the court's direction.According to a police charge sheet, On April 17, 2002, the cops had received a call regarding a dead body. They found a headless nude body of a youth lying in a lane behind the school in the Mahabir Enclave area.Surender Mehto, a helper in the transport section of the school, who was sleeping in an adjoining room of the block, revealed that his brother, Ravinder, lived in the room and had left for work.Upon interrogation, Ravinder confessed to the murder of Sanjay, a native of Bihar, for having a relationship with his sister.The accused later submitted a school leaving certificate claiming he was a minor at the time of committing the crime.Cops were sent to verify the school leaving certificate purportedly issued by a school in Begusrai, Bihar. The principal of the school denied having issued it. A case of forgery has been filed at Tilak Marg police station, a source in the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13879220", "title": "Alimuddin Street set to expel seven-time MP Anil Basu", "text": "KOLKATA: Alimuddin Street is all set to show the door to its former Hooghly strongman and seven-time MP from Arambag, Anil Basu . At the state committee meeting on Wednesday, members accepted the report and recommendations of the disciplinary panel set up against Basu. It now awaits the nod of the CPM central committee, which is scheduled to meet on June 9 and 10.Basu, however, said: \"I am not aware of any such decision. I have not been intimated about my expulsion yet.\"On April 29, the party suspended the maverick leader for three months, following primary findings of the disciplinary panel led by CPM state secretariat member Madan Ghosh. The panel was probing his alleged involvement in nepotism and a corruption charge that led to the removal of a Basu loyalist.Soon after his suspension, Basu breached party discipline yet again when flanked by wife Sabita, the Hooghly CPM heayweight sent an open letter to party state secretary Biman Bose accusing him of leading a smear campaign against him. Sabita even threatened to drag Biman Bose to the court. This is not all. On May 22, the suspended CPM leader once again dared the Alimuddin Street mandarins by participating in a CPM rally in Chinsurah. Confusion spread when Hooghly CPM secretary Sudarshan Roy Chowdhury feigned ignorance when asked how a suspended party leader could participate in the rally. According to party insiders, Basu took advantage of the party constitution that provides that any disciplinary action against a member has to be endorsed by the higher committee. A former state committee member Basu knew that the \"suspension decision\" was announced before making a reference to the CC.In 2004, Basu won the Lok Sabha polls from Arambag by a record margin. Once a darling of Alimuddin Street, he fell from the grace of the leadership like Haldia strongman Lakshman Seth and North 24-Parganas district heavyweight Amitava Nandi and was dropped from the party state committee at the conference held in Kolkata in January, seven months after the CPM was voted out of power.Basu's lewd comments against Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee in the run-up to the 2011 assembly polls drew flak from all corners, prompting CPM politburo member and then chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee to ask him to stay away from the election campaign. He was also asked to apologize publicly for what he said.The issue came up in the CPM state conference where delegates censured Basu's comments, saying that they were unbecoming of a communist. Basu, however stayed away from the party state conference and didn't even get in touch with the leadership.Even if Basu's is a shut case, rumblings of resentment are doing the rounds in the state committee. Rebel CPM leader Abdur Rezzak Mollah stayed away from the party state committee meeting for the second day. Mollah has stopped going to the state committee meeting since the party leaders gave him a cold shoulder and kept him out of the newly constituted state secretariat.\"I am ready to go down as a rebel but won't bend my head,\" Mollah said from his Bhangar home in South 24-Parganas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13877133", "title": "Venus transit: Thousands in Ahmedabad watch 'morning star' on Sun's face", "text": "AHMEDABAD: 'Watch it today or wait for another century'. This statement by the scientific community drew students and enthusiasts in droves to the amphitheatre of Science City from early in the morning on Wednesday. After all, Transit of Venus in 2012 was a rare cosmic spectacle that could be a lifetime experience.Gujarat Science City, in association with Vigyan Prasar, organized 'Venus Festival' to help people in watching the planetary transit. While many used solar filters to view the transit, others lined up behind giant telescopes to see a 'black dot' on the face of the Sun.In Ahmedabad, the transit began with the sunrise at 5.53am and lasted for over four hours till 10.22am. The maximum transit, however, was at 7.02 am, when Venus was in the middle of the path it covered during its transit over the Sun.While solar and lunar eclipses take place quite often, planetary transits do not happen frequently. \"That is why Transit of Venus has created a lot of excitement among people,'' said Dr J R Trivedi, a former scientist with Physical Research Laboratory (PRL).According to Trivedi, Venus transit takes place in a cycle of 243 years and in a pattern of 105.5 years, eight years, 121.5 years and eight years. The last transit took place on June 8, 2004 and the next transit will happen in December 2117. Since the invention of telescope, Venus has crossed the face of the Sun only eight times, including the transit on Wednesday.Dr Narottam Sahoo, senior scientist at Science City, said that their aim was to take science to people and bring people to science by organizing such festivals. \"We provided scientific kits to schoolchildren who recorded their observations which were evaluated by experts,'' he said.Trivedi said transits happen with respect to Earth. \"From Earth, we can see transits of Mercury and Venus as they are inner planets in our solar system. Mercury transits are, however, happen more frequently,'' he said.In the city, children thronged venues like science clubs with their parents to see the transit. The Sun, however, played hide and seek with the viewers in the cloudy weather.Ravi Saxena, additional chief secretary (science and technology) said that they had seized the opportunity to infuse curiosity in children about natural phenomenon. \"We are happy that many children saw the transit,\" he said.For citizens, it was a sky show. Himanshu Sheth, a resident of Satellite, said that his family members were enthusiastic about the event ever since media reported date and time. \"In humdrum of life, we often get disconnected from the nature. However, such events keep us enchanted irrespective of age or vocation,\" he said.What is transit?When small bodies like moon or planet move in front of a larger celestial object, it is a transit. Inner planets, Mercury or Venus, can be seen transiting over the Sun as small dots. When the Sun, Venus and Earth come into alignment or on a straight line, 'Transit of Venus' occurs. Johannes Kepler was the first astronomer in 1627 to predict the Transit of Venus.The frequencyEarth orbits the Sun in 365.25 days, and Venus takes 224.7 days. The orbit of Venus is inclined by 3.4 degree to the orbital plane of Earth. The points of its intersection are nodes of the orbit. Venus overtakes Earth in 584 days. On such an occasion, if Earth and Venus happen to be near the node, usually in June and December, then a 'Transit of Venus' is possible. Sequence of transits occurs in a pattern that repeats every 243 years; the transit intervals like 105.5, 8, 121.5 and 8 years add to make a 243-year cycle. In the past, Transit of Venus helped in knowing the expanse of solar system. Now, the transit is used to discover planets around other stars.It's your evening/morning starPlanet Venus is seen at times in the evening in the west and other times in the morning in the eastern sky. People mistakenly think of it as 'evening star' or 'morning star'. It is the brightest object in the night sky other than moon. Many people mistake it as pole star or UFO. It remains in the evening or morning sky for roughly nine months alternatively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13897926", "title": "\"Gabbar Singh\" 50 days function in Vizag?", "text": "Power Star Pawan Kalyan's \"Gabbar Singh\" is on a roll. The super hit movie is setting new records at the box-office as it is gearing to celebrate 50 days run in more than 250 direct centers. And the makers of \"Gabbar Singh\" are planning to organize a grand function to celebrate this milestone.\"Gabbar Singh\" is going to complete 50 days by June 29. As such, sources close to the production indicate the film's 50 days function would be held in a multiplex owned by a director VV Vinayak in Vizag, although not confirmed. The venue and official date of the function will be announced soon by the production house.Gabbar Singh is directed by Harish Shankar and produced by Bandla Ganesh under Parameswara arts banner. Shruti Haasan has played the leading lady in this film, for which Devi Sri Prasad had composed super hit tunes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13875195", "title": "Engineers booked after farmer dies of electrocution", "text": "AMRAVATI: Villagers of Wathoda Shukleshwar ransacked the office of MSEDCL in the village and tried to set afire the bike of a junior engineer after a farmer got electrocuted in his farm on Wednesday. Kholapur police have booked two MSEDCL engineers in this connection.According to information, Ashish Belokar (25) is the name of the deceased farmer. Villagers said that three days ago, Belokar had complained to MSEDCL about an earthing problem and short circuit in the pole near his farm but MSEDCL officials did not pay heed to it.On Wednesday morning, Belokar was electrocuted when a short circuit took place at the pole near his farm. Enraged over the death, some villagers stopped junior engineer Samadhan Patil and tried to set afire to his bike. Patil somehow managed to escape from the spot.Villagers later rushed to the offices of MSEDCL at Wathoda Shukleshwar and Kholapur and ransacked them. Villagers demanded strict action against officials and demanded their suspension. Meanwhile, Rajendra Bodakhe, sarpanch of Wathoda Shukleshwar village, lodged a complaint with Kholapur police against the junior engineer Samadhan Patil and another engineer of Kholapur named Bhonde for their alleged laxity towards the complaint filed by Belokar. Kholapur police have booked both engineers under section 304 of IPC and are investigating into the matter.MSEDCL superintendent engineer of Amravati Pradeep Nichat confirmed the incident of ransacking of offices and attempt to set afire the vehicle of JE. He said that considering the tension prevailing in the village after the incident, he had not taken any action against the villagers or officials. After villagers created ruckus in the office and demanded action against the engineers, some MSEDCL staffers told the villagers that MSEDCL officials were not responsible for the matter, said Nichat. \"Our executive engineer has rushed to spot and he is investigating the matter,\" Nichat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13883134", "title": "Global economy has affected us: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh acknowledged that India was at a \"critical juncture\", even though he ascribed the slowdown to external factors. \"After achieving remarkably high growth rates over the past eight years and emerging as the second-fastest growing economy in the world, we are now running into more turbulent weather. The global economy is passing through difficult times. This has affected us,\" the PM said.The meeting on infrastructure , which was attended by ministers of power, coal, aviation, road and shipping, saw the government chalking out a job card for the year that includes awarding airport contracts in Navi Mumbai and Goa, as well as and port projects worth Rs 20,000 crore in Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal. The much-touted Bullet Train from Mumbai to Ahmedabad is also on the \"to do\" list, though so far only a pre-feasibility report has been prepared. In addition, an aviation hub policy, with Delhi and Chennai to act as major nodes for airlines, is on the anvil. Railways minister Mukul Roy did not attend the huddle, and was represented by chairman of Railway Board, Vinay Mittal.The other notable absence was that of finance minister Pranab Mukherjee who, according to sources close to him, had informed the PM of his inability to make it.With the government facing fiscal constraints, the focus seemed to be on getting private investors as the PM urged ministers to expedite clearances, a common grouse among investors for held up projects. He is learnt to have told his team that to take the economy back to 9% growth rates, the share of private investment in infrastructure needs to be stepped up.\"In these difficult times, we must do everything possible to revive business and investor sentiment. We must work to create an atmosphere which is conducive to investment and to removing any bottlenecks that may be hurting the growth process. We as a government are committed to taking the necessary measures to reverse the present situation and revive and revitalize India's growth story. We are aware that we have to act on multiple fronts to achieve this and we will indeed do all that is required of us,\" Singh said.Deputy chairman of Planning Commission, Montek Singh Ahluwalia, said that getting investments will also serve the purpose of rebutting the perception of slowdown. \"This is a clear indication to the external world of the push being given to the achievement of targets in important infrastructure sectors so that it inspires confidence about the overall economic growth rate,\" an official release quoted Ahluwalia as saying.MEGA PUSHROADSHighway stretches of 9,500 km to be awarded in 2012-13 , with another 4,360 km to be taken up for maintenancePOWERCapacity addition target fixed at 18,000 MW, including 2,000 MW from Kudankulam Generation projected to rise 6.2% to 930 billion unitsCOALCoal India's despatches estimated to rise 8.8%, with those for power plants projected to grow 11%PORTSTwo new major port projects to be taken up in Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal, involving over 20,000 crore investment In all, work on 42 projects to be taken up involving investment of 14,500 crore and a capacity of 244 MTPACIVIL AVIATIONGreenfield airports in Navi Mumbai, Goa and Kannur to be awarded; Lucknow, Varanasi, Coimbatore, Trichy and Gaya airports may be given international status Airport Authority of India to start work on 2,100 crore Itanagar airport Delhi, Chennai to turn into airline hubs, policy to be announced By July-end 2012, additional PPP-based airport projects to be finalised , including 10-12 greenfield ones. Projects to be awarded later this yearRAILWAYSProposal for Mumbai-Ahmedabad Bullet Train project to be finalised 20,000 crore Mumbai elevated corridor to be awarded PPP-based projects on eastern freight corridor to be awarded; Madhepura, Marhowra loco units to be awarded", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "credits  film ", "code": "13891613", "title": "Vaadhyar", "text": "Credits  Film : VaadhyarCast : Jayasurya, Ann Augustine, Menaka, Nedumudi Venu, VijayaraghavanDirection : Nidheesh SakthiBanner : Lakshminath CreationsReleasing Date : June 8, 2012Synopsis : Anoop Krishnan (Jayasurya) aspires to take up an MBA, but situations lead him to take up BEd. He lands a job as a teacher at Kottapuram Saraswathi Vilasam UP School. The whole administration runs smoothly under the hands of head mistress Subhadra (Menaka). With the arrival of Anoop Krishnan at the school, who has no interest in this profession, the story takes on a humorous turn. Watch out for the twist in the tale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13883222", "title": "BHU professor to attend scientific meeting at Bremen University", "text": "VARANASI: To attend a scientific meeting at Bremen Core Repository Centre of the Bremen University, Germany from June 8 to 17, Prof AD Singh of Geology department of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) has been deputed by the National Centre of Antarctic and Ocean Research, Goa, an autonomous body of Ministry of Earth Sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13881977", "title": "Distance educators' conclave in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To mark 50 years of challenges in distance education, University School of Open Learning (USOL) organized a national conclave of directors and CEOs of open and distance education institutes.A national conference on correspondence education was held on Wednesday. The event was inaugurated by the minister of education, Punjab, S Sikander Singh Maluka.He spoke of the radical changes being brought about in education and sensitized the august audience about the need of community colleges engaged in vocational education.Veteran distance educationist S Bhatnagar, who is a former director of Directorate of Correspondence Courses. Bhatnagar recalled how the early distance education institutes evolved as shadow institutes of host universities to offer their conventional courses to poor cousins of regular students.Maluka urged varsities to open community colleges in every district in order to equip unemployed youth with vocational skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13893149", "title": "Vijay Thuppaki teaser ready", "text": "Thuppakki is the upcoming action entertainer of director AR Murugasdoss with Vijay and Kajal Agarwal in the leads, which is already known to viewers. Latest on it is, makers of Thuppakki have planned to release the teaser of Vijay starrer on 22nd of June.June 22nd is one of the happiest days for Kollywood movie lovers, as Billa 2 the most awaited film of Thala Ajith, Parvathy Omanakuttan and Bruna Abdullah is releasing on that day. Along with that SS Chakravarthy of NIC Arts, the producers of Simbu's Vaalu has confirmed that Vaalu trailer will be screened that day along with Billa 2 in theaters.Besides this it is the birthday of Ilayathalapathy Vijay. It has become a hobby for all filmmakers to give surprises to fans on stars birthdays, yesterday it was Karthi and today Vijay. Makers of Vijay starrer Thuppakki are planning to release the firstlook teaser of the film on June 22, as a feast to all Vijay fans on his birthday.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13895742", "title": "CET toppers: It was not a case of all study and no play", "text": "MANGALORE: An exception to the popular belief that academic toppers burn the midnight oil, Chandana Acharya, daughter of Dr Padmanabha Acharya and Dr Shobha Rao, who bagged the second rank in the Indian System of Medicine and Homoeopathy (ISMH) and stood fourth in medicine in the Common Entrance Test (CET) 2012, took it easy at home.The teaching in Little Rock Indian School, Brahmawar, where Chandana studied, was more than adequate for this student to waltz her way into the list of CET toppers. \"My college coaching was excellent and sufficient. I hardly had to study at home,\" Chandana told TOI. Though she stood second in ISMH, Chandana wants to follow her parents' footsteps.LM Veeresh, a student of the Expert PU Science College in Mangalore city, has bagged the third rank in the medical CET and came seventh in ISMH. Veeresh, from Gokak in Belgaum district, has already cleared the first round of the selection process at the Armed Forces Medical College (AFMC) in Pune. He would like to join the Bangalore Medical College, if he does not get into AFMC. His father, Mahesh, is a veterinarian and his mother, Ananda, a housewife.\"I used to spend at least two hours studying every day after my classes, which were from 7 am to 7 pm. I was homesick, but I concentrated more on my studies. I love watching TV and enjoy having fun after classes, but I am very attentive in the classroom. National Geographic is my favourite channel,\" Veeresh said.Karthikeya, a student of Poornaprajna PU College, Udupi, has bagged the fifth rank in engineering. Son of Bhaskar and Mangala Hande, he said that he would like to join the National Institute of Technology - Karnataka (NITK), Surathkal or Birla Institute of Technology and Science (BITS), Pilani.Mangaloreans have reason to cheer as a girl from the city has bagged sixth rank in the CET for architecture. HP Vasudha Maiya, daughter of BC Padmanabha Maiya and MS Vasanthalakshmi from Bejai in Mangalore, brought honour to Expert Coaching Centre, where she studied. Alumnus of Canara Girls High School and Canara PU College, she bagged a 94.6 % in the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) and 87 % in the Pre University Certificate (PUC).\"I am good at drawing and underwent training at Prasad Art Gallery here. Since I am a drawing enthusiast, I prefer to be an architect. Architecture has a lot of scope. With the expertise we get, we can design landscapes and develop cities into planned ones like Chandigarh. I would like to pursue higher education after my bachelor's degree and work abroad,\" she said, adding that she used to dedicate at least 10-11 hours a day to studying in the holidays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880366", "title": "Director of deemed university hangs herself", "text": "Chennai: A director of a deemed university on the outskirts of the city hanged herself at her residence in Selaiyur on Wednesday evening, police said.Police said Rajini, 35, who worked as a lecturer at Bharath Deemed University where she was also a director along with her husband Sridhar, didn't report for work on Wednesday. Her husband, a lecturer at the university, had left for work and the couple's two children were at school.In the afternoon, Rajini sent her driver to get medicines for her headache from a particular pharmacy in Tambaram. When the driver returned he found the door of the house in the Ex-Servicemen's Enclave locked. He peeped in through the window and found Rajini hanging from the ceiling, police said.The driver immediately informed Sridhar who rushed home and informed police. Neighbours told police that the family members was quiet and kept to themselves.No suicide note was found at the scene of the crime, police said, adding that they were investigating other angles - whether there was a marital discord or if there were problems at workplace.The body was moved to the Chromepet General Hospital for postmortem. It will be handed over to the family after investigations are complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13879497", "title": "Be careful when you buy those yummy looking mangoes", "text": "KOCHI: They may look tempting and mouth-watering! But think twice before buying the yummy mangoes displayed in fruit stalls in the city, as consuming them could seriously affect your health.Tonnes of mangoes are being brought to the city after treating them with carbide. The city police were able to bust a racket involved in this after they seized a consignment of mangoes from the premises of a fruit wholesale dealer on the outskirts of the city on Wednesday.The city shadow police team seized nearly one tonne of mangoes from the Nettoor market and arrested one Wahab, a wholesale dealer of fruits. Police said they had raided the godown of the fruit wholesaler in Nettoor following an intelligence input about the dealer using carbide to ripen and preserve mangoes. The shadow police team conducted the raids in coordination with Panangad police. According to police, mangoes wrapped in plastic covers were kept in cartons and small packets of carbide powder were kept inside each plastic cover. \"When mangoes are treated with carbide, they become yellow in colour. Though they look ripe, they may not be sweet. Vendors usually give customers pieces of genuinely ripe mangoes to convince them about the quality of the fruit,\" officials said.Police have registered a case against Wahab under IPC 270. He was later released on bail.\"There has been information about rackets selling artificially ripened mangoes. Police will continue monitoring the activities of fruit dealers and nab those using carbide powder to ripen fruits,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13898058", "title": "Heroine", "text": "CreditsDirector: Madhur Bhandarkar Cast: Kareena Kapoor , Arjun Rampal , Randeep Hooda Producer: UTV Motion Pictures, Madhur Bhandarkar  Music: Salim Sulaiman Release Date: September 21, 2012SynopsisThe spotlight followed her, the camera loved her, the paparazzi couldn't get enough of her... Mahi Arora was a 'Superstar'... in every sense of the word!Not only was she on top of her game, she was also single, fancy free and footloose. She was beautiful, famous, successful and very-very rich and of course still young. In short a case of pure perfection.This is what the world would have you believe about her. It is said that paradox exists in the darkness behind the spotlight. Unfortunately, Mahi's inner world was in direct contrast to her outer life. After all uneasy lays the head that wears a crown. Prone to intense mood swings, in fact secretly bipolar, insecure, unsure and very lonely. Mahi's only source of happiness was love, her insane, all pervasive, all consuming love for the reigning superstar who hadn't quite committed to her.While all her contemporaries were busy strategizing career moves, endorsements, 'alliances' and even marriages; Mahi, unmindful of her career was only focused on somehow getting her love requited and in her attempt to do that begins a journey spiraling downwards. This quest for love starts taking her to disastrous depths, yet always saving her just when she's at the edge. The story goes through various ill fated relationships and career roller coasters all the way to a point where Mahi is forced to risk everything she had.Her career, her sanity and her life all at once go through a spinning twist.Could Mahi retain her position as the No. 1 Heroine of her times?Was her True Love ever going to be requited?Was Mahi going to lose everything she cared for?OR was there a way of saving herself to emerge as a true Heroine . . . of Life???These are questions that only can be answered by Mahi Arora herself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13878217", "title": "Throwing coconut shells 'punishable' with malaria: Govt", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa collector, N D Agarwal, in exercise of powers vested in him under section 144 of the Code of the Criminal procedure 1973, has issued an order preventing citizens from throwing or dumping tender coconut shells and other waste material, which may cause stagnation of rainwater leading to mosquito breeding, in the open.The collector has, in his order, directed the public to destroy all the coconut shells and other waste material that may cause stagnation of rainwater near their houses by June 8.Any person contravening this order shall be punishable under section 188 of the Indian Penal Code, the order says.\"During the meeting of the district coordination committee for the prevention of vector-borne diseases held on May 22 at the collectorate, it has been revealed that during the monsoons, the empty tender coconut shells and other waste material which are spread all over the district of South Goa along the roadsides, especially at tourist spots and the KTC bus stand etc are favourable places for mosquito breeding which cause diseases like malaria , chikungunya , etc. (Therefore), in public interest, in order to prevent danger to human life, health and safety, it is necessary that these empty tender coconut shells and other waste materials should be removed before the onset of monsoon,\" Agarwal observed, while issuing the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13883177", "title": "Open heart surgeries on blue children at SSL Hospital soon", "text": "VARANASI: Sir Sunder Lal (SSL) Hospital of Banaras Hindu University is inviting Dr AM Patwardhan, senior cardiothoracic surgeon and vice-chancellor of Wardha University to perform open heart surgeries on blue children.Tetralogy of fallot is a birth defect in children. Impure blue blood mixes with the pure red blood in the heart thus giving blue and very sick appearance to the children.This defect can be corrected through open heart surgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13885405", "title": "US expresses concern over refugee situation in South Sudan", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States has expressed concerns about the situation faced by the growing Sudanese refugee population in South Sudan and called on its international partners to help them.\"We call on all international partners to help us meet UNHCR's urgent request to help the refugees in South Sudan. We also urge all donors, as well as private companies that may have critically-needed equipment in the refugee-hosting areas of South Sudan, to provide additional support to the humanitarian response,\" State Department spokesman Mark Toner said.The US, he said, remains deeply committed to meeting the humanitarian needs of the people of South Sudan, and urge the international community to join its efforts to relieve suffering and assist those affected by the on-going violence.\"The US and its partners are already responding to this crisis, but the needs are great and in danger of outstripping the humanitarian community's ability to respond,\" he said adding, there are now more than 150,000 Sudanese refugees in South Sudan, primarily fleeing from Sudan's Blue Nile and Southern Kordofan states.\"Access to sufficient water for the expanding refugee population in Upper Nile remains a significant issue. Humanitarian agencies are also struggling to improve and maintain access roads that will allow sufficient assistance to reach the growing refugee settlements and surrounding host communities,\" he said.The US has already stepped up to help prevent further suffering by providing more than USD34 million to support the emergency response to new Sudanese refugees in the region.\"We are concerned, though, that humanitarian agencies are still facing a shortage of the resources required to protect and assist the growing refugee population. An even greater emergency could be on the horizon as the rainy season threatens to severely curtail access to refugee-hosting areas,\" Toner said.The UNHCR has appealed to the international community for USD145 million to help prevent a humanitarian catastrophe, he said, adding that the US has already met 23 per cent of this request, but 70 per cent remains unfunded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13880972", "title": "Railway safety commissioner to probe Doon Express derailment", "text": "LUCKNOW: The commissioner of railway safety will hold an inquiry into the derailment of train 13009 Howrah-Dehradun Doon Express. Eleven coaches of Doon Express had derailed between Mihrawan-Khetasarai stations near Jaunpur, in Lucknow division of Northern Railway on May 31. Three persons died in the accident, while four received grievous injuries. Twenty two persons had sustained minor injuries.Railways has set up an inquiry to find out the cause of the accident. Any information from any person which has a bearing on the accident may be conveyed to the commissioner of railway safety, RK Kardam, either personally or in writing at northern circle, CRIS complex, Chanakyapuri.The inquiry will be held on June 8 and 9 (Friday and Saturday) from 10am to 6pm at Divisional Railway Manager's Office, Northern Railway, Lucknow.Train's frequency increased: To increase the passenger carrying capacity for convenience of rail passengers, Northern Railway has decided to increase the frequency of train numbers 12183/12184 Bhopal-Pratapgarh-Bhopal bi-weekly Express from two days a week to three days a week.The train 12183 Bhopal-Pratapgarh tri-weekly Express will run on every Sunday, Tuesday and Friday from Bhopal, from October 7, 2012.Meanwhile, in the return direction, train 12184 will run on every Monday, Wednesday and Saturday from Pratapgarh, from October 8.The train numbers 12193/12194 Bhopal-Pratapgarh weekly Express will be re-numbered as 12183/12184 Bhopal-Pratapgarh-Bhopal weekly Express train from October 7, when departing from Bhopal and from October 8, when departing from Pratapgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13876992", "title": "Woman steals car to recover loan money", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bhandup police arrested a general store owner's wife recently for driving away a man's Santro car after his brother failed to clear a Rs 70,000 loan that was taken from her. Divya Shah said she used the vehicle's spare key, which she possessed, to steal the vehicle that is owned by Munaf.The Ghatkopar crime branch tracked down Shah and the vehicle that was in her custody. She was arrested on June 3. Later, her custody was handed over to the Bhandup police.\"Shah is out on bail. She stole the vehicle on the night of May 12 when Munaf had parked the car at Sonapur in Bhandup (W). She said she wanted to recover the money she had loaned to Munaf's brother Arif,\" said Bhandup police senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda .\"Shah claimed that Munaf's brother Arif used to work as a driver with her a few months ago. Before leaving, he took Rs 70,000 from her and later refused to pay it back,\" said sub-inspector SR Bankar.According to sources, Shah contacted a cold drink company in Bandra where Munaf used to work. He was removed from the job but did not return the company vehicle. \"She told the employer that she will help them get back the car and sought help in getting her money back. However, the company backed off after learning about the incident,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13879647", "title": "Coimbatore cheers as mild drizzle signals upcoming monsoon", "text": "COIMBATORE: City residents have something to cheer about as the south west monsoon is likely to bail them out of the water crisis given that the catchment areas of Siruvani is expected to receive full fledged rainfall within the next 72 hours. It started drizzling in the area in Kerala on Wednesday afternoon bringing cheer to the corporation and water supply officials here in Coimbatore as it is seen as a clear indicator that full fledged monsoon showers are on the way.\"It drizzled in the catchment areas this afternoon and the pace of the monsoon is expected to pick up within the next few hours. It basically means that the water level in the Siruvani is all set to rise within the next few hours,\" said a senior Tamil Nadu Water Supply and Drainage Board (TWAD) official.City corporation officials are also keeping their fingers crossed as the existing water in Siruvani is expected to last till June 20 after which the city will be pushed into acute water crisis. The Siruvani level stood at 864.97 metres as of Wednesday as opposed to 864.97 metres on Tuesday.\"The level will rise from .5 to one metre if the catchment areas receive 10 mm rainfall. Regarding the drizzle that is happening today, most of it will be lost due to evaporation. But it is still a heartening sign,\" said a Coimbatore Corporation official.As a precautionary measure the city corporation has already started curtailing Siruvani supply to residents by at least half an hour and is also drawing only up to 63 mld of water as opposed to the total capacity of 85 mld to ensure maximum availability of water to residents. At the moment Siruvani water is supplied on alternate days. Meanwhile, some localities like Ram Nagar, Gandhipuram and Kattur areas located in the tail end of the Siruvani supply line are experiencing shortages in Siruvani water supply at the moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13896973", "title": "Kalmadi holds meeting with supporters in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Pune MP Suresh Kalmadi is putting in efforts to come back with a new vigour. To galvanize his supporters, Kalmadi recently convened a meeting to discuss political moves in future. Following his arrest on April 26, 2011, Kalmadi was suspended from the Congress party the same month. However, all Pune Congress MLAs and leaders of the party attended Kalmadi's meeting.Kalmadi supporters, however, claimed that the meeting was convened to discuss the celebrations of events like Pune festival, International marathon, film festival, etc which were started by Kalmadi.Kalmadi was jailed in Tihar for nine months for his alleged role in awarding the contract for installing the Timing-Scoring-Result system at an exorbitant cost of Rs 141 crore, allegedly causing a loss of over Rs 95 crore to the exchequer. In February, he returned to the city and since then kept a low profile.\"We are going to meet the Congress leadership and demand withdrawal of MP Kalmadi's suspension. The party has to face Lok Sabha and assembly elections in next couple of years and the party cannot afford keeping him out of picture\" said one of the former state ministers and Kalmadi's protege. Kalmadi is keen on making a come back in the party fold.However, anti-Kalmadi faction leaders in Pune said the party will have to face 'serious consequences' if Kalmadi's suspension is revoked. \"Already Congress government at the centre is facing a tough time over allegations of corruption. By bringing back Kalmadi, it will end up inviting an agitation against the government,\" said one of the state party spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13880876", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation gets new chief in Sanjay Khandare", "text": "NASHIK: Sanjay Khandare took charge as the Nashik municipal commissioner on Wednesday. Khandare, of 1996 IAS batch, was the Union secretary in the ministry of heavy industries and private enterprises before being shifted to Nashik.\"With the code of conduct in force, we have to see which work we can do without violating it. We have to review the works and do them case-by-case. We have to prioritize work on emergency basis. I still have to see the actual status of the works,\" said Khandare. He said avenues for increasing revenue have to be thought of and planned accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13877268", "title": "Father de-adopts 32-year-old; ex-son to move court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ashok Bajaj (32) faces a peculiar problem. His father has disowned him and also barred him from using his surname.While the man has been grappling with typical identity crisis following his father's decision, his wife has approached cops complaining of harassment against her in-laws. In her complaint, Ashok's wife, Muskan has leveled allegations against four of her in-laws - except the 72-year-old father Ramchand Bajaj.This outcome of a property dispute had its genesis in an adoption that took place in 1980, when Ramchand adopted his sister's son - Ashok Roopella. In March, displeased with Ashok, the old man decided to end the relationship and got a declaration of revocation of adoption deed prepared.Denying any right to his property to Ashok in his affidavit, Ramchand stated, \"Due to development of undesired and disturbing circumstances, I am unable to continue his adoption as my son... Looking to his adamant behaviour and criminal approach, I have decided to voluntarily revoke the adoption... Henceforth, his name shall be changed to Ashokkumar Damodardas Roopella.\"Ashok, on the other hand, said that the adoption cannot be revoked in this manner and he would challenge the decision of his father in a civil court. \"We came to know of his decision a week back. I have never heard of such an arrangement,\" he said.Ashok's wife stated in her complaint, \"The deed itself was done illegally. In order to harass me, they have made my husband an orphan. This is a conspiracy. At the time of marriage, I was made to understand that my husband is Ramchand's son. Once adopted, a son cannot be disowned by revocation deed.\"The couple claims that the Sardarnagar police were not registering their complaint initially. Muskan alleged that even after registration of an FIR, cops were siding with the accused and she was getting threatening calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13890857", "title": "Tarantino's Django Unchained's trailer is out!", "text": "Quentin Tarantino's next film after his glorious Inglourious Basterds, Django Unchained, is already raising one's expectations.The film is the first Western that Tarantino is directing and stars Leonardo DiCaprio in a negative role! The trailer of the film was released this week and as all Tarantino's films go, this one too superbly shot action sequences backed up mesmerizing music. And Di Caprio's gloriously over-the-top villain act looks like it will be the icing on the cake.Set in the South two years before the Civil War, Django Unchained stars Jamie Foxx as Django, a slave whose brutal history with his former owners lands him face-to-face with German-born bounty hunter Dr King Schultz ( Christoph Waltz ). Schultz is on the trail of the murderous Brittle brothers, and only Django can lead him to his bounty. The unorthodox Schultz acquires Django with a promise to free him upon the capture of the Brittles - dead or alive.Success leads Schultz to free Django, though the two men choose not to go their separate ways. Instead, Schultz seeks out the South's most wanted criminals with Django by his side. Honing vital hunting skills, Django remains focused on one goal - finding and rescuing Broomhilda ( Kerry Washington ), the wife he lost to the slave trade long ago.Django and Schultz's search ultimately leads them to Calvin Candie (DiCaprio), the proprietor of \"Candyland,\" an infamous plantation where slaves are groomed by trainer Ace Woody ( Kurt Russell ) to battle each other for sport. Exploring the compound under false pretenses, Django and Schultz arouse the suspicion of Stephen ( Samuel L Jackson ), Candie's trusted house slave. Their moves are marked, and a treacherous organization closes in on them. If Django and Schultz are to escape with Broomhilda, they must choose between independence and solidarity, between sacrifice and survival...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13876247", "title": "Gadchiroli again in thick of police-Naxal action", "text": "NAGPUR: The ongoing protest week and 'Jan Fituri Saptah' by Naxalitess for inciting people against government moves like stationing Army in Chhattisgarh , along with the bandh call on Thursday and again on June 12 in Central India, have left brought the districts of Gadchiroli and Gondia sizzling with tension with both rebels and security forces gearing up against each other.While the security forces have upped the heat on Naxals, the rebels too kept up their violent activities leaving Gadchiroli reeling. Two encounters within seven hours and an incident of arson by the Naxalites at Aheri taluka in south Gadchiroli in the early hours of Wednesday and day before have underlined the intensity of face-off.The security forces took Naxalites by surprise during a special operation near Mayal Ghat on Gondia border when they managed to surround a bunch of rebels resting in a late night operation in the jungle in Korchi taluka. The commandos tried to inch forward when the Naxal lookouts opened fire. It is learnt there was an exchange of fire for around half-an-hour. The special operation was organized as a part of police's plan to challenge Naxalites during their protest weeks and bandh calls.The Naxals retreated as the C-60 commandos mounted pressure. Police said that a revolver, nine rucksacks with materials, several walkie-talkie sets, detonators, wires and other materials were recovered from the spot. There were also blood signs on the grass where the Naxals had taken position during the encounter. Police said that it was either Naxals' Platoon B or a combination of Korchi-Kurkheda-Khobramenda dalams operating in the region.In the second encounter early Wednesday morning, the forces intercepted a Naxal dalam near Padaboriya village about seven kilometres from Maharashtra-Chhattisgarh border in Dhanora tehsil. It was a joint operation of district police and Central reserve police force (CRPF). The force was heading towards the village following a specific input regarding Naxalite presence. The Naxalites, most likely from Potegaon and Chatgaon dalams, were learnt to be just leaving the village. In this case too, Naxalites retreated. A search led to seizure of medicine kits, Naxalite uniforms, ration, detonators and wires meant for planting mines.Superintendent of police, Gadchiroli, S Vireesh Prabhu said the operations are still on. \"The searches are being conducted at different places in the district. We are keeping up the pressure,\" he said. The Naxals left the police department concerned when they managed to set a forest department office and vehicle on fire at Dechalipetha village in Aheri taluka. It is learnt that the forest office, that had documents and records in it, was substantially damaged.Police and Naxals also played hide-and-seek at a few other places as the rebels tried to block the roads and the security forces opened them. The Sironcha-Aheri road in southern part of the district, part of state highway, along with a stretch in Dhanora in north Gadchiroli which connected Murumgaon were also blocked but later re-opened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13891019", "title": "Jishnu in Annum Innum Ennum", "text": "Jishnu is coming up in Malayalam movie, 'Annum Innum Ennum'. Nishan and Radhika are playing lead roles in the movie.The script and direction is by Rajesh Nair. Thilakan, Sidhique, Salimkumar, Bijukuttan, Dinesh Panickar, Seema G. Nair and Rosin Jolly are the other stars of the movie.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13883681", "title": "Lalu for central university at Motihari", "text": "Patna: RJD chief Lalu Prasad has said his 'awareness march' will start as per schedule from June 12 from Motihari to Gaya to press for full-fledged central universities at these two places.Lalu said he had a talk over phone with Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal and he made it clear to Sibal that nothing short of a full-fledged central university each at the two places would satisfy him. The Centre had on June 5 announced it would set up campuses of the university at the two places. Apart from this, Lalu also demanded central university status for Patna University.Talking about the killing of Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh, Lalu said chief minister Nitish Kumar did not have any option but to hand over the killing case to the CBI as the Bhojpur police failed to make any headway in the case during the past five days. He said the state government must make its recommendation letter to the CBI public so that everyone could know how strong the recommendation was. \"The CM should talk to the Union home minister in this regard,\" he said.When Lalu was told about the deferment of CM Nitish Kumar's 'seva yatra' to Bhojpur, he said the CM was in the know of the gravity of the situation there. \"I wonder why the CM remained away from the state capital when it became a picture of complete lawlessness on June 2. It was like Patna was burning and Nero was savouring 'Jardalu' mango in Bhagalpur,\" Lalu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13879830", "title": "Huge growth projected in tourism industry: Minister", "text": "MADURAI: State tourism minister, S Gokula Indira has projected that the tourism industry in the state is expected to grow leaps and bounds with 'Vision 2023'.Speaking after inaugurating the centre for tourism and hotel management and multi-speciality health centre at Madurai Kamaraj University (MKU) on Wednesday, Indira said the state government through its 'Vision 2023' released by chief minister recently, has allocated Rs 10,000 crore for constructing hotels, amusement parks, eco parks under public - private - partnership (PPP) model for developing tourism in the state. She said that about 76 new hotels will come up in Tamil Nadu in a year or two, while there are plans to construct four-star and five-star hotels as well.Indira also lauded MKU for coming up with the new integrated five-year master's programme in tourism and hotel management (MTHM), and said that it is very much appropriate for a city like Madurai. \"Madurai, which is known for its hospitality, is a great tourism spot with round the year tourist inflow. Starting a course on tourism and hospitality is very fitting to provide skilled personnel for the industry,\" Indira stated. She also announced that the eco park being set up by the tourism department along with Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowment (HR &amp; CE) at Tiruparankundram will be opened shortly.Kalyani Mathivanan, vice-chancellor of the university said, \"Today, tourism is one of largest service industries providing 8.78% of the total employment in India. If India is to realise its enormous potential in this sector, we must provide world-class facilities matched with technology qualified workforce to our guests.\"She also said that the university has started working on the multi-speciality health centre which will cater to the needs of the people in and around the university campus and provide them with immediate medical attention in specific areas like cardiology, gynaecology, diabetes, dentistry and ophthalmology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13876749", "title": "Stung government plans infrastructure push to get economy moving", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Congress Working Committee's (CWC) frown over policy inaction still stinging, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday goaded his ministers in charge of core sectors to get cracking on building infrastructure, making it clear that no excuses will be tolerated.Excuses over the lack of clearances delaying projects will not be tolerated, Singh is learnt to have said at the meeting that was convened after Congress leaders attending the CWC meeting expressed concern over slackening growth and stalled governance.Singh used the meeting to allay concerns over governance freeze. \"There is no political paralysis. The government means business,\" a participant quoted him as saying. Singh said the infrastructure push would help revive investment in the short run, while in the long run, it will clear hurdles to growth.He did acknowledge that India was at a \"critical juncture\", even though he ascribed the slowdown to external factors. \"After achieving remarkably high growth rates over the past eight years and emerging as the second-fastest growing large economy in the world, we are now running into more turbulent weather. The global economy is passing through difficult times. This has affected us,\" the PM said.When ministers cited inter-ministerial differences at the meeting, the mild-mannered Singh appeared to be unusually assertive. \"I would expect them (ministries) to very expeditiously resolve any inter-ministerial differences or turf battles that might arise as we move forward,\" the PM told the gathering.Singh also pointed out that the PMO will also have a mechanism to overcome these hurdles. In addition, he intends to review the progress on the targets every three months and also release a report card of sorts.The meeting, which was attended by ministers of power, coal, aviation, road and shipping, saw the government chalking out a job card for the year that includes awarding airport contracts in Navi Mumbai and Goa, as well as and port projects worth Rs 20,000 crore in Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal. The much-touted Bullet Train from Mumbai to Ahmedabad is also on the \"to do\" list, though so far only a pre-feasibility report has been prepared. In addition, an aviation hub policy, with Delhi and Chennai to act as major nodes for airlines, is on the anvil.Railways minister Mukul Roy did not attend the huddle, and was represented by chairman of Railway Board, Vinay Mittal.The other notable absence was that of finance minister Pranab Mukherjee who, according to sources close to him, had informed the PM of his inability to make it.With the government facing fiscal constraints, the focus seemed to be on getting private investors as the PM urged ministers to expedite clearances, a common grouse among investors for held up projects. He is learnt to have told his team that to take the economy back to 9% growth rates, the share of private investment in infrastructure needs to be stepped up.\"In these difficult times, we must do everything possible to revive business and investor sentiment. We must work to create an atmosphere which is conducive to investment and to removing any bottlenecks that may be hurting the growth process. We as a government are committed to taking the necessary measures to reverse the present situation and revive and revitalize India's growth story. We are aware that we have to act on multiple fronts to achieve this and we will indeed do all that is required of us,\" Singh said.Deputy chairman of Planning Commission, Montek Singh Ahluwalia, said that getting investments will also serve the purpose of rebutting the perception of slowdown. \"This is a clear indication to the external world of the push being given to the achievement of targets in important infrastructure sectors so that it inspires confidence about the overall economic growth rate,\" an official release quoted Ahluwalia as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13882021", "title": "Pune police told to probe foeticide cases carefully", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police on Monday issued instructions to all 32 stations in the city to conduct investigations in female foeticide if any complaints are received.Speaking to TOI, additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde on Tuesday said commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar has issued instructions that instant action should be taken and evidence should be collected properly if any complaints are received in such cases.When asked about the number of such cases reported, Shinde said the police have cases of unwed mothers abandoning their children after birth reported in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13879172", "title": "College admissions: HC nod to manual applications", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Students aspiring to take admission in Odisha colleges for the 2012-13 academic session can submit manual application forms. The Orissa High Court passed an interim order in this regard on Tuesday.The order came in response to a PIL filed by social activist and former chemistry lecturer Biswabasu Dash, challenging the compulsory e-admission system introduced by the state government for admission in Plus-II and Plus-III courses in colleges across the state.In his petition, Dash said a student had to pay much less in filling up forms in the manual mode as the e-admission process entailed hidden costs such as traveling to a cyber cafe and cost of using the internet there. He also alleged the claim that e-admission would bring credibility to the system was belied by the CAG report which described the lacunae and anomalies in the system. Besides, the claim that e-admission would reduce the anxiety and tension among students and parents was not true as unfamiliarity of this high-tech method and the need to travel to cyber cafes and SAMS Center there has been a quantum leap in anxiety and tension levels, the petition said. The petition also highlighted large scale financial gain by the state government in the e-admission process.A joint bench of Justices Sanju Panda and B K Mishra ordered: \"During pendency of the writ petition, there is no bar for students to apply for admission into degree courses during the academic session 2012-13 by applications manually.\"Higher education secretary Chandra Sekhar Kumar said, \"We are looking into the matter and would make arrangements to act as per the court order as soon as possible.\"The computer-based admission for Plus-III courses in different degree colleges in the state had already started on June 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13881759", "title": "IPS officer Narendra Kumar\u2019s death a mishap: CBI", "text": "INDORE: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) that probed the death of Indian Police Service (IPS) officer Narendra Kumar, while on duty in Morena on March 8, has concluded that the officer's death was a mishap. The CBI presented its chargesheet before Special CBI court of Suman Shrivastava on Wednesday.The chargesteet states that the accused Manoj Kumar Gujjar allegedly ran his tractor-trolley laden with illegally mined stones over Kumar when he tried to stop it.The CBI slapped Sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) and 353 (obstructing government work) of the IPC and Section 181 of the Motor Vehicle Act against the sole accused, Gujjar.Senior public prosecutor of CBI A H Khan, said, \"The accused was booked for unintentional murder and there was neither any involvement of mining mafia nor any political motive behind the death of the young IPS officer.\"He further said that the chargesheet was submitted on completion of the mandatory 90 days and now the accused will be produced before the court on June 11.Under the Sections mentioned in the chargesheet, the accused can either get 10 years of jail term or life imprisonment. A copy of the chargesheet will be handed over to the accused prior to the trial.The CBI chargesheet states that on the day of incident, IPS Narendra Kumar was on Holi bandobast duty in Morena district. During patrolling, he spotted a tractor loaded with 'Khanda' stones. Suspecting the stones as illegal, he tried to stop the vehicle but the driver increased its speed in a bid to flee.After a chase, Kumar tried to climb over the tractor by holding the canopy with his one hand and steering wheel of the tractor with another hand. Kumar tried to take out the key and asked the driver to stop the vehicle. The driver of the tractor kicked in the stomach of Kumar following which he fell down and the accused allegedly ran the tractor over him instead of stopping it.Though the chargesheet referred to illegal mining, it held Gujjar solely responsible for the death and illegal mining. The chargesheet states that Gujjar had got loaded the Khanda stone on his tractor-trolley from a jungle in Banmore village. The mining in the area is illegal as no licence has been granted to anybody for the purpose. The CBI chargesheet says that the tractor driver used to supply Khanda stones in the area on demand. The CBI officials said that investigations were carried out on the basis of local police report and versions of local police. The charge-sheet has listed 42 people as witnesses and it has also enclosed 51 documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13877192", "title": "Admissions to diploma engineering colleges begin today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Admissions to diploma engineering colleges - for those who have cleared the SSC exams - will begin from Thursday. Marksheets will be delivered to students in their schools on Thursday, following which the Admission Committee for Professional Diploma Courses (ACPDC) will begin the distribution of forms till June 16. Students will be able to submit the forms, register themselves, and submit documents from June 8.After authorities declare the final matrix, a provisional merit list will be declared on June 22. Settling of choices for mock rounds will take place from June 25 to July 2. The final seat matrix of all colleges will be declared on July 11.The ACPC will declare the final merit list of admissions on July 26. Following the exhaustive The academic session will begin from August 8. Officials said that there are 45,000 seats in 92 polytechnic colleges in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "13883333", "title": "Shelter home inmate gang-raped, another missing", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: In a shocking revelation, a 17-year-old mentally retarded inmate of a shelter home in Chhachhrauli block of Yamunanagar district was allegedly raped by two youths on June 1.The incident took place after she ran away from the shelter home, Bal Kunj, along with a 14-year-old girl, who is still missing.Police on Tuesday lodged an FIR against five youths under rape charges after the girl narrated her tale of woes before a probe committee headed by city magistrate, Yamunanagar, Pooja Chavariya.\"Doctors have confirmed that the girl, who seems mentally retarded, was raped,\" said police's investigation officer, Pawan Kumar.The shelter home was mired in controversy after the 14-year-old girl went missing. Later, many other inmates alleged that they were subjected to mental and physical torture by shelter home's officials.Pawan Kumar told The Times of India that they were investigating whether the second girl disappeared on June1 or May 30 as informed by the shelter home management.According to the complainant girl, two youths had raped her and another three had gone inside a room with the other girl, aged 14, but did not know what happened with her inside the room.The girl said that she along with two girls, including one named Devi, had tried to run away from the shelter home after jumping its wall on June 1. Devi was caught by the chowkidar (guard) of the shelter home while we succeeded in jumping the wall,\" the complainant was quoted by police as saying.\"Five youths caught us after some distance from the shelter home,\" she told the investigators. \"They told us that they would take us to the shelter home. But they took us to an unknown place in a three-wheeler,\" she alleged. \"Two of the accused took me to a room. Mere sath galat kam hua hai (I was sexually assaulted),\" she said.According to the girl, after the incident, she somehow managed to run away from that unknown place to reach her home at Jagadhri.The accused have not been identified as yet, though the girl said that one of them was called as \"Sonu\" by others.The girl was staying at the shelter home after the death of her mother around ten years back.Pawan Kumar said that contradicting facts are coming out in the case. \"We have also come to know that the girl had gone to her home on May 27,\" Kumar said, adding that they are facing a challenge in probing the case as the girl is mentally retarded.Meanwhile, the state child welfare council has transferred shelter home's superintendent, Sukhvinder Singh, to its head office at Chandigarh. A woman superintendent, Kamla Rathi, will look after the affairs of the shelter home, said council's state general secretary, Indu Dahiya.\"Sub-divisional magistrate of Bilashpur, Ashwani Maingi, will supervise the shelter home's functioning in place of district child welfare officer, Yamunanagar, Manisha Khanna,\" Dahiya added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13898839", "title": "Samantha to work with Karthi in \"Biriyani\"?", "text": "Actress Samantha is now the most sought after actress in Tollywood and Kollywood. And the fresh buzz in the tinsel town is that the lucky mascot is likely to play the female lead in Karthi's next's film \"Biriyani\" to be directed by Venkat Prabhu. Reports say that the director is planning to bring this pair for a romantic comedy titled \"Biryani\". However, the cute actress is yet to give the green signal for Venkat Prabhu.\"Biriyani\" it tipped to be a bilingual film to be shot in Telugu and Tamil simultaneously. As such, director Venkat is looking for a familiar face that can lure the audience in both the languages. Samantha is already busy for more than half a dozen films in Telugu and Tamil and, the crew of \"Biriyani\" needs to wait for some time to get her nod. The film will have music by Yuvan Shankar Raja while Sakthi Saravanan wields the camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "13878108", "title": "Two gulmohar trees fall in Vasco", "text": "VASCO: Gusty winds brought down two gulmohar trees in Vasco.According to Francisco Mendes, Vasco Fire Station in-charge, the trees came crashing down on compound walls. One was at Housing Board Colony of MPT at Baina, and the other near the Japanese garden at Sada. In Baina, the Vasco fire services staff reached the spot and it took almost an hour to clear the branches of the tree from the road.The MPT fire service also helped in clearing the tree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13878305", "title": "Chief minister Manohar Parrikar under fire for volte-face on medium of instruction", "text": "MARGAO: Claiming that Konkani primary medium schools had now been reduced to a minority due to the recent decision taken by chief minister Manohar Parrikar on the medium of instruction (MoI), Konkani Basha Mandal (KBM) president Prashant Naik said that all chances of invigorating the Konkani movement had been effectively killed.\"Basically, the chief minister has gone against the sentiments of the people as he was not only part of the movement but had participated in the dharna carried out by the Bharatiya Bhasha Suraksha Manch (BBSM),\" said Naik, while speaking to TOI on Wednesday.Naik criticized Parrikar for having gone back on his public stand thus betraying all those who were opposing grants to English primary education schools and added that Parrikar himself had promised that grants would only be given to primary schools that had their mother tongue as the MoI.\"Given that he has gone back on these promises, we have to wait and see how he implements his promises regarding subsidies and support to Konkani and Marathi schools,\" added NaikNaik pointed out that he was part of the Nirakaar education society in Canacona and they had applied for permission to open two Konkani medium primary schools at different locations well in time (last November) but the government had not granted them permission. Naik listed out examples of students who had studied with the mother tongue as MoI and had excelled. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13880572", "title": "IIT alumni write to Manmohan Singh, Kapil Sibal claims senates\u2019 nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: A section of the IIT alumni wrote to PM Manmohan Singh on Tuesday opposing the common IIT-JEE exam from next year even as the government said that facts were being misrepresented.Human resource development minister Kapil Sibal said that the decision had been taken by the joint council of the IITs, NITs and IIITs and had the support of four of the seven IIT senates. Sibal said that he had categorically said at the IIT council meeting that if \"there is a single dissent\" he will not go ahead with the proposal. \"The council consists of the IITs, the IIITs and the NITs. There was not a single dissent. It was unanimously adopted. Therefore, I went forward,\" the minister said.\"I had also said the views of the senate would be taken into account. And will not move forward till their views are taken into account. Their views were taken into account,\" he said.Last week, Sibal had said that from 2013, aspiring candidates for IITs and other central institutes like NITs and IIITs will have to sit under new a format of common entrance test which will take plus two board results into consideration.This was not a government decision and all directors of IIT, NIT, and IIIT sitting together said that \"this was a right decision\", Sibal said.\"There is a statute. Under the statute, there is a council. And a decision is taken under the statute by the council. I, as the minister, happened to be the chairman of the council,\" he said. Sibal said out of seven, four senates agreed to the decision. Senates points were taken into account.\"Guwahati, Kharagpur, Madras and Roorkie were the four supporters of it. Incidentally, as far as Bombay is concerned, they also supported,\" he said. IIT Delhi and Kanpur are opposed to the move. Incidentally, over 50 senate members from IIT Delhi have written to their director asking for a special meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877596", "title": "Malnourished Buldhana baby girl dies, mom battles for life", "text": "MUMBAI: The malnourished baby girl from Buldhana, who was admitted to Akola government hospital, died on Tuesday. The causes of death were given as pre-maturity, extreme low birth weight with septicaemia.The baby, born on May 20, weighed 1,020 gram. Subsequently, she started losing weight, and at the time of death, she weighed 880 gm, said officials from the Government Medical College, Akola.TOI, in its May 29 edition, had highlighted the baby's plight and the problem of malnutrition in Sangrampur block. The problem has worsened due to the drought. While there is no trace of healthcare in the region, officials blame people for not approaching anganwadis for help or seeking medical treatment.\"The baby was very fragile when she was brought here. Due to septicaemia, all her organs were getting affected. She was under observation but finally succumbed,\" said Dr Prashant Uikey, head of gynaecology department and acting dean of the hospital.Meanwhile, the baby's mother, Sarjubai Tota (18) is unaware of her baby's death. She herself is battling for life. \"It is difficult to say if she will survive. She is extremely emaciated and anaemic. She is suffering from full-blown pulmonary tuberculosis,\" said Dr Uikey.The Sangrampur taluka comprises 105 villages and has 3.25 lakh residents. Of these, 15,000 live below the poverty line. While the entire region is plagued by malnutrition, 18 tribal villages have been hit the hardest. The health department of the district also conducted a health camp on Tuesday and has decided to address the concerns of the villagers. At the health camp, it was found that of the 144 kids examined, 32 suffered from medium malnutrition and four from severe. The others were in danger of being declared malnourished. \"Not only the children, their mothers, too, are malnourished. Until care is given to mothers, nothing can be done to children,\" said activist Kailash Khade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13878967", "title": "Young trees chopped to make way for billboards", "text": "KOLKATA: Young trees that were barely three years old have been chopped off near the two footbridges on VIP Road reportedly to make way for billboards. These trees were part of compensatory plantation after fully-grown trees were felled during the construction of the flyover connecting EM Bypass and VIP Road. These three were chopped off reportedly to make way for billboards.On Friday, commuters through the road were shocked to find labourers engaged by Pioneer Publicity chopping off about two dozen trees beside the footbridge ramps at Shreebhumi and Golaghata, on the airport flank. The trees were chopped off in the morning during the morning peak hour in full public glare.\"Many trees were felled during the construction of the flyover connecting VIP Road and EM Bypass. Recently, age-old trees were felled between Keshtopur and Teghoria for the construction of the upcoming flyover between Keshtopur and Joramandir. We can understand that we had to lose these trees for development projects. But why chop the trees that were planted just a couple of years ago?\" questioned Rupam Nandi of Baguiati.Pioneer Publicity has taken up a beautification project on the median divider of the VIP Road between Ultadanga and the airport. Carved stones, railings with fresh coats of paint, shrubs, flowers and attractive displays are being put up on the median divider to make a drive ing down to the airport a pleasing experience.In return, the outdoor advertising organisation has been allowed by the PWD to put up display boards - 32 unipoles and three gantries at different locations of the median divider.Those who felled the trees on Friday are workers engaged by Pioneer Publicity. They said that they were told to clear the trees so that two monopoles could be installed along the ramps of the two footbridges. The monopoles would be rented out to advertisers. TOI noticed the monopoles (30X14 feet) being constructed near the Golaghata footbridge.Shravant Kumar Dubey, an employee of Pioneer Publicity, supervising the work at the site, was caught on the wrong foot when TOI visited the location. After initial refusal to comment on chopping of trees, he denied that he had any knowledge of it. \"I have not told the workers to chop the trees. I do not know why they have done it,\" said Dubey. He also refused to comment on where the two monopoles would come up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13895423", "title": "Spice launches 5-inch, Android 4.0 phone @ Rs 12K", "text": "NEW DELHI: Domestic handset maker SMobility has announced the launch of its 'Stellar' range of devices, priced sub-Rs 12,000, as it aims to garner a larger share of the burgeoning smartphone segment in the country.\"The 'Stellar' range offers security as the unique proposition, promising protection against virus and data loss or theft on these Android devices. For this, the company has partnered with NQ Mobile, a leading mobile security provider,\" SMobility Global Head (Devices) Kunal Ahooja told reporters here.SMobility has launched Spice Stellar, Spice Stellar Craze and Spice Stellar Horizon. While Spice Steller will be available across the country from today, the other two would be launched soon.Spice Stellar runs on Android 2.3 Gingerbread and is upgradable to Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS). It runs on a 1GHZ Qualcomm Snapdragon processor and has a 4-inch touchscreen. The smartphone has a 2000 mAh battery and a 5 megapixel autofocus camera. The smartphone is priced Rs 9,999.Spice Stellar Horizon sports a 5-inch touchscreen and runs on Android 4.0 ICS. It packs in a 1 GHz dual core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor and a dedicated 300 MHz GPU. There's a 5MP auto focus camera with a 0.3MP front camera supporting video calling. Other key features, include dual-SIM capability, GPS/ AGPS and Wi-Fi tethering. Spice Stellar Horizon is priced at Rs 11,999 and will hit the retail market by the end of this month.Spice Stellar Craze comes with a 3.5-inch touchscreen, 800 MHz processor and runs on Android 2.3 Gingerbread, which is upgradable to Android 4.0 ICS. The smartphone is priced at Rs Rs 6,499.The smartphone category, which has traditionally been dominated by players like Samsung , Apple and Sony , is witnessing a lot of action lately as domestic companies like Micromax and S Mobility launch their devices to take on these multinational giants.\"We are focussing on evolving from a feature phone brand to a smartphone company. It will take us 2-3 years in the segment to make a mark as it will take time to assure people that our devices are as packed with capabilities as that from any other vendors,\" Ahooja said.Smartphones are phones running on operating systems like Google's Android, Microsoft Windows and Apple's iOS among others.The company had launched Android-based smartphones last year. This year, it plans to launch eight new devices under 'Stellar' as well as double its smartphones sales in the next couple of quarters.He added that the company is eyeing sales of seven million handsets, including smartphones, this year in India from six million last year.A company official said SMobility sells about 600,000 handsets in India a month, of which 30,000 are smartphones.SMobility aims to double its smartphone sales to 60,000 a month over the next two quarters, he added.According to a study by Research and Markets, smartphones are expected to account for about 25 per cent (with 73.4 million units) of the total Indian mobile phone market by 2015. It estimated that about 11.2 million smartphones were shipped to India in 2011.The research firm said sales of smartphones in India will grow at 60 per cent annually on average till 2015, while overall mobile handset sales will grow at about 13 per cent per year.India is the second largest mobile handset market in the world, after China, and is estimated to have grown by 15 per cent to touch $6.75 billion in revenues in 2010-11 from $5.88 billion a year back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "13883537", "title": "Brewing trouble: Punjab excise department rejects anti-liquor resolutions without reason", "text": "PATIALA: Now it's official that Punjab excise and taxation department (ETD) had rejected anti-liquor resolutions of Punjab villages in violation of Punjab Panchayati Raj Act and without any valid reason.Information procured under RTI Act has reportedly shown that police have not made any liquor seizure in 26 villages, but ETD authorities rejected their anti-liquor resolutions by claiming that police seized liquor from these villages.The affected villages have called an emergency meeting at Sangrur on June 10 to announce their future course of action.Under section 40 of Punjab Panchayati Raj Act, village panchayats have powers to close liquor shops in their villages by passing resolutions. But the Act also mandates that there should not be any case of liquor seizure in the village during the last two years from the date of passing the resolution. There are allegations that excise department has been misusing liquor seizure clause of the Act to discourage panchayats, without giving any valid reason.Of the 89 anti-liquor resolutions passed by various panchayats of Punjab this year, excise department has accepted only 30 anti-liquor resolutions while authorities claimed that it rejected the remaining, stating that police have booked residents of that village after confiscating liquor from them.Giving RTI information, SSPs of Sangrur, Hoshiarpur and Gurdaspur districts have confirmed that police have not made any liquor seizure from these villages and no FIR has been registered against residents of these villages during the last two years.ETD authorities have rejected the resolutions of Matoi, Bhagwanpura, Bhaini Kalan, Dhaner Kalan, Mehamadpur, Hareri, Gurdaspura, Sakraudi, Kunra,Chular, Dhaner Khurd, Gaga, Kotra Lehal, Nagra, Ghabda, Akabarpur, Kahangarh, Manmajra, Alaal, Hasanpur, Khubadwal, Diwangarh camper, Neelowal of Sangrur district, Ghumiala, Zahura of Hoshiarpur and Kodwal of Gurdwaspur district by claiming that police have made liquor seizures from these villages.\"In RTI information, SSPs have given us that no FIR has been registered against any person of these villages. It shows ETD authorities rejected anti-liquor resolutions without any valid reason and under pressure from liquor mafia. We have called an emergency meeting on June 10,\" said Dr A S Mann, president, Scientific Awareness and Social Welfare Forum (SASWF).Demanding amendments in the liquor seizure clause of Punjab Panchayati Raj Act, panchayats had met Punjab rural minister Surjit Singh Rakhra some days back at Patiala and submitted a memorandum. The minister has formed a special team of his officers to take immediate steps in this direction.When contacted, ETD Punjab commissioner, A Venu Prasad, said they have rejected the resolutions as per law. \"If there is no FIR, panchayats can approach us again for review of rejections,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13896757", "title": "UP Lokayukta gives consent for probe into stone procurement scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Lokayukta Justice (Retd) NK Mehrotra has given his consent to the government to issue a notification under section (18) of the UP Lokayukta Act. The notification has to be issued to empower Lokayukta to begin proceedings against the \"non-public\" servants, in the complaint received over financial bungling in the construction of Ambedkar Smarak Sthal in Lucknow and Noida.After the preliminary enquiry by vigilance department, state government had asked the Lokayukta to probe into alleged financial irregularities into purchase and supply of pink sandstone used in construction of boundary walls of Ambedkar memorials and parks in Lucknow and Noida. The UP Lokayukta, in turn, had asked the government to issue a notification and provide a specialised agency for enquiry into alleged irregularities.The notification under section 18 is required to initiate inquiry against non-public servants. \"To initiate inquiry against contractors who procured sandstone despite the fact that their mining lease had expired, I asked government to issue the notification,\" said Lokayukta. To issue the notification, government has to have a consent from the Lokayukta.With the consent being given, it is up to the state government now when it issues a notification.The government has asked the Lokayukta to probe into the involvement of government departments, officials and suppliers. As per the preliminary enquiry conducted by the vigilance department the then joint director of Directorate of Geology and Mining S A Farooqui had written a letter to the managing director of Rajkiya Nirman Nigam in July 2007. Farooqui asked a consortium of mining leaseholders in Mirzapur, Sonbhadra and Chunar for the availability of pink sandstone for the memorials.The then joint director asked the RNN to enter into an agreement with Shahi Marbel Corporation Makrana, Rajasthan, for delivery of sandstone to Lucknow. The report said that while lease-holders claimed to have been paid Rs 75 as labour charge, Rs 20 for loading, royalty and sales tax, on paper the labour charge was shown at Rs 150 per cubic feet. Some11,330 cubic metre sandstone was supplied between July and December 2007, 24,582 cubic metre was supplied between January and November 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13881093", "title": "CM asks Nabard chief to lift ban on unlicensed cooperative banks", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chairman of National Agriculture and Rural development Bank (NABARD) Prakash Bakshi called on chief minister Akhilesh Yadav at his official residence on Wednesday. The two discussed, among other things, the priorities of the state government. The chief minister apprised Bakshi that the countryside and farmers formed the core priority of the state government.Keeping this in mind, the CM requested the NABARD chairman to take prompt decisions on different issues regarding the development of the state. During the meeting, the issue of the Reserve Bank of India ban on disposal and deposits in the 25 unlicensed district cooperative banks in the state was also discussed. The CM requested Bakshi to lift the ban and allow these banks to work as in the past.The chief minister also asked the NABARD chairman to immediately release the Central share of Rs 922.28 crore under the recommendations of the Vaidyanathan Committee to revive District Cooperative Banks and Pax. While discussing the issues pertaining to the UP Cooperative Rural Development Bank, the chief minister reminded the NABARD chairman that finance re-appropriation proposals worth Rs 416 crore were pending with NABARD whose credit sanction letter was not issued till June 30, 2012. The chief minister further said that despite a state guarantee on the issue mentioned, the bank was not sanctioning the issuance of the credit letters. He also requested the chairman to take a prompt view on the matter and highlighted that bank transactions had stopped, because of which, it was adversely affecting the reputation and financial credibility of the bank and the state.To meet the crop loan disbursement target of Rs 4,265 crore in the year 2012-13, the chief minister said the NABARD should at least give Rs 2250 crore fund allotment. He also requested that the bank maintain 2.5 per cent loan repayment interest rate and to ensure that the loans for farmers be disbursed by cooperative institutions at 7% interest. He also mentioned that the state was fulfilling all conditions set by the bank.He also mentioned that under the guidelines of NABARD, CBS facility has been implemented in 15 out of the 50 district cooperative banks. Discussing the storage facilities for agriculture products, the CM asked NABARD to provide more funds for making of additional capacity storage houses in the state.Other than this, Yadav also sought increase in the loan repayment capacity for agriculture, education, irrigation and the public works department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "13889394", "title": "Indian scientist S Rajan re-elected to UN entity on ocean affairs", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: In a keenly contested election, eminent Indian scientist Sivaramakrishnan Rajan has been re-elected to an entity under the UN entity focussed on oceans and law of the sea.Rajan was India's candidate to the Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf (CLCS), which is tasked with facilitating implementation of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.He will serve as member of the Commission for a five-year term from 2012-17.Rajan obtained 112 of the 161 valid votes cast in the first round at a meeting of the State Parties to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea ( UNCLOS) on Wednesday.The election was keenly contested in the Asia-Pacific group with eight candidates in the fray for five seats.A member of the commission since June 2007, Rajan is presently working with Goa-based National Centre for Antarctic and Ocean Research.He has extensive expertise in matters relating to marine geophysical surveys and has been deeply involved in the implementation of the programme on Delineation of Outer Limits of Continental Shelf.A statement from India's mission to UN here said Rajan has taken keen interest in developing national and international collaborative programmes including in Polar Sciences and Integrated Ocean Drilling Programme (IODP).He has to his credit several technical and professional papers which have been published in various journals, relating to marine geology, geophysics, geo-dynamics, geo-magnetics, oceanography and hydrography.The commission consists of 21 members, who are experts in the field of geology, geophysics or hydrography, and are elected for a five year term by States Parties to the Convention from among their nationals.Earlier this year in April, India had registered a significant victory when Justice Dalveer Bhandari was elected for a six-year term to The Hague-based International Court of Justice, the principal judicial organ of the United Nations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13880526", "title": "Star gazers keep date with cosmic wonder", "text": "LUCKNOW: Curiosity drove out Manu Yasha Chaturvedi from her maternal grandparents' home on Wednesday morning. She wanted to catch up with the rare celestial event that was going to unfold in the skies. Staring at the scorching Sun through a telescope at Kudia Ghat, a beaming Manu said, \"This is truly a lifetime experience.\" With the poise of wish fulfillment, this aspiring scientist said, \"Venus transit evoked a strange feeling in me. It left me guessing and I dreamt of it several times. But believe me, no book, documentary or narration could match the first-hand experience.\"A transit of Venus across the Sun takes place when the planet Venus passes directly between the Sun and the Earth, becoming visible against the solar disk. During a transit, Venus can be seen from earth as a small black disk moving across the face of the Sun. Despite the fact that the actual diameter of Venus is almost four times that of the Moon, Venus appears smaller because of the distance.Equally amazed were sister trio of Mantasha, Aisha and Zulekha, who dragged their father to the Kudia ghat to watch the cosmic spectacle. The experience made the eldest one decide that she would join the amateur club very soon. Initially reluctant to take his daughters for the event, their father Mohd Azam said, \"They were excited about this but believe me the incident made me philosophical. I felt the horizon created by the Almighty is so wide. My love for Allah increased more than ever before.\"The entire space at Kudia Ghat was full of people who wanted to witness the 'beauty spot' on the Sun's face. To help people watch the event, the UP Amateur Astronomers Club (UPAAC) had installed nine telescopes besides distributing scores of solar goggles. The crowd at the ghat was a mix of curious people, aspiring astronomers and students of astronomy. A government officer, GP Tripathi, was the first one to reach the place. Prof Pawan Agarwal of Lucknow University's Hindi department termed the experience as a \"vaaaaooo moment\". \"I noticed that many children responded with a 'vao' when they got a glimpse of the celestial wonder,\" he explained.His colleague from astronomy department, Alka Mishra found herself luckier than others. After all, she had seen the first part of the transit that took place in October 2004. The transit of Venus takes place in a pattern that comprises two circles around the Sun that are eight years away from each other. The total transit takes place in 243 years while individual transits are separated by long gaps of 121.5 years and 105.5 years.Comparing the two experiences, Alka said, \"Not many people knew about the Venus transit in 2004. And planetariums weren't really prepared for such mass public viewing. In fact, we saw the transit through a temporary arrangement using solar filter of sextant (a device used to measure the diameter and altitude of Sun) but now, places are equipped with powerful telescopes. And it's good to see the excitement.\"A little far was VP Singh, a retired professor, who has seen many celestial events during his stay in California. In the city for a vacation, he got last minute information about the transit. \"Today in the morning, I read that it will last till 10.22am and so I rushed to the venue and luckily made it before time. My children in California also witnessed the event and we were constantly in touch over the phone. It was fun,\" he said.In charge of Indira Gandhi Planetarium, Anil Yadav, who had been overseeing the arrangements at eight centers in the city, was extremely happy after getting good response from star gazers. \"I had a sleepless night but I don't regret a bit. Seeing a thick cloud cover early morning we feared disappointed. But the stars have been kind. It was amazing and truly once in a lifetime experience,\" Yadav told TOI.Priyangi Agarwal &amp; Swati Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "tamluk (east midnapore)", "code": "13882387", "title": "Doctor rape report, say \u2018Trinamool\u2019 goons", "text": "TAMLUK (EAST MIDNAPORE): A surgeon who performed the marathon autopsies in the Nandigram killings is living in terror after being allegedly threatened by Trinamool Congress leaders to alter the post-mortem report in a suspected rape and murder of a minor girl in Tamluk, East Midnapore.Dr Pradip Das says that Trinamool men ransacked his home and threatened to kill him on Tuesday because he resisted their attempts to force him to change his report. Das says that he made SOS calls to the police when the attack was on and later met district officials, but no one helped him. Scared and frustrated, he has decided to resign. The district administration, however, accuses him of insubordination and neglect of duty.The alleged murder victim is 11-year-old Puja Bhuiyan, who worked as a domestic help in the house of local schoolteacher Pranab Roy for four years. Roy brought her to Tamluk district hospital on May 23, and told doctors she had fallen unconscious after taking poison to commit suicide. Puja did not survive.Das, who has been doing autopsies for 17 years, examined the body and found some disturbing signs. \"I found signs of habitual sex and marks of partial throttling on her neck and face. Moreover, an examination of her stomach suggested that the poisoning was post-mortem, meaning that someone forced the poison down her throat after her death. Since the girl was a minor, there is no question of consensual sex. This indicates she was raped and murdered,\" said Das.Puja's father Ananta Bhuiyan lodged an FIR with the police on June 2 and Roy, who teaches at Ram Tarak High School, was arrested. Ananta alleges that the teacher tried to bribe him to withdraw the case. On June 4, the surgeon says that he asked a hospital employee, Saroj Biswas, to send the file of Puja's autopsy to his home. \"I had to prepare the final report. Since I don't have an office to work from, I make reports at home,\" said Das. Biswas reportedly did not send the file and Das got it from another employee on June 5.\"I immediately started getting calls from Trinamool leaders, including Chanchal Khanra, who 'inquired' about the report. Since it's a sensitive matter, I lied that I had not called for the file. Then, another Trinamool leader called to say I was lying. They tried to persuade me to change the report in favour of the teacher. I told them I wouldn't do it,\" Das told TOI.At 8.20pm, a mob of around 50 hoodlums, led by Trinamool leader Chanchal Khanra, barged into his house, the surgeon says. \"They ransacked the house. I was in the bathroom then and called the local police station but no help arrived,\" said Das, adding that he called up several officers of the district administration but no one took any action.The Trinamool denies the charge. \"None of my partymen intervened in the murder case. The doctor is irregular at work and he refused to conduct post-mortem of the bodies on Tuesday despite requests from different quarters. It was perhaps the relatives of the deceased who ransacked his house,\" said Chanchal Khanra.SP Ashok Prasad acknowledged receiving a complaint from Das but said that no one has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13878631", "title": "Magistrate to investigate custody death allegation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: City police on Wednesday suspended two assistant sub-inspectors of Saheed Nagar police station and announced a magisterial inquiry into the alleged custodial death of an accused person a day earlier.The accused, Kuldeep Mahapatra, had died on Tuesday hours after his arrest on charges of impersonating as a police officer in Saheed Nagar area. Mahapatra's family alleged that he died after a brutal beating in custody. His family sat in protest in front of the DCP's office to demand immediate suspension of IIC (Saheed Nagar police station) Alok Jena.DCP Nitinjeet Singh said he would look into the allegation. \"As per the statutory guideline, I have requested the sub-divisional judicial magistrate (SDJM) to depute a magistrate to inquire into the matter. The magisterial inquiry would start following an order from the SDJM,\" the DCP said. \"Besides, I have suspended Banamali Das and Giridhar Patnaik (both ASIs) for dereliction of duty. The duo should have immediately shifted Mahapatra to hospital. Instead, they detained him in the police station,\" he added.Also on Wednesday, the Odisha Human Rights Commission took suo moto cognizance of the alleged custodial death and asked the DCP to submit a report within seven days.Meanwhile, Mahapatra's sat in protest in front of the DCP's office and demanded the suspension the Saheed Nagar IIC. \"The inspector brutally tortured him in custody,\" the victim's father, Rabindranath Mahapatra, said. \"Jena nurtured a grudge against my son. He had arrested Kuldeep during his tenure in Lingaraj police station in 2010. Kuldeep managed to get bail, much to the inspector's chagrin. He was looking for an opportunity to settle scores with him,\" he alleged.Victim's widow Swagatika said: \"The inspector falsely implicated my husband in the impersonation case. He shattered my family. We want his suspension.\"Mahapatra was accused of extorting money from a businessman by identifying himself as a special branch inspector. When his ploy was exposed, locals allegedly manhandled him and handed him over to police. Soon after his arrest, a visibly panting Mahapatra had told media persons that he was innocent and falsely implicated in the case.On Tuesday, the Saheed Nagar inspector had denied any torture and said Mahapatra succumbed to injuries after being beaten by public. \"We were taking him to hospital, but he died midway,\" Jena said. Police registered cases against some unknown persons for beating him.To find out whether or not the charges of impersonation and extortion against Mahapatra were genuine, the case has been shifted out of the Saheed Nagar police station. \"For a fair probe, I have handed over the case to the ACP (headquarters). The Saheed Nagar police will not be involved in the inquiry,\" the DCP said.Police said Kuldeep was booked in several cases in Jajpur area in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13881185", "title": "Common engineering entrance exam: Madhya Pradesh seeks more time to decide", "text": "INDORE: Students aspiring for admission to the Indian Institute of Technologies (IIT) and teachers are confused by the state government's decision seeking more time to decide on the new format of common engineering entrance exam.The Human Resources Development (HRD) has proposed a common entrance exam for the centrally-funded technical institutes, including the IITs. Sources claim, that the state might accept the new format of exams from 2013 or latest by 2014.On Tuesday, a meeting of the state education ministers was held in New Delhi where majority of states supported a common entrance test. Maharashtra and Gujarat have accepted to join the new admission system, while Madhya Pradesh has sought some more time to decide on the matter. The meeting concluded that the test will be in two parts \u2014 main and advanced.Though students will be exempted from filling multiple entrance examination forms, engineering aspirants are apprehensive about the subjective pattern being introduced in the examination for getting admission in the centrally-funded technical institutes apart from IITs and NITs.Sumit Sharma, one of the aspirants from the city, said, \"Earlier students had the choice to appear in multiple examinations but now they will have to appear for a common test if they want to get into good institutions. Competition will be tougher as the exam would give weightage to board exam and the subjective section of the paper.\"Earlier, subjective pattern was not a part of the examination to get into engineering colleges, he added. Another student said, \"Now, the examination standard would be higher as 30% weightage will be given to subjective question paper.\" The new pattern will give more weightage to board exams and those aspiring to get into IITs will have to perform excellently in advanced section of the JEE.Atil Arora, centre director, FIIT JEE, Indore said, \"The main part will be an objective examination while advanced will be subjective and application based. About 40% weightage will be given to board results while 30% weightage for main and advanced part. To get into the IITs, weightage will solely be given to the performance in advanced section of the JEE.\"Now the coaching centres too have started to make changes in their teaching pattern as till now, they were offering separate classes to students appearing for the IIT-JEE and AIEEE.\"Private colleges are excluded from the new pattern. Those who are going to take admission in them will have to fill separate application form,\" said Sumit Upmanyu, director, Catalyser.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "13881965", "title": "Munde couple told to appear before court by July 3", "text": "AURANGABAD: A Parli Vaijanath court on Tuesday served notices to doctor couple A Sudam and Saraswati Munde, wanted by the Parli police in connection with the death of Vijaymala Pattekar during a medical termination of pregnancy operation on May 18.The couple has been asked to appear before the court by July 3.Meanwhile, both approached the sessions court on Wednesday seeking bail in connection with the offences registered against them.The court will hear the matter on June 12, said assistant government pleader Atul Tandale.\"The notice issued by chief judicial magistrate first class B P Khandelwal said the Mundes would be declared absconders if they failed to comply,\" Tandale added.The Parli police had registered an offence against the doctor couple under sections 304, 312, 314, 315 and 316 of the Indian Penal Code.The sections are non-bailable.The couple went missing after police added Section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of the IPC for causing the death of a patient in their hospital, Tandale added.On Tuesday, the prosecution informed the court about the doctors being untraceable, following which judge Khandelwal issued the notices. They were pasted outside their residence and the Parli tehsil office and the office of the Parli municipal council, Tandale said.The couple was booked for causing Pattekar (32), a sugarcane harvester's death during the operation, as she was suspected to be carrying a female foetus, on May 18.The Munde hospital, owned by the couple, did not have permission to conduct sonography tests or the licence to perform a medical termination of pregnancy.Beed's superintendent of police Dattatreya Mandlik has requested the director general of police (DGP) to transfer the trial of the cases against the couple outside Beed district, fearing political pressure on witnesses and officials involved in the investigation.Mandlik's letter had said, \"Sudam and Saraswati Munde enjoy considerable political support at the local level and on the basis of this support they have indulged in illegal activities.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13879047", "title": "PWD apathy leaves Goans in a quandary", "text": "MARGAO: Although May 15 was the deadline given by South Goa Collector N D Agarwal for all road-digging activity in the anticipation that all the subsequent road repair works in South Goa would be complete before the monsoon, South Goa residents are still suffering from bad conditions of roads.This had been brought to the notice of Agarwal several times by civic groups and political parties recently. Senior officials at the PWD have written to the Collector complaining not only of a lack of cooperation between other departments (the electricity department in particular) but pointed out that they should not be held responsible for the bad conditions of roads. Officials pointed out that government sanctioned them funds for state highways and major roads and they were forced to repair the city roads with rural road funds.They further said that both , the municipality and the electricity department had more than enough technical staff to take care of the road repair work. \"In Fatorda constituency, there are around 7-8 tenders amounting to 22 crore which is only for hot mixing which have been held up due to the ongoing road cutting work and would have gone to waste if tendered already\" said an official.Electricity department officials and contractors when contacted stated that they had the permission of the Collector and that the relevant deposits had been paid. PWD officials said that in Fatorda, only one deposit had been paid from which the main Borda road, road near mutt in Gogol and the road opposite KTC bus stand in Madel had been restored to their original state.\"We have held internal meetings last month and communication has been sent to all the government agencies involved to complete the road works as soon as possible,\" said Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13875164", "title": "Heavy rains lash Kerala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Finally, rain is in Kerala a day after the onset of south west monsoon. Heavy rains with thunderstorms are expected to occur at isolated places across the state till Friday morning.Meteorology department officials said the state is expected to have normal rains with thundershowers. \"Generally it would be a cloudy sky with few spells of rain or thundershowers and rainfall exceeding 7 cm will occur at isolated places for the next two days in Kerala and Lakshadweep,\" said officials of Kerala meteorological department. The monsoon will be in the state for the next four months with occasional drifting to the west coast due to the wind speed. With the onset of monsoon, squally weather conditions will prevail with wind speeds of about 60 km per hour along the Kerala coast and Lakshadweep area for the next 24 hours from 2 p.m. on Wednesday.\"Sea conditions will be rough and even very rough according to the wind speed. We have issued cautionary signal alert three at all ports of Kerala and at Minicoy port. The fishermen have been advised not to venture into the sea,\" said K Santhosh, director, Meteorology Department. Maximum rainfall is expected in Kannur, Kochi, Kottayam and Kozhikode with heavy rains in isolated places across the state. The maximum and minimum temperature in these places hovers between 32 degree Celsius and 23 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13878615", "title": "West Bengal posts rise in revenue collections", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee-government has posted a rise in its revenue collection in the first two months of the fiscal 2012-13.The increased revenue collection will help the chief minister lobby for a three-year moratorium and debt restructuring, since the committee headed by Union expenditure secretary Sumit Bose will take a keen look at the state's revenue generation records while considering Mamata's demands.Ever since the new government took over, the Union finance ministry has been pointing out the Bengal government's financial indiscipline and unwillingness to improve its revenue generation. Till her first proper budget this year, the chief minister has been vocal against imposing taxes on people. Instead, finance minister Amit Mitra has stressed on tax compliance.As a result, the state has not been able to meet its growth target of 30% last year. And the figure hovered around 16 and 17% throughout the last four quarters. But this time, the government seems to have made a good start, with its revenue collections rising in the first two months of the new fiscal. According to the figures for April, the collections of VAT and sales tax have increased substantially. But the newly-imposed goods entry tax is yet to have its impact on the revenue collection.Finance department officials revealed that the revenue figures have gone up by nearly 27%. Sales tax collection has jumped considerably from Rs 65 crore to Rs 109 crore in the month of April, which is considered a low revenue month as collections barely pick up in the first two quarters. Data for May is still being compiled, but officials revealed that the figures are 'extremely encouraging'.VAT collection has gone up and so has the professional tax collection, thanks to stress on e-governance and better tax compliance. But cess on coal is quite low. The increased revenue collection will help the state in pursuing its demand for debt relief with the Centre. North Block has set up a committee, headed by expenditure secretary Sumit Bose, to help the three most debt-stressed states of Bengal, Kerala and Punjab. The panel will seek commitments from these states on raising resources and reducing borrowing and non-developmental expenditure.The Left Front had rubbished Mitra's commitment to increase tax earnings to 25% while presenting the budget proposal in March. But it seems that the finance minister meant serious business and is monitoring the revenue collections right from the start of the new fiscal.But huge non-plan expenditure is likely to drain these earnings, as the government is creating new jobs every day and worse, there is backlog of increased dearness allowance, which the state must pay off sooner or later.But the earnings, as Mamata has been pointing out, will get drained in the mammoth non-plan expenditure. For this mess, the new government will have itself to blame since it is creating new jobs every other day. Worse, there is a back-log of increased dearness allowance which the government must pay off sooner or later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13875285", "title": "Snag forces Indigo's Hyderabad-Delhi flight to land in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A Hyderabad-Delhi Indigo flight with 120 passengers on board made a precautionary landing at the Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport on Wednesday morning following a technical snag. Sources at airport confirmed that an engine of the Indigo's Airbus A-320 developed a technical snag, forcing the commander to make a precautionary landing at city airport at 7.17am.A senior MIL official informed that the flight took off at 6.10am from Hyderabad. The commander received an engine vibration indication a few nautical miles away from Nagpur airport. \"Some 50 minutes after take off, the commander noticed indication about technical problem in engine. He contacted Nagpur ATC to seek permission to land. The commander asked for precautionary landing and as per standard operating procedure, MIL and airport authorities prepared the airfield for safe landing\", the official added.Emergency vehicles, including fire fighting personnel and security staff, had lined up along the runway for as a precautionary measure. The plane safely made it to the airport and executed a normal landing. A local Indigo official confirmed that commander of flight 6E308 had received some indication about technical snag in an engine. He said, the commander decided to land the plane at Nagpur airport for inspection.The official further said, \"it was a precautionary technical diversion. All 120 people on board including crew were safe. The passengers were deplaned safely and were taken to Delhi by another flight at 1pm. The aircraft was also taken to Delhi after the engineers here cleared the technical problem at about 3.30pm.Sources at airport further said after the installation of new Indra ATC system at city airport, an aircraft remains in continuous contact with the ATC while transiting from Nagpur airspace. It was proved that Nagpur airport is safe for landing of all types of aircraft including Boeing-737, Airbus-320 and even Boeing-747s in case of emergencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13882517", "title": "Chewing gum may fail pilots in breathalyzer test", "text": "Captain Vijay Kumar* is a teetotaller . But he often chews gum. This innocuous habit has landed him in trouble a couple of times during pre-flight breathalyzer tests for pilots at airports. Alco-Sensor IV, equipment that has replaced old breathalyzer used to test alcohol content, is so sensitive that it picks up wrong cues and flashes positive results even when pilots are not drunk.And a series of misreadings by the equipment at airports across the country has made pilots paranoid. Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has recently made pre-flight tests using Alco-Sensor IV compulsory. Pilots will be grounded for three months if they test positive for the first time. The second time, they will lose licence for five years. DGCA rules do not allow taking blood samples or a third breathalyzer test on a pilot who had tested positive twice.Strict punishments and hypersensitive equipment have made life difficult for pilots. \"We now don't use chewing gum, cough syrup, mouth freshener toffees or sprays an hour before reporting for work. The equipment often detects these as alcohol and shows a positive result. This will create trouble for the airline and the pilots,\" said an Air India pilot. As per rules a pilot should not operate a flight less than 12 hours after consuming alcohol.\"In Kolkata airport, a large number of pilots tested positive recently. Repeated checks revealed that the machine was picking up paint vapours after a wall was repainted,\" said a pilot based in Mumbai.Pilots are unhappy about this provision. \"The manufacturer has given a disclaimer saying the readings should be used as an indicative measure. Hence, Alco-Sensor IV should not be used as a primary means to detect whether a pilot is drunk. It is too sensitive to interferences. If somebody tests positive, his blood should also be tested to confirm whether the machine reading is correct. In other countries, the pre-flight breathalyzer test is done randomly , and not on everyone every time,\" said a senior pilot from Chennai.The machine should be used in a room which is free from noise and radio wave interferences. \"The sensor is used inside the flight operations room where a lot of radio communication and VHF equipment are placed. This could also give false re sults,\" said an airport official.A commander of a private airline tested positive in February. An Air India commander and a test pilot tested positive a few months ago. \"The reading was so high that if it was true I would have been too sozzled to walk,\" said the pilot who tested positive. The number of pilots who tested positive increased soon after airlines started using the new equipment. Now, pilots do not take chances. ayyappan.v@timesgroup.com *name changed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13880537", "title": "Woman held for thefts on trains", "text": "BHOPAL: The Government Railway Police (GRP) arrested a middle-aged woman allegedly for her alleged involvement in thefts on trains. The officials on Wednesday said three accomplices of the woman were still on the run.The accused, Sheela, 55, a resident of Karond in old city, is a native of Vidisha district. As many as 12 bags, 6 suitcases, ladies purses, around a dozen of ladies watches, 15 pairs of bangles, 7 chains, 4 pendants, 22 ear rings, 10 rings have been recovered from her. The recovered goods included gold jewellery, officials added.Besides, 13 mobile phones, 12 chargers and clothes have also been recovered from the accused.The officials said the accused operated between Bhopal and Itarsi. She would get into the sleeper coach and sit close to any woman passenger. Once the passenger would go to sleep, she would make off with stolen luggage, the police said. The three accomplices, all women, are at large, the GRP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13877686", "title": "Ponda civic body slams PWD over incomplete work", "text": "PONDA: With heavy rains lashing the state, Ponda municipal council (PMC) authorities are working hard to complete pre-monsoon work in the town.PMC chairperson Rukmi Dangui revealed that the civic body has almost completed the job, adding that negligence on the part of the public works department (PWD) has resulted in delays in completing the entire work before the monsoon.\"We have cleared the gutters in all 13 wards of the PMC to drain out the rain water despite facing acute shortage of daily wage labourers. However, in certain places, there is mud along the roadside as after laying the electricity cables, the PWD did not clear the same,'' Dangui said.Dangui said that one side of the road from Vithoba temple at Durgabhat to ID hospital, Tiska-Ponda was dug by the electricity department for laying their cables. She also informed that the department has already deposited the necessary amount to the PWD, but the PWD has not taken any action to remove the mud.\"We have brought the matter to the notice of PWD minister Ramkrishna Dhavalikar and the Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar. The minister had assured that the mud would be cleared by May 15. However, there is no sign of any work,\" Dangui told TOI on Tuesday.A source has revealed that pre-monsoon work started on April 1 and that the civic body is facing acute shortage of daily wage labourers adding \"Despite it, we had sanctioned 30 labourers to clean the drains and had allotted three days to each of the 13 wards.\"\"We have advertised for more labourers, through the local newspapers. However, there was no response,\" the source said adding that the de-silting work of the main nullah in Ponda town was being carried out by the irrigation department and the work is expected to be completed in the next few days.When contacted, local MLA Lavoo Mamledar said his government is serious about development work. He said that the concerned minister has approved the file regarding the work and the work order has been issued to a contractor on Tuesday after the tendering process. The contractor will start the work of removing the mud within two days, the Ponda legislator said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877210", "title": "Didn\u2019t handle Adarsh files: Former collector", "text": "MUMBAI: Former Mumbai collector (suburban) C S Sangitrao, whose probe was sought by petitioner Pravin Wategaonkar, said he never dealt with Adarsh files.Sangitrao was the Mumbai suburban collector in 2001 and secretary to the CM in 2007. \"I have never processed or taken any decision on files relating to Adarsh society in my entire service period from 1974 to October 2010, when I retired,\" Sangitrao said. He submitted this information to all agencies and also the two-member judicial commission investigating the housing scam. tnnEx-babus' bail hearing todayBail applications of former bureaucrats Jairaj Phatak and Ramanand Tiwari accused in the Adarsh scam will be heard by a special CBI court on Thursday.The two accused, who have been in custody since their arrest on April 3, had filed the applications on Monday on the grounds that the investigating agency had failed to file the chargesheet within the stipulated period of 60 days. Last week, the court granted bail to seven of the other accused on the same grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13877443", "title": "Seize retired armyman\u2019s handgun: Delhi high court", "text": "New Delhi: The Delhi high court on Wednesday directed the city police to seize the personal revolver of a retired military officer after his wife alleged that he threatened her with the weapon.Justice Vipin Sanghi also directed the station house officer of C R Park in south Delhi to provide protection to the woman as and when she sought police assistance.In her petition the wife informed HC that she married the army officer in 1990 and the couple has two children. However later differences developed between the couple and the husband started harassing her. She said he often threatened to kill her with his .32 bore revolver.She also told the court that because of this threat she had left her house in C R Park, which was co-owned by her and her husband, and now she stays at a relative's house in Kalkaji in south Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13881788", "title": "PCMC chief to review redressal of complaints", "text": "PUNE: All complaints registered by citizens and corporators, about works related to the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will be looked into by senior civic officials.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi, who took charge last month, will himself be holding meetings every week to take a review of the complaints.A senior civic official said Pardeshi issued instructions to all officials present for the Lokshahi Din (citizens complaints redressal day) that all complaints should be looked into by them and that this will be reviewed at a meeting every week. The civic chief has asked officials to take action based on newspaper reports as well.The civic administration receives complaints from elected representatives and citizens. The commissioner himself issues instructions to officials during his inspection visits. Now, all these complaints will be reviewed, a senior official said.The public relations department of the corporation has been asked to send all reports and photographs published in newspapers to respective civic departments by email every day, the official added. On the Lokshahi Din held on Monday, the corporation received 30 memorandums from citizens. tnn Pardeshi issued instructions to civic officials to immediately act upon the complaints.The Lokshahi Din is held on the first Monday of every month in the PCMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13881599", "title": "Smartphone catches fascination of Gen Next in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Indoreans are smitten by smartphone bug. The high-tech smartphone with a number of applications that connects with many and keeps the buyer entertained and updated has caught a fancy of the young brigade.Ranging between Rs 7,000 to Rs 40,000, these phones have over 3 lakh applications. The multi-functional gadget makes the life of its user easy by providing many applications relating to business, entertainment, education, social networking, travel, news, media, health and fitness and many such fields.Ritu Sharma, a sales executive at a city-based mobile store says, \"The craze for smartphone is going up everyday with kind of advance coming up in the market. Multiple gadget functions in one phone and enabling user finish work in less time are the major reason for people buying smartphone.\"\"The applications offered by these smartphones are generally helpful for education purposes and a major source of entertainment. We get 10-15 people every day enquiring about smartphones and wish to upgrade them to the new available technology,\" she said. Diksha Parolkar, a sales person in a Smartphone store says, \"Earlier, only 30% people used smartphones, but now it has gone up to 70% of the cellphone users using smart phones. The rise is basically because of applications provided by the smartphones are tech-savvy and help people accomplish office work while travelling or students with their daily assignments and has also turned up as a major source of entertainment with games and music related applications.\"Dayesh Jaiswal, a student and smartphone user says, \"I have an android smartphone which is of great use for my daily work and helps me organize and keep me updated. The applications that I usually use are for gaming or news-related applications. I download an application every alternate day and really love using a smartphone.\"\"I have a latest smartphone which I bought for Rs 30,000. I went in for buying a smartphone for wider screen experience for movie watching and has all the features on a single piece. I download applications quite often relating to music and gaming which keep me entertained while working,\" said Shugosh Bhamore, an employee with a private firm.Prasan Badjatya, a civil engineering student says, \"I recently bought a smartphone and it is of great help to me in studies and scientific purposes. It has measurement and compass applications which help me with my engineering work and also has many other applications which make my work easier.\"Arihant Jain, a smartphone user says, \"I am using a smartphone from quite some time now and regularly download applications on it. With applications like panorama you can take a 360 degree image and also apps like near field communication which enables two phone users connect and have a multiplayer gaming experience. The applications are attracting people towards Smartphone and this is the best way to socially connect with a large number of people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13887437", "title": "Priyanka offers olive branch to Kareena", "text": "To put an end to the cold war that began after their first film together, the actress visited Madhur Bhandarkar and his leading lady on the sets of HeroineClose on the heels of her much publicised patch up with Karan Johar at Farhan Akhtar's house party, comes news of Priyanka trying to mend fences with Kareena Kapoor , whom she has never seen eye to eye with.It is learnt that on Wednesday afternoon, Priyanka visited the sets of Madhur Bhandarkar's Heroine to meet the director and his leading lady Kareena. A source from the sets told Mirror, \"Priyanka was there at Filmistan Studios to promote her film as part of an upcoming dance reality show on television when she realised Madhur was shooting for Heroine next door. She immediately visited the sets to meet Madhur and Kareena.\"Reportedly, Priyanka had been in the running for the lead after Aishwarya Rai quit Heroine due to her pregnancy. The source said, \"Madhur was extremely thrilled to see his Fashion actress on the sets and even Kareena welcomed her with open arms. PeeCee spent around 25 minutes on the sets and was seen having an animated conversation with both Madhur and Kareena, putting to rest rumours of differences between them.\" Everyone on the sets was happy as most of them had also worked on Fashion. \"It was nice to see PeeCee making efforts to end her ongoing rivalries in the industry,\" the source added.When contacted, Madhur Bhandarkar said, \"It was very gracious of Priyanka to come and see us at the shoot. She was shooting nearby and came over. She was happy to meet many of the crew members as she had worked with them in Fashion and stayed on for quite some time.\"The rivalry between PeeCee and Kareena is no secret. The two had lots of issues while working together in Aitraaz , after which they never shared screen space. The actresses have openly taken digs at each other many times. It is rumoured whenever Saif Ali Khan wanted to work with PeeCee, it never materialised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13892860", "title": "India pitches for larger role in Shanghai Cooperation Organisation", "text": "BEIJING: Making a strong pitch for its full membership in the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, India on Thursday said it sees a larger role for the security grouping in Afghanistan and evinced keen interest in participating in its counter-terrorism structure to combat challenges of extremism.Addressing the extended session of the 12th summit of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) which concluded here, external affairs minister S M Krishna said India \"admired\" the grouping which comprised of China, Russia and Central Asian sates of Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan.India, Pakistan, Mongolia and Iran have the status of observer states. Afghanistan has been admitted as new observer during this summit. Belarus and Sri Lanka are the dialogue partners.\"India, on its part, has been participating constructively at all SCO meetings open to the observers. By doing so, we have shown our strong willingness to be meaningfully associated with this grouping,\" Krishna said.\"We believe the SCO can potentially play a much larger role in the future both for the security and prosperity of our region,\" he said.While Russia has been making strong pitch for the membership India and Pakistan in SCO, which plays a dominant role in the grouping said they should comply with formalities and procedures.Significantly, Krishna said India sees a greater role for SCO in Afghanistan in the backdrop of the withdrawal of US-led NATO troops from the war-torn country.\"The most important security challenge we face today relates to Afghanistan, which lies in the heart of Asia and is a bridge, connecting not just Central and South Asia but also Eurasia and the Middle East.\"The SCO provides a promising alternative regional platform to discuss the rapidly changing Afghan situation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13875914", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation's budget: A mixed bag, say members of ruling and opposition", "text": "NAGPUR: The budget for 2012-2013 presented by NMC standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari on Wednesday evoked mixed reactions. Women corporators welcomed the recommendations made for the fairer sex, while their male counterparts from the opposition were not enthused.Leader of the opposition and Congress corporator Vikas Thakre said, \"Tiwari made some good proposals in his budget. But the NVA-ruled NMC should ensure proper implementation of all the proposals.\"He also welcomed the move to curb corruption in various departments, but felt that it will not be an easy task.Thakre claimed that it was the Congress which had earlier approached the state government to scrap cess on petrol and diesel. Raising doubts as to whether the ruling coalition will achieve the target in the current financial year as it was presented very late, he said \"I don't see any such proposal which will increase the civic body's revenue.\"NCP corporator Prakash Gajbhiye termed the budget unrealistic and slammed Tiwari for blaming the Central government. \"The Centre sanctioned developmental works worth Rs 2,000 crore for the city and new taxes which it proposed was to ensure that reforms are put in place,\" explained Gajbhiye. Instead the BJP ruled NMC should have been grateful to the government for sanctioning big projects for the city, he added.On the budget, which gave importance to development of places related to the history of Nagpur and the country, Gajbhiye said, \"Overall, it is a misleading budget,\" he said.Welcoming the budget, former standing committee chairman and Congress corporator Abha Pande said that there are many good proposals. \"If implemented properly, will it improve the face of the city,\" she asked.In his budget, Tiwari allotted Rs 15 lakh to every corporator while women corporators will get an additional Rs 1 lakh. \"We welcome this move,\" Pande said, adding \"It will give an extra impetus to the developmental works in all the wards.\"According to senior corporator from Central Nagpur Deepak Patel, the budget 2012-13 has provided a clear vision as far as development of the city is concerned.He said that corporators got enough funds for wards' development. \"Apart from Rs 15 lakh, they will also get Rs 15 lakh for road-related works, which is a good proposal,\" said Patel.He pointed out that the amount is sufficient for old areas including Dharampeth, Gandhisagar and Mahal. \"The amount is insufficient for peripheral wards like Nari, Airport etc. The ruling party should give special attention to such wards,\" he reasoned.Endorsing Pande's views, Congress corporator from Gandhisagar Harshala Sable lauded Tiwari for introducing many projects for the upliftment of women.She, however, condemned Tiwari for misleading the House as he had informed members that the rejuvenation work of Gandhisagar lake has started. \"In reality, the civic body has not yet started any work,\" she said.Meanwhile, mayor Anil Sole appreciated the budget presented by Tiwari. He said it is one of the better budgets presented in the corporation so far. \"The budget has covered all aspects related to the city's development\" said Sole.Laptop and iPad for corporators?Among his many proposals, standing committee chairman Dyashankar Tiwari included one through which all corporators will get laptops and iPads. To meet the expenses, the civic body will recover the cost from the remuneration of corporators (Rs 1,000 per month). Tiwari also submitted proposals to create new markets in 25 places across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13875480", "title": "Oommen Chandy to inaugurate Malaparamba bypass", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the Malaparamba-Pooladikkunnu stretch of the National Highway 66, at Malaparamba here on Thursday. Minister for public works Ibrahim Kunju will preside over the function.M K Muneer, the minister for social welfare and panchayat, M K Raghavan MP, MLAs A Pradeepkumar, A K Saseendran and district panchayat president K Jameela will be present on the occasion.The 6.86-km stretch was constructed using the Rs 32.62-cr fund allotted by the Surface Transport Department of the Central government. The work was completed by the Uralungal Labour Contractors Cooperative Society. The road with 24 culverts and three under-crossings was completed in three years. Traffic signals have been installed at two important junctions -- Malaparamba and Vengeri.However, motorists would be able to make the maximum use of the bypass only after the completion of the 5.1-km stretch from Pooladikkunnu to Vengalam: Rs 80 crore would be required for this. The work will include construction of bridges at Purakkattiri and Korappuzha. The approval of Central ministry for surface transport is required to start this work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13883409", "title": "Poster war: Case against both sides", "text": "LUDHIANA: Following a clash ahead of the scheduled municipal corporation elections, police registered cases against both the sides involved in the incident.Supporters of an independent candidate of ward no. 32, Anita Kharbanda, and those of the SAD-BJP alliance candidate, Anuradha Nagar, had clashed recently. While Anita's husband Krishan had reportedly received major injuries, Anuradha's husband Satish Nagar, who is the councillor of Chawni Mohalla, had also been wounded.While Krishan was admitted to DMC, Satish is undergoing treatment at civil hospital. Apart from these two, six others were injured in the clash.ACP, north, Swapan Sharma said they had recorded statements of both the parties and registered a cross FIR.While Anuradha accused Anita's husband Krishan for triggering the clash, Anita claimed that councillor Satish was responsible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13879599", "title": "Maoists spreading tentacles in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: The CPI (Maoists) have not just built base in the state but are also expanding it right under the nose of security forces. After forming the Upper Assam Leading Committee, the Red rebels have successfully set up the Lower Assam Leading Committee.\"The Lower Assam Leading Committee in central lower Assam area is at the initial stage now with a handful of cadres. They are yet to find a leader for this area,\" a senior police officer said. It is the different communities of Ahoms, Morans in upper Assam or the Khamtis in neighbouring Arunachal Pradesh, which the Reds are using as cadre feeder communities. The Maoists are also exploring the Rabhas, Koch-Rajbongshis and even Bodos in lower Assam areas for finding recruits.\"The CPI (Maoists) pick up groups in society, which have been agitating against the government for autonomy to protect their unique identities. They have managed to recruit a few youths from these communities and the motivation is on,\" the official said.The Rabhas, who are concentrated in Goalpara district, are demanding functioning of the Rabha-Hasong Autonomous Council and an armed group called Rabha Vipers is known to be acting as Ulfa's associate. Similarly, the Koch-Rajbongshis are agitating for a separate state, carved out of six districts of Assam and West Bengal, also has the Kamatapur Liberation Organization (KLO) waging the armed battle for the separate state. Ulfa is known to have helped raise the KLO. The Bodos, on the other hand, have been through several movements, mostly armed, for different issues ranging from sovereignty to separate state and ethnic cleansing. The Bodos, after decades of unrest continue, to be a disturbed group.\"So far, the Maoists have youths from the state and a few Khamti boys from Arunachal Pradesh. However, unlike Jharkhand, there is just a sprinkling of Adivasi youths. There are a couple of youths from Goalpara and Kamrup district, but the majority is from Dibrugarh, Tinsukia and Golaghat districts and many from Dhemaji and Lakhimpur districts,\" the official said.A top CPI (Maoist) leader from West Bengal, Indranil Chandab alias Ajay, who is currently in custody of National Investigation Agency (NIA), was arrested while he was returning from a tour of lower Assam areas. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13875687", "title": "Wildlife board members wary of clearing new projects", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the State Board for Wild Life (SBWL) has been called on June 7, ostensibly to clear several projects that fall within the 10km radius of protected areas (PAs), several members are wary over the way these projects have been put up in the meeting to clear them.The SBWL meeting, which is being held after a gap of 11 months, will take up proposal of laying electricity line cable and water pipeline through Sanjay Gandhi National Park (SGNP), Borivali, steel and power projects around Phansad wildlife sanctuary; renovation of electric power station in Tungareshwar sanctuary; water pipeline for a private company through Gautala-Autramghat sanctuary; Baglinga minor irrigation project around Melghat Tiger Reserve and road widening through Karnala sanctuary.The meeting will also discuss proposals of Umred-Kharangla wildlife sanctuary and Kolamarka conservation reserve for wild buffaloes in Gadchiroli district.The meeting, to be chaired by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, will also be informed about four new sanctuaries viz. New Bor, New Navegaon, New Nagzira and GIB that were notified recently. It will also discuss providing compensation to snake bite victims and more vehicles to field staff for wildlife and forest protection.However, a section of members have expressed displeasure over the manner in which so many development projects around PAs are being put up in the meeting.The members have not been supplied copies of the environment impact assessment (EIA) and biodiversity impact reports and are wondering as to how they will give their opinion without ascertaining the damage the projects will cause.\"Unless I read the EIA and other related reports about the projects, I will be unable to give my opinion,\" said Kishor Rithe, one of the members.Rithe added unless irrigation, power company, highways authority and other agencies pushing for projects implement mitigation measures for existing ones, it will be very difficult to consider the new projects.Another member Vishwas Katdhare from Chiplun, popularly called Bhau, was also opposed to the idea of discussing so many projects without the members knowing their details.\"We have been asking for EIAs of proposed projects to be placed before the board in advance but it never happens. If the government appoints us as expert members, our opinion should be considered. It's high time a system was evolved,\" Katdhare said.Several members said these projects are being put up before the SBWL due to Wildlife Protection Act 1972 and Environment Protection Act (EPA) 1986. As the government has failed to notify eco-sensitive zones as prescribed in the EPA, these projects are put before the SBWL. Hence, utmost care should be taken before clearing them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877381", "title": "Estranged wife spoils hubby\u2019s case", "text": "MUMBAI: Calling his estranged wife as a witness led to the outwitting of Dharmendra Rai, who claims to be Mumbai's first mind map trainer and India's only double ThinkBuzan licensed trainer. Based on her testimony, he was convicted for cheque-bouncing and directed to pay his landlord compensation.Dharmendra and his wife Jyoti had a 24-month leave and licence agreement with Kamal Shamsi to stay at his Bandra (W) flat from May 1, 2009. Post-dated cheques were issued and it was agreed that Dharmendra would pay Rs 35,000 and Jyoti Rs 20,000 towards the monthly rent.On July 30, 2010, Dharmendra wrote to Shamsi that he has vacated the flat and asked him not to deposit cheques from September 2010 onwards. But Shamsi found that Jyoti, their son and Dharmendra's belongings continued to occupy the flat. He replied to Dharmendra, saying his claim is false. He deposited the September cheque, which bounced as payment was stopped.Shamsi moved court in November 2010 under Section 138 (cheque bounce) of Negotiable Instruments Act. Dharmendra's defence was that Shamsi had deducted the amount from the Rs 2 lakh deposit and given the balance to Jyoti.However, Jyoti deposed that this was not true. She said Dharmendra was visiting the flat in her absence almost every day and his belongings were there till November 2010. She said Dharmendra could not terminate the agreement alone. She also said that as he had filed a divorce petition against her, he had deliberately allowed the cheque to bounce.In his April 17, 2012 order(dictated last week), S S Deshpande, metropolitan magistrate, 12th Bandra court, called it a \"unique'' case, where during the pendency of matrimonial dispute, the man chose to have the wife as a defence witness. \"She has destroyed his case by giving fatal admission against the interest of the accused,'' said Deshpande. He said that as Dharmendra chose not to clarify, Jyoti's testimony remained totally unchallenged.Shamsi's advocate Prathamesh Gokhale urged maximum punishment, saying Rai tried to dupe him. Dharmendra's advocate V K Babbar prayed for leniency for his first offence. Noting that he is not inclined to impose any substantive sentence for a \"meagre amount\", Deshpande said Shamsi \"has established his lawful right to receive the amount\". He sentenced Rai till the rising of the court and asked him to pay compensation of Rs 45,000 to Shamsi or undergo two years' simple imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13882790", "title": "Chandigarh youngsters slogging to top schools abroad", "text": "CHANDIGARH: All of 18 years, she is all set to join the Wharton Business School at Pennsylvania, United States for a dual-degree programme in 2012. Saanya Ohja, a student of Vivek High School, who recently scored 95.2% in the Class XII CBSE exams (commerce stream), is all set to pursue Huntsman programme in international relations and business on a 100% scholarship and has been selected from among 31,000 applicants for a batch of 45 students at Wharton.It's not just her. A host of city youngsters in her age group are set to join top universities overseas for higher education after completing their Class XII.But it wasn't sheer luck or even brilliance that got them a seat. \"It has been a year of consistent hard work. The process of applying is so tedious, with scores of essays to be written and testimonials to be attached that it requires a lot of patience and dedication. Strong extracurricular background gave me an edge,\" explains Sanya, who had been keeping a tab on courses in all Ivy League universities since a year. Divir Gupta, who had studied at St. John's High School, Sector 26 and did his Class XI and XII from United World College, Pune is now back home in the city before he leaves for Northwestern University , Chicago , US. \"I will be pursuing a course in engineering, although I am yet to choose between civil and mechanical engineering,\" says Divir, who has been awarded a 50% scholarship.\"There was a lot of mental pressure. Essays had to be written which was a tiresome process but in the journey I got to know much about my own potential. It all paid off in the end and I got through my dream university,\" said Apurv Gupta. He is gearing up to join the University of Edinburgh, UK for a course in international relations and international law. Apurv leaves the city on September 8 and is learning Chinese these days to build his profile further.Shiven Bali, who recently scored 95.2% marks in the commerce stream in the Class XII exams has a choice between City University ( London ) and Durham University and is yet to make up his mind. Eshan Chaufla, who passed out of St. John's High School, has grabbed a seat in Rhode Island School Of Design, US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13899721", "title": "Station visitor stabs policeman", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bizarre incident here, a police constable was stabbed by a man after he tried to send the man away from the railway station.The constable, Hare Ram was on duty at Government Railway Police (GRP) out-post in Lucknow Junction station, when he saw a man sitting idle outside the police out-post. As it was the morning hour rush at the station, GRP men were patrolling the station.Finding the man's behaviour mysterious, the constable enquired about the purpose of his visit. The man did not respond despite Hare Ram questioning him several times.Hare Ram then approached the man with the intention of conducting a search on him. But before he could do that, the man attacked Hare Ram with a knife. The constable received stab wounds on his arm and had to be admitted to a hospital immediately. The attacker, identified as Jagnayak Tripathi, a resident of Bahraich, was sent to jail. According to GRP, there is nothing wrong with the mental state of the man. The police, however, is yet to ascertain the motive of the assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13879196", "title": "Foodgrains didn't reach the poor", "text": "New Delhi: Highlighting irregularities and delays in the issuing of BPL and ration cards, the CAG report has slammmed the food and supplies department for its functioning. The department's failure to identify beneficiaries for its schemes, and under utilisation of foodgrains, kerosene oil and funds also find a mention in the report.\"It cannot be safely concluded that the food management system in Delhi was functioning in a transparent and credible manner and the scope for unauthorized diversion of food grains either from Food Corporation of India or Delhi State Civil Supplies Corporation (DSCSC) cannot be ruled out,\" said the report.The report has also highlighted that the government only identified 1.01 lakh families for its Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) while the targeted number was 1.57 lakh. This in turn deprived 0.56 lakh families of the scheme's benefits.Under its Annapurna scheme, meant for indigent senior citizens, the department could identify only 128 beneficiaries against a target of 8,040 during 2006-11. The process of issuing ration cards was delayed up to 332 days against the prescribed period of one month.Not only this, the auditor also found that of the 1,36,436 BLP cards prepared by the department, it only had scanned data of 54,378 cards. Also, a noticeable difference was found in the number of APL, BPL and AAY cards issued.The report further slammed the department for failing to utilize foodgrains and oil allocated by the Centre. Inadequate quantities were taken from Food Corporation of India ( FCI) outlets and distributed to the beneficiaries.\"The issue was not cited as area of concern either by the computer branch or the distribution branch of the department, though it forms the only basis for the allocation of specified food stuff and kerosene oils. The existence of invalid cards and misappropriation of foodgrains/kerosene oil under the PDS can not be ruled out,\" says the report.The department also failed to form a vigilance committee as recommended by the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13879415", "title": "Defence ministry slams BEML chief for notice to Gen VK Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ever since it was established a few months after India's humiliation by China in the 1962 war, BEML Limited has had a quiet existence. Making rail coaches, mining equipment and supplying sundry defence items, the Bangalore-based defence public sector unit (DPSU) has had an almost uneventful run, with modest dreams of having a billion dollar turnover by 2013-14 to coincide with its Golden Jubilee.Those peaceful days are over for BEML, at least for now, with the Central Bureau of Investigation taking a close and sharp look at the way the company has been operating, especially in the defence sector. The present plight of BEML and its leadership was best exhibited today when the Ministry of Defence made an unusual move to publically rebuff its CMD VRS Natarajan on his move to issue a defamation notice to former Army chief General V K Singh.\"MoD has categorically denied giving permission to the CMD, BEML Shri VRS Natarajan to serve a legal notice for filing a defamation suit against General (Retd) VK Singh. The Ministry has asked Shri Natarajan to explain as to why he had made such a statement to the media,\" the MoD said in an official statement.That may not be the only trouble for Natarajan and rest of BEML leadership, who run the 'Miniratna' DPSU, of which 54% is held by the government and the rest 46% is with the public, employees etc.Sources say that credible evidence is emerging in CBI investigations raising questions about the motives of various decisions of BEML leadership over the years. BEML CMD Natarajan was not available to comment despite repeated attempts. In an earlier response TOI on May 15, BEML had vigorously defended its professional standards, while rubbishing allegations of exorbitant prices, lack of indigenization etc.The CBI is investigating two cases concerning BEML. First, the allegation by former Army chief Gen V K Singh that he was offered Rs 14 crore to clear the purchase of Tatra trucks. Second, on a complaint against BEML and Natarajan that was referred to them by defence minister A K Antony in February.Sources are indicating that the CBI inquiry is beyond just the purchase of Tatra trucks by BEML and its supply to the Army. CBI is also examining the supply of Armoured Recovery Vehicles (model WZT-3), Heavy Recovery Vehicle AV-15 and other equipment to the Army.The monopoly enjoyed by DPSUs has been thoroughly exploited by dubious agents, foreign companies and other beneficiaries. BEML too, falls in the category, though the company has defended its management practices. In BEML and other DPSUs, who regularly get contracts on a 'nomination' basis from the MOD, these are further contracted out to foreign companies, often without even a competitive tender. Those in the know say that this business of DPSUs' outsourcing could be a massive scandal in itself. Many DPSUs only do marginal value addition to what is supplied by foreign vendors, and in some cases no addition at all, and put their stamp and re-supply it to the military.Sources indicate that CBI may have already gathered evidence of BEML not exploiting technology transfers that were part of contracts to indigenise equipment, facilitating almost monopolistic position to foreign companies such as Tatra and ARV maker Bumar of Poland, and exorbitant pricing.But what may spell real trouble for Natarajan and rest of the BEML leadership would be if the CBI finds any evidence of financial kickbacks or other illegal gratifications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13877102", "title": "Missing 12-year-old traced to relative's house", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Avi Mehta, the 12-year-old boy, who went missing from Sabarmati area has been traced down to Rajkot. Sabarmati police said that the boy is now at his maternal uncle's house.On Wednesday, a team of city police rushed to Rajkot to get the child back home. \"Since the last 10 days we have been hunting for the boy. We were under tremendous pressure to locate him. It is possible that his family members had not told everything concerning the dynamics within the family that led to the boy leaving home,\" said Sabarmati police officials.Earlier, the police had interrogated a priest, identified as Hari Priyadharshan, in connection with the case. The priest was allowed to go on Wednesday after residents from Sankheli village intervened claiming his innocence. Gandhinagar police had nabbed the priest on basis of a tip-off by some traders. tnn and was handed over to the Sabarmati police. As cops began interrogating him, the villagers, including the sarpanch, rushed to the police station. They told police that Priyadharshan has been living in their village near Dehgam for nearly 22 years and looks after the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13879744", "title": "Now consult your doctor without wait or travel", "text": "COIMBATORE: Dr G S Prabhudoss, a surgical gastroenterologist at the Chennai Apollo Hospitals has started consulting and giving appointments to patients using an internet portal. \"This saves patients a lot of time, and it helps me organize my schedule better,\" he says.He is one of the 50 doctors who consults and fixes appointments online using 'icliniq', an online portal designed by Duruvak Kumar V S, an engineering graduate at Saibaba Colony.\"Though there have been several sites for telemedicine, most of them are based on email communication where there are several constraints. Ours is the first in India where a person can meet a doctor over the net like a regular consultation room. All this comes at an affordable cost,\" he says.Duruvak says that the portal eases the pressure on hospitals and doctors. \"I started the portal four months ago. Ten hospitals and more than 50 doctors have registered in the portal. Around thousand patients are using it as of now. A patient can register and view the doctor's profile. The doctor's consultation charges are mentioned clearly.Thus one can easily choose a doctor who is affordable. Patients can use the portal to avail virtual consultation or book appointments,\" he says.Dr Gokul Kriba Shankar, a general surgeon at the VGM Hospital, Coimbatore, says, \"Two or three decades ago, if a patient went to a doctor with severe stomach pain the doctor would have to do some physical check ups. The response to prescribed medication was studied before making patients undergo tests. Now, with the introduction of many sophisticated tests this is not the case. We can say that around 70 percent of the diagnosis is done through tests and only 30 percent is done clinically,\" he says.Patients who have used it say they prefer it for many reasons. Arun Senthilkumar, (name changed on request), a resident of Singanallur who runs a software firm says that this gives him the advantage of privacy.\"There have been times, when I had to consult a psychiatrist. This gives an opportunity to consult a doctor sitting in my room. The treatment was as good as meeting in person,\" he says.Aditya B D, who works with a software company, says that he used the portal to consult a dermatologist. \"The privacy it affords is the best selling point for me. An appropriate web camera helped my doctor get a clear picture. Moreover, the virtual consultation saved me the travel and waiting time,\" he said.\"I post the times I am available to see patients. A patient can book his appointment according to his convenience. Moreover, one can avoid the annoying wait,\" says Dr Prabhudoss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13876265", "title": "Cabinet gives nod to Metro plans", "text": "MUMBAI: The state cabinet on Wednesday gave a nod to the first line of Pune Metro, which would run from Vanaz to Ramwadi. The cabinet also gave its in-principle nod to the first route of the Nagpur Metro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13877405", "title": "US, China woo India for control over Asia-Pacific", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Asia-Pacific region emerging as the theatre of escalating US-China rivalry, India on Wednesday found itself in a rare and enviable situation: of being wooed by the competing giants.Visiting US defence secretary Leon Panetta said India would be \"a linchpin\" in America's unfolding new defence strategy that revolves around \"re-balancing\" its forces \"towards\" Asia-Pacific, while Chinese vice premier Li Keqiang told foreign minister SM Krishna that Sino-Indian ties would be the most important bilateral relationship in the 21st Century.Li's remark to Krishna, on the sidelines of the SCO summit in Beijing, is significant not just because he is slated to take over as China's premier from Wen Jiabao after the transition process starting July this year is over. But also since it virtually echoed US President Barack Obama's statement earlier to Indian Parliament terming the ties between the two democracies as the \"defining partnership of 21st century\".Panetta said, \"America is at a turning point. After a decade of war, we are developing the new defence strategy. In particular, we will expand our military partnerships and our presence in the arc extending from the Western Pacific and East Asia into the Indian Ocean Region (IOR) and South Asia. Defence cooperation with India is a linchpin in this strategy.\"China, which after the over 5,000-km Agni-V missile's test had sniggered at India for harbouring super-power ambitions, seems to have switched to a conciliatory tone and, suddenly, respectful of New Delhi's strategic autonomy.The tactic found expression in the People's Daily which gushingly proclaimed that India with an independent foreign policy could not be manipulated, even as it slammed the new US strategy that includes progressively shifting 60% of the formidable American naval combat fleet to Asia-Pacific.Recognizing Asia-Pacific's emergence as the new economic hub, the US has decided to focus on the region as part of what they call the pivot towards Asia. The new strategic posture has been welcomed by the countries in the region which have been at the receiving end of the muscle flexing by China that claims the entire South China Sea as its exclusive domain.Caught between?The unfolding rivalry creates problems for India. It is uneasy about China's aggrandizement and wants unhindered access to and through the South China Sea. Yet, it does not want to be seen as being part of any American grand design to contain China, already miffed with the new strategy being enunciated by the US.India wants to further step up its defence cooperation with the US on a bilateral basis but clearly does not want additional naval forces in an already-militarized IOR and surrounding regions.Defence minister AK Antony indirectly conveyed to Panetta that the US needed to recalibrate or rethink the policy. He emphasized there was a \"need to strengthen the multilateral security architecture\" in the Asia Pacific and that it must \"move at a pace comfortable to all countries concerned\".Antony, however, did say India fully supported \"unhindered freedom of navigation in international waters for all\", given its own bitter experience of being needled by China in the contentious South China Sea.But in another indication of India not being supportive of US actively jumping into the fray in South China Sea, where China is jostling with countries like the Philippines , Taiwan , Vietnam , Malaysia and Singapore on territorial claims, Antony said it was \"desirable\" that the \"parties concerned themselves should settle contentious matters in accordance with international laws\".Panetta, after earlier ruffling the prickly Chinese feathers, on Wednesday also struck a conciliatory note. Delivering a lecture, he said that even as India and the US \"deepen\" their bilateral defence partnership, the two would also seek to strengthen their ties with China.\"We recognise China has a critical role to play in advancing security and prosperity in this region. The US welcomes the rise of a strong, prosperous and a successful China that plays a greater role in global affairs - and respects and enforces the international norms that have governed this region for six decades,\" he said.India was pleased with the outcome of the Krishna-Li meeting, making the Indian foreign minister one of the first leaders to have any substantial interaction with next generation of Chinese leaders.Xi Jinping , who has been anointed successor to President Hu Jintao , was scheduled to visit India last year but it never materialized. Many described it as a missed opportunity for India in engaging the leader who would be president.But on Wednesday, India had reason to be happy. \"Repeatedly emphasizing how important ties were between the two countries, Li told the foreign minister that he looked upon the ties between the two nations as the most significant bilateral relationship of the 21st century,\" said an official.Krishna, who will also meet Chinese foreign minister Yang Jiechi on Thursday, had on his way to Beijing said there were no contentious issues between the two countries apart from the border dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13881390", "title": "After states crib, panel to assess \u2018no exam\u2019 rule", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with states' complaints that students had stopped studying with the \"abolition of exams\" the Central Advisory Board of Education (CABE) on Wednesday has set up a panel to assess and implement the continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) as a mid-term evaluation.The decision was taken after several states, led by Bihar, complained that students were doing poorly in their board exams and were no longer serious about their studies. Bihar education minister PK Shahi said, ``We feel that the ban on exams has had a negative impact on children. Our country is not yet ready for the such a system. Students are studying less.'' He was joined by Assam education minister who said that the class X results in his state were very poor following the implementation of the CCE under the RTE.Similar concerns were echoed by Chhattisgarh and Haryana who added that teachers in government schools were no longer as conscientious in their work.Responding to the complaints, the CABE decided to set up a panel to ensure assessment and implementation of CCE in the context of the `no detention' provision in the RTE act. While there was agreement that board examinations are not required, guidelines for implementation of CCE need to be evolved for examining and testing the child during the elementary education cycle.Educationist Vinod Raina clarified that while there was RTE Act said that students could not be detained in a class, there was no reason why exams were not being held. \"There is no proof that students who fail do well next year, while there is ample evidence that those who fail drop out of school,'' he said.Considering the complaint, the CABE meeting, chaired by HRD minister Kapil Sibal , decided to set up the Committee for assessment and implementation of the CCE in the context of the no detention provision in the RTE ACT.The panel will be headed by Haryana education minister Geeta Bhukkal. The CABE committee, which will include education ministers from states, academics and civil society representatives, will submit its report in three months after consulting the state governments and other stake holdersThe CABE committee also decided to constitute a committee for developing the framework and processes of the National Mission on Teachers and Teaching. The panel will be headed by minister of state D Purandeswari. The committee will include other state education ministers with representation from academics and society. The committee will give special focus on Teacher Educators and developing teachers for inclusive education for children with special needs.Members endorsed the initiative to create a credit guarantee fund to ensure better flow of credit to deserving students. A corpus of Rs 5,000 crore has been created to provide loans to students without collateral.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13882148", "title": "Get ready to be BlackBerried", "text": "MANGALORE: As part of its modernization programmes, the state police will make its personnel working outside Bangalore BlackBerry ready from this weekend.They will join their counterparts in Bangalore in using the BlackBerry device that help keep a tab on errant motorists. The device, which comes with a Bluetooth-enabled printer, will come in handy while booking vehicle users for a host of traffic offences like jumping signals, violating one way, over speeding, and using cell phones and not wearing a helmet while driving. The device will also give policemen information on previous traffic violations committed by an offender.At present, 750 policemen in Bangalore are using the device and from Saturday another 250 will join them. The computer wing of the state police, which is overseeing the statewide roll out of the programme, has already given training for cops in using the device. \"They were trained in batches of 50 each from May 22. The training of the last batch of officers got underway on June 4 and will be completed on Friday,\" said Praveen Sood, additional director-general of police (Police Computers Wing).The officers will start using the devices from Saturday itself and the department wants to address all the teething issues that its personnel are expected to face while on duty by the end of this month.\"The officers who underwent the training are those who are empowered to book cases for traffic violation. We are also planning to give training for superintendents of police and deputy SPs through video-conferencing, even though they will not be booking cases,\" he said.Seemant Kumar Singh, Mangalore city police chief said the usage of BlackBerry devices would help the state police evolve a database of violators, and bring habitual offenders anywhere in Karnataka on the radars of traffic police.\"It will improve accountability on part of police officers too. The number of cases booked and fine collected can now be figured out instantaneously,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13879531", "title": "Kochi: Alleged LeT operative fears loss of notoriety", "text": "KOCHI: The crime branch team was in for a surprise when suspected LeT operative Thadiyantavide Nazeer on Wednesday pleaded before them saying that his role behind the Kizhakkambalam dacoity case should not be made public as he will lose his fans who 'worship him for being a terrorist'.\"The moment he admitted his role in the dacoity case, he began to plead that the matter should not be made public. He told us that youngsters in his community considered him their hero and if they came to know about his role in a robbery and dacoity case, it will affect his reputation as a notorious terrorist,\" a police official, who was part of the team that grilled Nazeer continuously for the last 24 hours, told TOI on condition of anonymity.Police sources said that Nazeer was forced to reveal his role in the case after the crime branch team presented different witnesses before him, who identified Nazeer. Police officials said that the auto driver, who dropped Nazeer and the other accused at Aluva on the night they attacked a jewellery store owner, had identified Nazeer. Police claimed that LeT operative Thadiyantavide Nazeer admitted that it was he who planned and executed the operation to attack the person and loot 2.25 kg of gold from him at Kizhakkambalam on June 20, 2002.Nazeer told the interrogation team that Sabir, who is currently holed up somewhere in Pakistan , handled the amount of Rs 12.5 lakh that they raised by selling the gold in Malappuram. \"Nazeer told that it was Sabir who handled the amount and provided the money to pay rent for the houses where they stayed at Paravoor and Pookkattupady,\" officers said. Officials said that Nazeer will be taken to Kizhakkambalam on Thursday for evidence collection.Kochi: Crime Branch team were in for a surprise when suspected LeT operative Thadiyantavide Nazeer on Wednesday pleaded before them saying that his role behind the Kizhakkambalam dacoity case should not be made public as he will lose his fans who \"hero worship him for being a terrorist\".\"The moment he admitted to his role in the dacoity case, he began to plead to us that the matter should not be made public. He told us that the youngsters in his community were looking at him as a hero and if they come to know about his role in a robbery and dacoity case, it will affect his reputation as a notorious terrorist,\" a police official, who was part of the team that grilled Nazeer continuously for the last 24 hours, told TOI on condition of anonymity.Police sources said that Nazeer was forced to reveal his role in the case after the Crime Branch team presented different witnesses before him who identified Nazeer. Police officials said that the autodriver, who dropped Nazeer and other accused in his auto at Aluva on the night they attacked the jewellery owner, had identified Nazeer.Police claimed that LeT operative Thadiyantavide Nazeer admitted that it was him who planned and executed the operation to attack the jewellery owner and loot 2.25 kg of gold from him at Kizhakkambalam on June 20, 2002.Nazeer told the interrogation team that Sabir, who is currently holed up somewhere in Pakistan, handled the amount of Rs 12.5 lakh which they raised by selling the gold at Malappuram. \"Nazeer told that it was Sabir who handled the amount and provided the money to pay rent for the houses where they stayed at Paravoor and Pookkattupady,\" the officers said.Officials said that Nazeer will be taken to Kizhakkambalam on Thursday for evidence collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13880650", "title": "Zilla parishad seeks residential power tariff for primary health centres", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik zilla parishad (ZP) has sought power supply to primary health centres (PHCs) at residential tariff rates and not commercial charges.The zilla parishad's health committee has demanded that the tariff be scaled down as PHCs are not commercial entities, but outlets to provide healthcare to peopl. But power company officials pointed out that issues over tariff structure are decided by energy regulator.Nashik district has 103 primary health centres (PHCs) and sub-PHCs which function as life savers in rural and tribal parts of the district. The situation is same state-wide as these centres are held responsible for storing various urgent-care vaccines and medicines some of which require to be kept at very low temperatures requiring deep freezers and therefore consistent power supply.\"On average every PHC is charged Rs 9,000 per month at the commercial rate. If the same is changed to residential tariff then we are sure we will save huge amounts which can be used for improving our services,\" officiating district health officer Dr Yogesh Sale said. \"It is taxing on the part of ZP that it has to spend such huge amounts for power because of wrong tariff applied,\" said Jyoti Mali, chairperson of the ZP health committee and suggested that the DHO call on Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) over the issue.The MSEDCL however has no say in the matter as it sticks to guidelines issued by energy regulator Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC). \"It may be unfair that PHCs are charged on a commercial basis, but the ZP should present its case to MERC. Tariff structures don't apply to Nashik alone but the entire state,\" superintending engineer, Nashik (rural), Kishore Pardeshi said.Consumer activist Vilas Deole said that it was surprising that while professionals like private doctors, engineers, architects or lawyers practicing from home could use power charged at residential rates, government offices or hospitals don't have the same benefit.When it was pointed out that MERC was the decision-making body involved Mali said that she would study the process and act accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "13878467", "title": "Tytler frowns on faction feuds", "text": "BALASORE: All India Congress Committee (AICC) general secretary and Odisha in-charge Jagdish Tytler on Wednesday cautioned the party men not to fight against each other and asked them to show their muscle power to root out the opposition.Speaking to the Congress workers and party leaders of Balasore, Bhadrak and Mayurbhanj districts at Chandipur here, Tytler warned dissident party leaders for breaching discipline. \"Indiscipline by party men would not be tolerated as they must unite to defeat the ruling BJD in the state. Nobody is above the party. If we fight with each other for power, it would definitely benefit the Naveen led BJD government,\" he said.Tytler, who met the office bearers, district presidents and block presidents of the three districts, admitted that the party witnessed factionalism in Odisha. \"It was one of the major reasons for which we lost to the BJD in a couple of by-elections and the recent three-tire panchayat election,\" he pointed out.The meeting was however convened to find reasons behind the growing dissident movement in the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13891317", "title": "John Travolta 'had six years affair with personal pilot'", "text": "John Travolta reportedly had a six-year fling with his personal pilot, which was a completely open secret known to people close to the actor.According to the National Enquirer, the actor's former personal secretary Joan Edwards and a boyfriend of the pilot make the claims against the 'Saturday Night Fever' star.\"I did everything for him, including taking care of his personal and professional schedules. Of course I knew he was gay. It never bothered me,\" the New York Post quoted one-time secretary Edwards as telling the publication.Pilot Doug Gotterba, who now runs a charter plane service in Camarillo, California, would only confirm that he worked for Travolta for six years in the 1980s.\"That's how I met Doug. We both worked for John at the same time. Doug is a wonderful guy and we are still good friends. He told me that John was gay and they had a sexual relationship,\" Edwards said.Gotterba's one-time boyfriend Robert Britz said the pilot was very open about his years-long gay relationship with Travolta.\"Doug told me right at the beginning of our relationship that he'd had a homosexual relationship with John Travolta in the 1980s.\"Doug said John was constantly grabbing at his genital area, but he put up with John's sexual advances because working for him was 'lucrative',\" Britz said \"Britz said that Travolta's personal flyboy eventually turned away from the actor, grossed out by his weight and body odour.\"Doug said he hated sleeping with John because his body was very hairy, and he didn't like the way John smelled.\"John became very heavy between movies. Doug recalled him 'huge' and said it turned him off,\" Britz added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13878257", "title": "Inspiring others comes easily for this babu", "text": "Bangalore-based bureaucrat Srivatsa Krishna is one of the inspirations of the theme of Dibankar Banerjee's film Shanghai, slotted for release this Friday.For Srivatsa, who grew up on filter coffee - he drinks six to eight cups a day - a chance meeting with Banerjee at a Mumbai coffee shop led to his playback debut in Bollywood. \"Dibakar and I were debating opponents in college. When we bumped into each other at the coffee shop, he asked me 'Do you still sing as well as you did in college?'. I told him I didn't think so. But he asked me to come around to his studio the following day,\" says Krishna.He rehearsed for a day, but obviously that was enough for he was chosen to sing the Vishnu Sahasranamam for Shanghai. And also become an inspiration for the story, which is based on the life of an IAS officer .Suddenly, everything Krishna's grew up is at a confluence - coffee, Sahasranamam and his dying father's wishes. \"My father died the same night I was leaving for Stanford in 1987. I received his letter two weeks later, where he'd stated his two wishes for me - to do the IAS and to cut my own album,\" Krishna says.Srivatsa, a topper from the 1994 batch, is among the few Tam Brahms after TN Seshan and PV Rajaraman to take up the administrative services. It took him three attempts to top the exam. \"It was a struggle until I achieved it for we lived on a family pension of Rs 900 a month after my father's death. The debut in Shanghai is not quite an album of my own, but certainly a starting point,\" he says.But life has been full of starting points for him. For, among his many educational qualifications, he holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and is currently pursing a joint PhD at IIM-Bangalore and IIT-Madras.His voice is amazingly dexterous. \"When I was 19, I could sing the entire scale of the harmonium from the lowest sa to the highest sa. When AR Rahman visited me, he told my wife, 'Make him sing soft love songs to you every day.' I discovered then that I couldn't hit the top note which I could do in college and school without training. I could sing any song of Kishore Kumar or Mehdi Hassan,\" says Krishna, as he renders Kishore's 'Wo shaam kuch ajeeb thi', with minor coaxing.As his rich voice resonates with classical fervour, we hear that he's currently training under two gurus. \"MV Hegde teaches him Hindustani and Chintapalli Srinivas, Carnatic,\" says Krishna, who felt the Lord was giving him a calling when Banerjee approached him to sing after all those years.For a man who juggles many roles as administrator, student, musician and author, God and destiny are the backbone of existence. \"I believe it's most important to be a good human, good son and good husband. Succeeding here is far for more important than succeeding professionally, for without it, the latter has little meaning,\" he says.With Shanghai's release just a day away, Srivatsa is understandably excited.WEF honourSrivatsa was honoured by the World Economic Forum at Davos as a Global Leader for Tomorrow, in part for his work as part of Chandrababu Naidu's 'A' team in bringing in significant investments into India from Microsoft, GE, HSBC, Oracle to name just a few, when they created the Cyberabad miracle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13880651", "title": "Withheld results of 10K Madhya Pradesh board examinees declared", "text": "BHOPAL:Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) on Wednesday declared results of Class X and Class XII of some private schools, which were withheld for inspection in mass copying cases. There are still many such schools across the state, where results have not been still declared.Results of 37 private schools were previously withheld on grounds of mass copying. Of these, 14 have been given a clean chit as no such case could be conclusively proven, a spokesman of the MPBSE said. Results of more than 10,000 students in 14 schools were declared on Wednesday.Besides, these 14 schools, there are eight of them who are under a scanner by the school education authorities while 17 such schools are being inspected by the MPBSE, sources said. Total of 37 schools results were withheld after receiving reports of mass copying.The results have been uploaded on the MPBSE website. Five of these private schools are in Indore district, six are in Morena and one each in Sehore, Dewas and Shivpuri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13898867", "title": "Capturing memory online, in sepia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Some stories cannot be found in books. It is unlikely that history would have recorded the origins of India's first vegetable oil mill. No book will tell you how the 1970s Miss India swimsuit round took place backstage in semi darkness, with judges holding reference pictures and flashlights in their hands - all to save the girls the embarrassment of walking on stage in their bare essentials. Or the story of a Bengali couple who got married under the cover of darkness as India and Pakistan battled it out in 1971. There was a loud cheer when the lights came back just as the war ended and the bride entered her husband's house.The Indian Memory Project, a free online venture by Mumbai-based photographer Anusha Yadav, records personal stories such as these. And in what would make Alice from Wonderland happy - all stories come with pictures. Indeed, pictures are the very starting point for them. The project invites pictures and stories from common people in a bid to preserve the oral histories and the personal stories that were left untold as a larger history swept over them. The only caveat is that the stories must have an Indian connection and belong to a period earlier than 1991. There are, therefore, people writing in with personal stories of their grandparents and great-grandparents living through the World Wars, the freedom struggle and the Partition amongst others.The project started on Facebook back in 2009 as something entirely different. It was a page that collated pictures from Indian weddings, referencing various customs and rituals. \"But then I saw that people had started putting up other kinds of pictures on that page as well, some about the Partition, others about Kashmir. Then one day the penny just dropped,\" says Yadav, who then went on to turn the Facebook page into a Wordpress blog. By 2010, the project had it's own website: indianmemoryproject.com.The site, with 82 pictures at last count, filed under categories like \"Adoption\", \"Knighthood\", \"Exile\" etc gets 500-600 visitors a day. \"Sometimes we take things for granted and mention them in passing,\" says the NID alumna, citing the example of a story she heard that took place around 1947. She noticed that the person who was telling her the story, seemed to have had a longer than usual vacation from school. \"And then she said, of course, schools were closed during Partition. These are things you wouldn't otherwise find out. People lost out on two whole years of education during that time. These are the kind of stories that make people who they are,\" says Yadav, who was brought up in Jaipur.For now the website is overpopulated with black and white and sepia-toned pictures. Yadav feels it's just an impression that submitters have. \"They just assume that only old pictures will qualify. But that's not true. I think we do have one or two coloured pictures too,\" she says.The project has found a set of loyal \"patrons\" from across the country, two of them are even listed as \"anonymous\" on the website. These are memories one can't afford to lose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13888049", "title": "Aarushi murder case: Supreme Court rejects Nupur Talwar's review petition, trial to go on", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday dismissed Nupur Talwar's petition seeking a review of the apex court's January 6 order asking her and husband Rajesh Talwar to face trial in the case of murder of their daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj.The Supreme Court also rejected Nupur Talwar's plea for a direction to the CBI to carry out further investigations into the case. She had asked for touch DNA tests on articles recovered from the crime scene.The SC also said the application challenging the Allahabad HC order lifting the stay on arrest of Nupur Talwar was infructuous since she had already been arrested and facing trial while being in judicial custody.The trial court had on February 9 last year rejected the CBI's closure report in the Aarushi murder case and summoned the parents as accused to face trial.The SC, however, issued certain directions on the issue of trial court sending summons to accused in cases where the investigating agency has filed closure report.Fourteen-year-old Aarushi was found dead with her throat slit at her Noida residence on the intervening night of May 15 and 16, 2008, while Hemraj's body was recovered from the terrace of the house the next day.Nupur is now in judicial custody while her husband Rajesh Talwar, also a dentist, is out on bail. The case for their trial in the twin murder case is pending at a Ghaziabad sessions court.Departing from normal practice of hearing review petitions in the judges' chambers, the apex court had on March 15 decided to hear in open court the petition filed by the dentist couple seeking review of its January 6 order in which it had cleared the decks for the couple's trial in the murder case by dismissing their plea to quash criminal proceedings against them.In between, a non-bailable warrant was issued by the special CBI court in Ghaziabad after the Allahabad high court had withdrawn the protection given to her.After that, Nupur had approached the apex court seeking bail and protection from arrest.However, the apex court had on April 27 directed her to surrender on April 30 before the trial court in Ghaziabad.After the CBI court had dismissed her plea, she was sent to the judicial custody.(With PTI inputs)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13889915", "title": "Sonakshi Sinha's absence irks Bihar", "text": "With two back-to-back blockbusters under her belt Sonakshi Sinha has much reason to be proud. And so, feels Bihar, do Biharis. There's a growing resentment in the state about the fact that the Bihar ki beti has not paid them a visit since her stardom in Dabangg. And now when her second film Rowdy Rathore too has acquired blockbuster status, the question being asked in Bihar is, where is Sonakshi?We hear the matter is finally being sorted out. And the young Sinha star is all set to pay her home-state a visit. Proud father Shatrughan Sinha who saw Rowdy Rathore in Delhi with bureaucrats and police officers and can't stop beaming with paternal pride, says Sonakshi's Patna visit is now being worked out.Says Shatruji, \"Her absence from Bihar is not intentional. Why would she not go home? Bihar is her home. She spent much of her growing years in our home in Patna when my mother was alive. Now when my mother is no more I stay in a hotel in Patna for convenience. But we are now coming to Patna and people there should stop sulking. She has just not had time to make that long-due visit. Even when the promotional tours for Rowdy Rathore were planned it isn't her fault that Patna was not on the promotional map.\"The doting dad cribs that Sonakshi is hardly home. \"After Dabangg she has mostly been shooting outdoors. Even my wife and I hardly get to see her. On Saturday it was Sonakshi's birthday. On Sunday morning she left for Dalhousie for the shooting of Lootera. \"Sonakshi's proud father says the practical considerations regarding Sonakshi's Bihar visit are now being worked out. \" Bhai , ab to Sonakshi ko jaana hi padega. She has played a girl from Patna in Rowdy Rathore. That was intentional. She could've been a girl from Varanasi. But we wanted to establish that bond with Bihar. Even her dialogues have references to my Bihari character from Khudgarz, \" says Shatruji.Incidentally Shatruji is overwhelmed by Sonakshi's screen presence. \"She seems to have inherited her beauty from her mother and her confidence level from me. Thankfully it isn't the other way around. Jokes aside, in all objectivity I think my daughter holds her own against Akshay Kumar although he has a double role in Rowdy Rathore, and he has performed very effectively.\"The darling daughter has made Shatruji do what not even wild horses could drag him to do. \"I've watched only two films in the last twenty years. Guess which? Dabangg and Rowdy Rathore. I must say she does Bihar proud.\"The visit to the home town would be short and snappy since Sonakshi is shooting non-stop during the coming months. \"This is only because people in Bihar feel she is ignoring them. They forget, Bihari Babu visits them every few weeks. Bihari Bitiya will also visit them shortly,\" promises Shatruji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13878769", "title": "Vehicle, driver data in a mess", "text": "New Delhi: The transport department's failure to implement an effective IT policy for registration of private vehicles and issuance of driving licences has come in for severe criticism from the comptroller and auditor general of India (CAG).The CAG report cites flagrant lack of initiative and planning by the transport department in digitizing its records, leading to an incomplete database, loss of revenue, short levy of tax amounting to loss of Rs 86.54 lakh and other irregularities.The report comes close on the heels of the transport department's last-ditch attempt to computerize records by recently announcing a deadline of July 31, 2012, for conversion of driving licences \u2014 issued prior to 1999 \u2014 to smartcard-based licences.The CAG report indicts the transport department on various counts, most notably for its failure to execute the VAHAN (registration of private vehicles) and SARATHI (issuance of driving licences) applications in totality. The result, says the report, is an incomplete, \"unreliable\" database, without essential information on vehicles, owners/licences and other mandatory information. This has also led to forfeiture of taxes and fees, as well as issuance of driving licences to individuals whose licences were cancelled and to those who failed the driving test.The report also points out that input controls and validation checks are absent, leading to duplicate entries of engine number, chassis number, insurance cover-note number, permit number, challan number, fitness certificate number, and so on. In fact, the report says, around 660 driving licences were issued irregularly while 209 persons were issued more than one driving licence.The transport department's decision to switch midway from the software approved by the National Informatics Centre (NIC) and the ministry of road and transport to the one developed by DIMTS has also been highlighted by the report. It points to the problems faced by DIMTS and the transport department as a result, as the original software was modified by DIMTS and later replaced by a web-based software developed by it. The CAG report points out that the new software is functioning without relevant approval from either the ministry of roads and transport or NIC, which had developed the original one based on the Central Motor Vehicles Act and Rules.Besides this, the CAG also came down heavily on the transport department's inability to formulate a policy on issuance of fancy numbers, leading to loss of revenue. The report winds up by recommending that the department immediately develop an IT strategy that is effective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13875111", "title": "Senior citizen commits suicide", "text": "AKOLA: Shrirang Vallamwar (56), an administrative officer with the Government Medical College here, committed suicide by jumping in front of a train at Dabki Railway gate. The incident came to light on Tuesday.Vallamwar had been reported missing since Monday and his daughter Sonali had filed a missing persons' report at Khadam police station. Earlier, police had registered a case of accidental death after his mutilated body was found. Relatives who were in search of Shrirang, reached the spot and identified the body as that of Vallamwar.Vallamwar was a resident of Parbhani in Marathwada district. His body was sent to his native town after post-mortem was performed on Tuesday evening. He allegedly committed suicide as he was fed up with his illness. He had attempted suicide earlier too on Monday also but his relatives brought him back.Two killed in separate mishapsAkola: Two persons including a child were killed in separate road accidents in Akola district on Tuesday. 2-year-old Nida Parveen, the occupant of auto has been killed on the spot when auto and Indigo car met a head-on collision near Appu point on NH6 near here on Tuesday evening. In the second incident, Nilesh Palaspagan (24) was killed instantly when his two-wheeler dashed against a tree near Thar on Panchgavan-Telhara road in Akola on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13883914", "title": "BSEB purchases power at high rate", "text": "Patna: To minimize the gap between demand and supply, Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) is purchasing 400MW electricity from the open market at the rate of more than Rs 4.30 per unit to supply the same to its consumers at the rate of Rs 2.80 per unit.According to official sources, BSEB got 200MW power from Ahmedabad-based Adani Powers Limited, one of the largest private sector thermal power producers in the country, through a midterm agreement at the rate of Rs 4.41 per unit. The agreement is valid till December 31, 2015. The BSEB has got the remaining 200MW of electricity from NTPC Vidyut Vyapar Nigam Limited at the rate of Rs 4.31 per unit. BSEB spokesman H R Pandey said the power board was not charging any extra amount from its consumers for paying higher price to the private firms. \"We are still facing acute power crisis in the state, including in the capital. We are getting only 1,500MW of power, including from the open market, against the state's overall demand of around 3,000MW during peak hours,\" Pandey told TOI.Bihar's lone thermal power station at Barauni (unit 6&amp;7) in Begusarai district has been shut down for renovation and maintenance work till the end of this year. Similarly, Bihar's joint venture power plant (unit 1&amp;2) at Kanti in Muzaffarpur, has also been shut down for renovation and maintenance since November 3 last year. This plant is also not likely to start power generation till December. In such a grim scenario, Bihar received approximately 1,100MW of power only on Wednesday from the central sector as against its sanctioned allocation of 1,772MW. In addition, the state received 400MW of power from the open market. In total, Bihar received 1,500MW of power on Wednesday as against its peak hours demand of nearly 3,000MW.In order to minimize the impending crisis during summer, BSEB had to buy additional 400MW of power through power trading agreement at the premium rate. Out of the approximately 1,500MW of power available, the never-ending demand of the Patna Electric Supply Undertaking (PESU) has already crossed 500MW during peak evening hours. \"We are unable to meet the ever-increasing demand of the state capital,\" he said.\"The city's demand for power grows more than 15% every year. With the substantial increase in the number of multi-storey apartments, commercial complexes and shopping malls, the city's power requirement has increased manifold. Air coolers have been replaced by ACs\", said a senior PESU official. As a result, prolonged power cuts in almost all the localities is common. Complaints of local power fault, voltage fluctuation and replacement of transformers are endless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13896574", "title": "Auditor Mahantesh's murder case solved, claim police", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore police on Thursday claimed that they have solved the murder of government auditor SP Mahantesh. A cashier at the Shahakarnagar cooperative credit society, Kiran, is the main accused in the case. He killed Mahantesh in order to cover up his misappropriations with the funds of the cooperative society. Police have also arrested three more associates, Ayyappa 24, Murali 29 and Shivakumar 28. One more assailant is yet to be arrested.City police commissioner Jyothiprakash Mirji said that during last year Kiran had used the money of society for his own purposes. Misusing his post as a cashier, Kiran took money from the society for a lavish life. He also gave money to the four accused in the case as well.Shakarnagar was one of the five societies allotted to Mahantesh for auditing in the year 2012. He had finished the auditing of Saptagiri cooperative credit society and next in line was Sahakarnagar cooperative society. He made his initial visit a week before the assault. His next visit was on May 15. However, he did not spent much time at the society. Fearing that Mahatesh would bring to light the irregularities, Kiran asked him friends to attack Mahantesh.Kiran passed on the vehicle number to his friends and they started tailing Mahatesh's Maruthi 800 car in a Tata Indica owned by one of assailants. Their initial plan was to attack him in front of Mekeri circle junction, however, they could not attack him because there were lot of people present at the junction. They continued the pursuit and finally got him near Hotel Atria. They hit his car from behind and when Mahantesh came out of the car, they punched him couple of times and attacked on his head with cricket stumps.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13881160", "title": "Anonymous continues attack on 'censorship'", "text": "CHENNAI: The virtual gheraoing of official websites is on with hacktivist group Anonymous claiming to have taken down the Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited (MTNL) website through a distributed denial of service ( DDoS) attack on Wednesday.This is the latest in a series of attacks in the last month by the group, which has previously attacked the websites of the Internet Service Providers Association of India, All-India Trinamool Congress and Reliance Communications .The group started attacking official and corporate websites to protest what it called 'censorship' of the internet that snowballed after a Madras HC 'John Doe' order.Anonymous plans street protestThe hacktivist group Anonymous has planned peaceful street demonstrations in Mumbai, New Delhi, Bangalore, Kolkata, Pune, Kochi and other cities on June 9. It seeks removal of blocks on websites and calls for certain provisions in the Information Technology Act 2008 to be amended.In the case of http:// mtnl .net.in/, the attack was announced on Anonymous' blog: \"We are against internet censorship. Instead of blocking few URLs, the ISP blocked the whole domain of various file-sharing websites . The HC and DoT didn't issue any list of websites to be blocked, still ISP supported internet censorship.\"To prevent copyright violation of Tamil movie '3' and Telugu movie 'Dammu' , the producers of the movies procured pre-emptive orders from the HC. Although the orders did not specify the websites, on May 17, internet service providers (ISPs) like Airtel and Reliance Communications blocked a number of videosharing and file-sharing sites like Vimeo, DailyMotion .com, Isohunt.com, thepiratebay .org, torrentz.eu, kat.ph and pastebin.com.Though the bans were partially lifted after protests, websites like Pastebin and torrent sites are still inaccessible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13899205", "title": "Rent-a-bike operators under police radar in Goa", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa SP Arvind Gawas has written to the district collector N D Agarwal suggesting that an order be issued by him in exercise of powers vested in him under section 144 of the code of criminal procedure to make it mandatory for rent-a-bike operators across South Goa to maintain the records of their customers' identity particulars in a particular format.The police have already urged the rent-a-bike operators to exercise utmost caution while renting out their bikes to tourists and unknown persons. A series of meetings have already been conducted by the police with those engaged in the business of renting out their two-wheelers.The rent-a-bike operators have already been asked to maintain the identity details of the tourists on a register and produce them on demand to the police. They have been told to insist on providing proof of identity from their customers as that serves as a vital piece of information in case police need to track anybody down.The move stems from the fact that the accused persons involved in various recent cases were found to be using these rent-a-bikes as their means of conveyance while committing the crimes.\"Criminals want to flee from the scene soon after committing a crime, and a rented two-wheeler exactly serves their purpose. You, therefore, need to remain vigilant while renting out your vehicle to strangers,\" PI Sudesh Naik, had cautioned the rent - a - bike operators in a meeting held at Margao police station recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13883616", "title": "Over 4,000 cancer cases registered in six months in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Six months after the state government issued a notification making it mandatory for all private and public hospitals to report cancer cases, more than 4,000 incidences of cancer -- primarily breast, cervix and oral cancer -- have been reported across Punjab. Patient profiles indicate that though smoking is a taboo, excessive tobacco intake is making young Punjabis fall prey to oral cancer.New data being made available, after the state government finally initiated steps to facilitate an accurate cancer atlas, is throwing up new patterns of the deadly disease among people. \"So far, the department of pathology, Govt Medical College, Patiala has registered 2,800 cancer patients from across the state in the past three years,\" said Anupam Sharma, a research scientist associated with the project.An estimated 1,200 to 1,500 persons are believed to have been registered with hospitals outside the state, data of which is being compiled by National Cancer Registry Programme, Bangalore. Patiala alone has seen nearly 1,100 cases of cancer patients lining up for treatment across hospitals.Dr Manjit Singh Bal, principal investigator, population-based cancer registry, said, \"Data being compiled is being sent online to Bangalore regularly where they are also getting data from rest of the country. So if a patient from Punjab gets treatment in a Mumbai hospital or any another place, he will be added to the Punjab list. There may be duplications, but these are being eliminated to a large extent.\"\"The most common cancer among women being reported from Punjab is that of breast and cervix. Men are suffering primarily from oral cancer since intake of tobacco products is very high,\" said Sharma. Although smoking is highly tabooed in Punjab, it being disapproved in Sikh religion, yet research scientists said that use of hookah and chewing of tobacco is very common, especially in villages.The notification issued by the state government in October last year had made it mandatory for all public and private hospitals, labs, institutions into diagnosis or treatment, to report online details of the cancer patient within a week of diagnosis or suspicion. However, the data has just begun to trickle in, highlighting the need to create more awareness among medical professionals, sources said.Sensing this, the Indian Council of Medical Research is organizing workshops from June 12 to 14 in Patiala where oncologists, radiologists and medical personnel will be trained how to report details of cancer patients online, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13897745", "title": "BCCI Technical Committee to meet on June 12", "text": "MUMBAI: The Technical Committee of the Indian Cricket Board, headed by Sourav Ganguly, will meet on June 12 to discuss topics pertaining to domestic cricket, according to BCCI sources.\"The meeting has been convened to discuss domestic cricket,\" said sources.In the last Working Committee meeting of the Board a three-member special committee was formed to look into the suggestions made by the Technical Committee and the captains and coaches after the one-day conclave on March 22.The special panel comprises BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale and former captains Ganguly and Anil Kumble.Suggestions varying from home-and-away ties, playing on uncovered wickets to widening the gap between two games and a league format for Duleep Trophy, were put forward at the annual Ranji Trophy captains' and coaches' conclave organised by the BCCI here today.The issue of having uncovered wickets to make it more challenging for the domestic batsmen in order to tune them up for tougher challenges occupied the maximum time during the discussions.The home-and-away format for Ranji Trophy was suggested as currently the team that fails to qualify for the knockout round remains idle for a long period after playing 6-7 games.\"In the same season, it would be better if, for example, Kerala take on Tamil Nadu at home and then go away to the latter's territory and play the return leg.\"Each team would be assured of more number of games,\" one captain, who attended the meeting, had said after the conclave held at a suburban hotel here three months ago.There were also suggestions to use Kookaburra balls in Duleep Trophy and to give a four-day gap between two Ranji games by increasing the existing three-day gap.Former India cricketer WV Raman, who attended the meeting as the coach of Bengal, had said the meeting was \"extremely interesting with a variety of options (to improve domestic cricket) coming through\".\"This meeting has taken place after 3-4 years. It was very encouraging to see the BCCI's president (N Srinivasan), secretary (Sanjay Jagdale) and CAO (Prof Ratnakar Shetty) taking so much interest in the discussions,\" the former left-handed batsman had said.Raman had suggested a total change in the points format for Ranji Trophy in order to encourage teams to go for an outright victory instead of being content with taking the first-innings lead and points.\"My suggestion was to encourage the captains to go for an outright result by offering three points extra for attempting an outright victory after taking the lead, even if it ended on the losing side,\" Raman had elaborated.Raman had suggested a steep increase in the points awarded for an outright victory.\"I suggested seven points for an outright victory plus the existing bonus (if it is by an innings or by ten wickets).\"If the team loses in attempting an outright win after taking the lead, then the rivals can be given four points and the losers three,\" Raman had said.he BCCI technical committee, at its meeting here on February 17, had suggested the following points system.Outright win: 5 points; First innings lead but no outright win: 3 points; Loss on first innings: 1 point; Washout/weather interference with no first innings result: 1 point each; Innings win/win by ten wickets: 1 bonus point; Tie on first innings without outright result: 1 point each; Tie on both innings: 2 points each; Outright loss: No points; First innings results not achieved without any weather interference: 1 point each.The committee also suggested that if a result on first innings is not obtained at the end of the scheduled play in a knockout match, then the match will be extended into an additional day.If the first innings are not completed even on the additional day, then the winner will be decided by the spin of a coin, the technical committee had suggested.Raman had also suggested that bowling of three bouncers per over, from the existing two, be allowed in first-class cricket.\"The technical committee has decided to allow one extra bouncer from the existing one per over in limited-overs games. I suggested three bouncers per over in first class games to help our cricketers improve their technique against short-pitched balls,\" Raman had said after the conclave.The decision of the technical committee to make knockout games in Ranji Trophy five-day affairs, on par with the final, had been welcomed by the captains and coaches, it was learnt.The Ranji Trophy quarter-finals and semi-finals will now be five-day affairs, the technical committee had decided at its meeting here on February 17.There was support to the suggestion to play domestic cricket on uncovered wickets, according to Raman.\"It found favour and the consensus was that a good thought needs to be given to this suggestion (by the BCCI),\" he had said.\"It's up to the BCCI to sift through these suggestions. Probably they have to be taken up by the technical committee and then by the working committee. But there's enough time as the next season is still some way away,\" the former opener had concluded.All these points are expected to be discussed at the meeting of the Technical panel here on June 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13879228", "title": "How Arambag link was completed in record time", "text": "KOLKATA: In 'The Bridge on the River Kwai', Colonel Saito was set an impossible deadline to bridge the river and lay railway tracks to connect Burma . This may have been a work of fiction but something similar occurred in real life recently when Eastern Railway engineers were asked to complete a project four months in advance. It was something of a record that they succeeded to complete a 20 km stretch between Talpur and Arambag in Hooghly in time for its inauguration on Monday.Work on the project started nearly a year and a half ago and the completion date was set for the Pujas this year. The screws were tightened for the first time in February when ER was told by the Railway Board to bring the deadline forward. After careful scrutiny, it was evaluated that the project could be completed by the end of June but without electrification. This wasn't acceptable and the project (without electrification) had to be ready by June 4, senior officials insisted.\"It was a major challenge, no doubt, but it had to be accomplished. The heat was the biggest hurdle. Labourers weren't keen to work and many had to leave to tend to their crops. We needed men and material. This we got from other divisions and zones. We went in for day-and-night work. The progress of everyday was charted. Our supervisors didn't go home for a month. We had 'saddled' three sleeper class coaches at Tarakeswar where they spent the nights for nearly a month. It was due to their hard work that the deadline could be met,\" said G C Agarwal, general manager, Eastern Railway.Additional equipment was also brought in. \"We had started with a single flash butt welding plant. This plant lifts the ends of the rails, brings them together and welds them. No other material is used and the joints are stronger.After the deadline was brought forward, we requisitioned two more welding plants to speed up the work. We also brought in two track-tamping machines for setting the ballast on the track bed. The ballast was brought from Pakur and unloaded during the night to save time,\" the general manager said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877689", "title": "Lack of safe house forced abductors to kill businessman\u2019s son", "text": "MUMBAI: When Imtiaz Shaikh and Azad Ansari sat to hatch the conspiracy to kidnap 12-year-old Shree Bhandge, son of Dharavi businessman Rajesh Bhandge, nearly a month ago, their main focus was to abduct him when his father would be away on a business trip. Shaikh and Ansari were familiar with Rajesh's business and his life. While Shaikh had worked at Bhandge's embroidery shop, Ansari was still employed with them.The idea to make easy money came in their mind when Rajesh purchased an SUV. Having failed two earlier attempts, the date was fixed for May 27, when Rajesh would be away in Ajmer on a business trip.But what these 22-year-olds failed to plan was where to hold the boy after abducting him and also that Shree will be able to identify them. So, the duo and their friends went ahead with their original plan and picked up Shree at around 7pm on the pretext of taking him to Juhu Chowpatty. After taking him to Thane, they moved to Shaikh's house at Bhiwandi and even offered food to him. Ansari, to mislead the family and have a solid alibi, left for the shop at 10.30pm.After Ansari left, as Shaikh and his friends were going through their plan, they panicked on realizing that they couldn't keep Shree with them and also, he would be able to easily identify them. That is when they decided to kill Shree.Having done the deed and dumped the body, they decided to wait for some time before making their next move. Meanwhile, Ansari went to work and even accompanied the family to the police station to lodge a missing complaint, while Shaikh procured seven SIM cards using fake documents.On May 31, the first call started going to Rajesh, who was in Pune looking for his son, demanding Rs 25 lakh ransom. Between the first call and till June 5, Shaikh made 12 calls to Rajesh, disguising his voice and threatened him saying \"bhai\" had demanded it. \"Rajesh tried to convince Shaikh that he has managed only Rs 4 lakh and he can take his vehicle to release his son,\" said police officials. When Rajesh insisted on speaking to his son, he was told Shree would be released within five hours once the entire money was paid in Thane.It was these calls that helped police identify the location. Finally, on Tuesday the police arrested Shaikh from Bhiwandi, Azad from Dharavi and their friends Shakir Ali Ansari (20), Israr Shaikh (21) (both employed in Bhiwandi powerloom) and Arsil Ahamed alias Pappu Sayyed (39) in a bakery at Govandi. All five have been remanded in police custody till June 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13877982", "title": "Venus has a 'cloudy' journey", "text": "New Delhi: If you missed the voyage of Venus between the sun and the earth on Wednesday morning, you may have to wait for another lifetime to witness the rare cosmic event.The phenomenon, also called the transit of Venus, will next occur after 105 years, in December 2117. The event happens twice in every century, eight years apart. The first transit of this century happened in June 2004. The second and the final took place on Wednesday and was expected to be visible for around five hours starting sunrise; clouds, however, played spoilsport.Hundreds headed to Nehru Planetarium to view the rare celestial event with the help of equipment set up there. \"People started coming in as early as 4:30am. But the transit wasn't visible because of clouds till around 7am,\" said Rathnasree, director, Nehru Planetarium. Telescopes, with solar filters attached, had many lining up as people along with kids came to view the once-in-a-lifetime event. Pin-hole projectors were also installed as an alternative means of viewing the planet's journey across the face of the sun. \"The crowd was small than the one during the last transit. I remember much longer queues then,\" Rathnasree added.\"We saw it being flashed across various media outlets yesterday. The sight is just a black dot on the face of the sun, but that is what was promised. It is a very rare event,\" said Pallavi Rao, who came with her husband and son Aryan in tow. \"It's the first time I've experienced something like this,\" a thrilled Aryan said. Many of those who turned up had kept track of the astronomical event. \"I keep track of astronomical phenomenon on my iPad. I keyed in a future date a few days ago and was pleasantly surprised to see this event coming up,\" said Sandeep Mittal.The event was not an extraordinary visual treat, but its significance lay in its rarity. Venus, often associated with beauty, was seen as a black spot against the backdrop of the solar disc at sunrise. It was at the centre of its trajectory around 7am and exited the frame at 10:21am.SPACE collaborated with Russian Center for Science and Culture and ASI to arrange for exhibiting the event at Jantar Mantar. Around 700 people visited the centre in the morning, according to Milan Mitra, scientific officer, SPACE. \"It was a very rare phenomenon; none of us would be around to see the next transit. I didn't want my kids to miss it,\" said Arshi. Some had been lucky enough to have witnessed the first of the transits in 2004. \"I came over when it happened last time. It's a rare and beautiful celestial alignment. I have seen it twice, it's something special,\" said an enthusiastic Aman Gupta.The event is also not without scientific significance. Transits were historically used to measure the distance between the sun and the earth. Venus' transit is also used as a point of reference for detecting other planets orbiting their host stars in the event of their transits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13884089", "title": "Ancient plague may have helped man to evolve", "text": "LONDON: One of the major factors that saved humanity from extinction some 100,000 years ago may lie in our ancestor's ability to protect themselves from massive epidemic of bacterial diseases, according to a new research led by an Indianorigin scientist.A team led by Ajit Varki of the University of California , San Diego, found new genetic evidence which suggests that a mysterious plague ravaged populations of early humans in Africa, until their number fell to less than 10,000.The bacteria were exploiting two immune system genes. So the solution was to get rid of the traitorous genes. And those who managed to survive the epidemic, bounced back and started spreading around the world.For their study, Varki and colleagues looked at two genes called Siglec-13 and Siglec-17. Both code for proteins that are involved in controlling the immune system, helping to decide whether immune cells should go on the offencive.They found that both genes are active in chimpanzees, but not in humans. Siglec-13 has been entirely deleted from the human genome, while Siglec-17 is non-functional as a result of losing one letter from its code. Why would we have got rid of two useful immune genes? The team reconstructed the lost proteins and found that two dangerous bacteria, Group B Streptococcus and Escherichia coli K1, could bind to them. Wondering if the bacteria could exploit the proteins, he expressed each protein in some human immune cells.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880672", "title": "Doctors end strike after government promises action", "text": "Chennai: The four-day strike by house surgeons and postgraduate students at five government hospitals, including three in the city, ended on Wednesday after the state health department promised action against the lawyers who attacked a duty doctor at Government General Hospital.The government also said it would enhance security at the hospital. From Thursday only one visitor will be allowed to visit a patient in the hospital's ICU, trauma and post-operative wards. The visitor will be asked to wait in a hall and be called in only when the doctor needs information about the patient or to let him know the condition of the patient.By the weekend, the hospital has promised to put up barricades outside the trauma wards for the safety of the doctors. The hospital will also install at least 15 CCTV cameras in the trauma and emergency wards. The hospital has 2,700 beds, and treats more than 8,000 outpatients and receives 50,000 visitors every day.Most trauma wards in the hospital have more than 40 beds. At present, there are no security cameras in the hospital.Doctors at government hospitals have been beaten up by relatives of patients on at least two occasions in the past month. Medicos and doctors went on a state-wide protest after a group of lawyers allegedly manhandled a duty doctor, Rajesh, on Sunday.Health minister V S Vijay told reporters that a committee headed by the health secretary and comprising doctors and students would submit a report on the security measures required at the hospital.Health department officials said a 10-member committee has been formed to review security at Government General Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877741", "title": "Drizzles in Mumbai, monsoon comes closer", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars woke up to drizzles and an overcast sky instead of a scorching sun on Wednesday. However, citizens will have to wait for a couple of days for the monsoon to arrive as the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) described the drizzles as pre-monsoon showers. Local weather stations recorded less than one millimetre of rainfall on Wednesday, but some pockets in the city reported a downpour.\"On Wednesday, the monsoon covered a few areas of Maharashtra including Harnai, Satara and Belgaum. We expect the monsoon to hit the city in the next 48 hours,\" said N Y Apte, deputy director general of IMD, Mumbai.\"It is only a prediction, since the monsoon could also stall. However, looking at the current cloud and wind conditions, the monsoon does seems close,\" he added.Wednesday's cloudy weather ensured that day-time temperatures dipped by five degrees. Colaba recorded a maximum temperature of 29.6 degree Celsius\u2014much cooler than the 35.6 degree Celsius the previous day. Santa Cruz was slightly warmer at 30.5 degree Celsius. \"The cloud cover ensured that there was no direct sun. This brought the temperature down,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at IMD, Mumbai.The humidity levels, however, were quite high with Colaba recording 94% and Santa Cruz recording 75% in the morning. Levels in the evening too were moderately high with Colaba and Santa Cruz recording 88% and 75% respectively. The weather on Thursday is likely to be similar to Wednesday's. The humidity levels are likely to remain high, said Rajeev.The monsoon has already covered most parts of central Arabian Sea, remaining parts of coastal Karnataka, entire Goa, some parts of south Konkan, south-central Maharashtra, north interior Karnataka, entire Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura, Assam, Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh and some parts of sub-Himalayan West Bengal and Sikkim.According to the IMD, there are set criteria to declare the onset of the monsoon in Kerala, but the criteria varies elsewhere in the country. \"For Kerala, the criteria are that it should rain 2.5cm or more for two consecutive days apart from other conditions like wind field and speed. In Mumbai, however, the rain measurement can be one cm for two consecutive days; and the south-westerly winds are the driving force,\" said Apte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "amritsar/new delhi", "code": "13882241", "title": "Beant Singh\u2019s killer Balwant Singh Rajoana honoured", "text": "AMRITSAR/NEW DELHI: Sikh clerics bestowed the title of 'living martyr' upon Balwant Singh Rajoana, a Babbar Khalsa international terrorist convicted for killing former Punjab CM Beant Singh, on the 28th anniversary of Operation Bluestar observed in the Golden Temple complex on Wednesday.A handful of Sikh radicals had also gathered at the Akal Takht and they raised pro-Khalistan slogans in the presence of heavy police deployment in plain clothes and cops of various intelligence agencies. Jathedar of Akal Takht Giani Gurbachan Singh in his address said that Operation Bluestar was an attempt to annihilate the Sikhs by the then Central government.The foundation stone of the memorial to be built in the honour of those who were killed in the Army action in 1984 was laid. The memorial, to be constructed by Damdami Taksal, a radical Sikh seminary which was once headed by Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale, has sparked off a debate in Punjab with former CM Capt Amarinder Singh and Luxmi Kanta Chawla, a senior leader of BJP, which is a coalition partner of the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal , opposing the construction.The issue was clearly an embarrassment for the BJP with its ally in Punjab backing the demand for constructing a memorial. Faced with questions on the sticky issue, party leaders distanced themselves from the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13881248", "title": "NBA urges I&B; ministry to stick to June 30 deadline for digitization", "text": "NEW DELHI: The News Broadcasters Association (NBA) expressed apprehension about speculation that the I&B; ministry may extend the June 30 deadline for digitization. The four metros \u2014 Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, and Chennai \u2014 are slated to shift from analog to digital television by July 1.After a meeting on Wednesday the NBA Board issued a statement expressing support for the \"landmark decision\" urging the I&B; ministry to ensure that digitization is notified from the June deadline.The statement said, \"This puts India on the global map, provides for significant transparency and enables the government to enhance its revenues by way of income tax, service tax and entertainment tax. Importantly from the news broadcasters' point of view there is a significant ray of hope with the potential reduction of carriage and ban on placement fees, both of which have crippled the industry.\"The association also pointed out that \"certain rumours that seemed to suggest that there may be an extension of the implementation date of DAS\" had come to their notice but it continued to believe and support that the government would continue with its determination and assurance and the deadline will be adhered to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13878807", "title": "Omfed stir hits supply across city", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Supply of milk products was badly hit across the city on Wednesday, a day after a violent protest and strike by Omfed employees at its plant. Contractual employees on Tuesday had ransacked the Omfed office and factory at Chandrasekharpur demanding wage hike.\"I went to around 10 Omfed booths to buy a packet of curd, but I returned empty handed every time. In this heat, curd rice is the best food,\" said Sanjay Dalei, a customer.\"A large number of customers are returning from the shop without getting curd, lassi, sweet curd, ice cream and other Omfed products. In summer these products are in good demand. Today only milk was supplied by Omfed,\" said Chitrasen Behera, a booth owner in Ashok Nagar.\"The workers' strike has affected the production of other items was affected. The supply will be normalized by tomorrow,\" said an Omfed official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13880091", "title": "Madurai police compile list of criminals", "text": "MADURAI: District police has collated the list of criminals or bad characters like rowdy elements, history sheeters and others and they will be closely monitored by the police.After V Balakrishnan took charge as Madurai SP, he had instructed the district police to collect the details about all the criminals in the district, as well as the number of non-bailable warrants (NBW) pending in the district. The police have altogether found 899 bad characters with criminal history and 956 pending NBWs in the district. They were given the timeline to complete the task of collating the list by Tuesday and the complete list is available with the police department.The list will be distributed to all the station house officers and will be distributed to the police personnel on patrol and beat duty to monitor the activities of criminals, the police said.Balakrishnan said that non-bailable warrants include the cases of murder, dacoity, burglary, two-wheeler theft, physical hurt and accident cases under non-bailable sections. In an effort to trace people under non-bailable warrants, the police stations were given the list of NBWs falling under their police limits.\"It is the idea of sharing information about the NBWs and bad characters among police stations. We will work at station as well as district-levels. For instance, a culprit under NBW in a particular station may be residing in some part of the district and we try to trace their whereabouts. With the complete list of NBWs, the particular police station will know if there is any person under NBW in their limits and will look out for them,\" he said. As the next measure, they are also co-ordinating with SPs of other districts to know if the culprits wanted under NBWs are hiding in those places.Police will also closely monitor the bad characters and their present whereabouts. They could be in prison or released on bail or may be absconding for long. \"It is important that we monitor the activities of these persons as a preventive measure. Among them, some may be in prison, some on bail and some of them would have even converted from their earlier way of life. All these details should be closely followed by the police,\" Balakrishnan mentioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13878414", "title": "Panchayat stops 'illegal' hill cutting at Bambolim", "text": "PANAJI: The Curca-Bambolim-Talaulim panchayat stopped a developer from excavating the slope of a hill on the western side of Bambolim hill a few yards off NH 17.A few gaonkars of Bambolim comunidade had filed a complaint with the panchayat on Sunday, alleging that a developer had scooped into the shoulder of the hill illegally, in land belonging to the age-old body.\"We inspected the site after the complaint and stopped the work,\"Ganashyam Vernekar, sarpanch of Curca-Bambolim-Talualim, said. However, the sarpanch declined to comment on the ownership issue.The gaonkars alleged that no board providing details of the approvals obtained by the developer has been displayed at the site.The sarpanch confirmed that during the inspection, it was noticed that the approvals, if any, were not displayed at the site. The panchayat has issued a show-cause notice to the developer. \"We will examine their documents,\" Vernekar said.The excavation has been carried out to lay a road through the green area for access to the rest of the plot area.The work was in progress for several days, but was noticed by the gaonkars on Sunday. Fast-paced development activity has put pressure on the hill slopes in Bambolim and Siridao areas and a few gashes in the hills can be seen from a distance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13881476", "title": "Venus transit: Clouds veil celestial romance in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Overcast sky played spoilsport for enthusiasts who eagerly awaited once-in-a-lifetime celestial phenomenon of Venus transit on Wednesday. Cloudy sky marred the otherwise well organised show of the transit.Children Science Centre (CSC), Indore, had made special arrangements for watching the rare astronomical phenomenon through solar filter at 18 places across the city. People, however, complained of cloudy sky which deprived them of the rare experience, which came after eight years, but will be seen next more than a century from now. More than 5,000 people watched the event. Suryaprakash Jaisawal, director, Science Centre, said people were happy to watch the event at my centre. Children especially were very curious. Above all, the special solar glasses, which were distributed by us for the onlookers on the occasion proved to be a boon for them, claimed Jaisawal.Satendra Singh, president, Manawata Nagar Residents' Association, said nearly 200 people watched the event at the locality. Ashutosh Tripathi, coordinator of the NGO, Space Organisation, said he ensured that people visiting his centre were not disappointed due to the cloudy sky.\"We had taken a few snaps of the event which we showed to the visitors,\" he said.Sameer Panse, joint secretary, Maharashtra Samaj, Rajendra Nagar, said people were eager to watch the event. The show was on since 5.40 am and went on till 10.22am. However, the sky was clear only at 7.45 am and 8.05 am only.Ashok Dubey, coordinator, Rupankar community library, said though enthusiasts, especially children, turned up in huge numbers at my centre for the show, still they were disappointed after not being able to witness it due to the cloudy sky.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13893548", "title": "5 reasons why we admire Ekta Kapoor!", "text": "As Ekta Kapoor turns 37 today, here are five reasons why we admire the queen of the Indian Television industry, who is also a TV &amp; film writer, producer and director.Turns stars into Superstars TV stars look up to Ekta Kapoor as she's responsible for giving big breaks to newcomers and existing actors in the TV industry. Look at the way she shaped the careers of Amar Upadhyay , Ronit Roy, Smriti Zubin Irani, Saakshi Tanwar, Ram Kapoor, Shweta Tiwari, Cezzane Khan, Sushant Singh Rajput, Ankita Lokhande and the list is endless! Senior actors like Saakshi Tanwar Ram Kapoor and Shweta Tiwari are all back on TV courtesy Ekta.Versatile &amp; Non conservative She's unconventional and does not follow norms. From producing family dramas: Hum Paanch , Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Th i, Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii , to producing bold films like Love, Sex aur Dhoka , Ragini MMS and the recent hit The Dirty Picture , Ekta is not one to shy away when it comes to experimenting. She can also make fat look fabulous! At a time when heroines are obsessed with having a size zero figure, Vidya Balan proudly flaunted her curvaceous figure. Even Ram Kapoor is loved and adored by fans, especially in Bade Achhe Lagte Hain where the actor has visibly gained a lot of weight. Trust Ekta to do things her own way! Also, Bade Achhe Lagte Hain was the talking point a while back because it was the first time that two TV actors locked lips on the small screen! Never before have Indian audiences witnessed something like this.Outspoken and not diplomatic In a business and industry where people are busy playing safe, Ekta Kapoor is not afraid to speak her mind! Not one to mince words, Ekta is vocal about her thoughts and feelings. Recently, when The Dirty Picture was not allowed to screen on television because of its adult content, Ekta refused to back down and met up with officials from the Central Board of Film Certification and promised to fight until she achieved victory (if rumours are to be believed). She also reportedly had a spat with Rajeev Khandelwal when he quit her show to focus on his film career, leaving Ekta angry. She even snubbed him at an event but later patched up.The KK Queen Everyone knows how spiritual Ekta Kapoor is and maybe she's also superstitious. Take a look at all her hit TV shows: Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii , Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi , Kasautii Zindagii Ka y, Kahiin To Hoga , Kaahin Kissii Roz , Kkusum , Kaisa Ye Pyar Hai and Kasamh Se to her recent show, Kya Huaa Tera Vaada . From her filmography, there is Kyo Kii... Main Jhuth Nahin Bolta, Kucch To Hai, Krishna Cottage, Kyaa Kool Hai Hum and Kyaa Super Kool Hai Hum.Lady with the Midas touch! Ekta Kapoor has the recipe for success (most of the times). Her film, The Dirty Picture , created a national buzz and took Vidya Balan to new Heights. Ekta's also had huge hits like Shootout at Lokhandwala and Once Upon a Time in Mumbaa i. Her Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi was the no.1 show in its time and ruled the TRP rooster. Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii , Kasautii Zindagii Kay , Kahiin To Hoga , Kaahin Kissii Roz and Kkusum followed next making Ekta a name to reckon with in the TV industry.Here's wishing her a very Happy Birthday!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13881296", "title": "When Venus dated Sun", "text": "Arun Kumar's excitement was palpable. He had been waiting for more than two hours to witness the celestial spectacle of a lifetime - the transit of Venus. Kumar , a student of Anna University, said, \"I know that Venus is the brightest planet, but this is the first time I am seeing it.\"The transit of Venus, the last in this century, unfolded in the early morning sky in the city. From the Earth, this phenomenon is seen when Venus passes between the Sun and the Earth. During the transit, Venus is seen as a small black disc moving across the face of the Sun.The event began at 3.39am, but became visible only past sunrise at 5:43am. Scientists, residents and amateur astronomers flocked to the Birla planetarium and Elliot's Beach to watch a dark black spot slide over the Sun's surface. Several people lined up at Elliot's Beach more than two hours before the event began. Enthusiasts, who watched through telescopes and goggles with filters, were enthralled till 10.22am. The excitement was infectious.The last transit of Venus in 2004 was visible across the country . The next such transit is scheduled for 2117, more than 100 years later. S Soundarajaperumal, joint director , Birla Planetarium, said the celestial event gives an opportunity for the astronomers to study light variations and stars. \"Such events also help astronomers to measure the exact distance between the Earth and the Sun,\" he said.D Vijayakumar, president of Tamil Nadu Astronomical Society said, \"There was huge excitements among the public. Students showed keen interest this time around.\" Rajesh P, an IT professional, took a holiday and came to Elliot's Beach. \"I did not want to miss this opportunity. I could clearly see the Venus travelling across the solar disc,\" he said.Dot in the skyDuring the transit, Venus can be seen as a small black disc moving across the face of the SunThe transit of Venus occurs when the planet passes directly between the Sun and the EarthDURATION: At 3:39am, the first sighting of Venus was reported. It became visible only past sunrise at 5.43am in Chennai &amp; lasted until 10.22amThe transit of Venus occurs approximately four times in 243 years. The next such transit is scheduled for 2117Amateur astronomers and residents flocked to Birla Planetarium and Elliot's Beach to watch the spectacle", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13879036", "title": "Poor coordination wasted public money", "text": "New Delhi: For yet another year, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has found irregularities in transactions carried out by the Public Works Department of Delhi government. From incorrect calculation of justified costs translating into huge payments to contractors to failure of officials to keep track of projects, the CAG report makes it clear that public money was wasted at will.One project that highlights the excesses is the improvement of the Outer Ring Road stretch from IIT Gate to NH-8 intersection. The work was awarded to M/s Afcons in 2007 at a cost of Rs 234 crore - 41.97% more than the estimated cost of Rs 164.83 crore. In fact, the contractors profit and over charges (CP&OH;) stood at 37.5 per cent. According to rules, the profit shouldn't exceed 10 per cent. The CAG report says that the tender shouldn't have been accepted at a cost more than Rs 217.77 crore.That's not the only dodgy contract given out by the PWD that was reviewed in the financial year 2010-2011. Work for the construction of an office building near Metcalf House, was awarded twice, after the PWD rescinded the first contract and appointed another contractor, incurring an extra expenditure of Rs 2.21 crore. Interestingly, the CAG report states that the first contract was cancelled despite a court-appointed arbitrator finding PWD responsible for not following the provisions of its own agreement. Not only did the expenditure increase, but the project was also delayed by four years.The most glaring oversight, according to the report, was made in the project of installing escalators at foot-over-bridges (FOBs) at important intersections. The project - which was awarded twice - shows a stark insight into the lack of coordination within the department. While Division F-113 of PWD awarded the work of constructing a grade separator, including FOBs with escalators at the intersection of GT Road and Road No. 56 near Apsara Border to M/s Afcons, another Division - F-114 - also handed over the work for installation of 32 escalators at FOBs, including the Apsara Border project, to M/s Techno Industries. Division F-113 then made a provision for lifts in place of escalators, at the same time that M/s Techno delivered all 32 escalators.Not surprisingly, four escalators were found lying idle till January 2012 by CAG, 17 months after their procurement. Around Rs 1.76 crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "13894373", "title": "Umpire Billy Doctrove announces retirement", "text": "DUBAI: The ICC on Thursday said that Emirates Elite Panel umpire Billy Doctrove has announced his retirement from umpiring and will not be seeking an extension to his contract that expires at the end of this month.Doctrove was due to officiate in the forthcoming ODI and Test series between Sri Lanka and Pakistan, starting in Pallekele from June 7, but has withdrawn from what would have been his last assignment as an elite panelist as he had to return to Dominica due to a family bereavement.As such, the second Test between New Zealand and South Africa in Hamilton in March has turned out to be Doctrove's last appearance as an elite panelist.This brings down the curtain on an outstanding career in top-level umpiring in which the 56-year-old stood in 38 Tests, 112 ODIs and 17 T20Is, including the final of the ICC World Twenty20 2010 between England and Australia in Barbados.Doctrove, born on July 3, 1955 in Marigot (Dominica), made his ODI debut on April 4, 1998 in a match between the West Indies and England in Kingstown, St Vincent, and two years later in Antigua stood in his first Test between the West Indies and Pakistan, a match which the home side won by one wicket.Doctrove was promoted to the Emirates International Panel of ICC Umpires in 2004 before being elevated to the elite panel in April 2006.Reflecting on his decision and career, Doctrove said, \"After much consideration I have informed the selectors of my decision to retire.\"\"It has been an incredible 14 years for me as an international umpire and I have enjoyed every moment of it. It has been a dream journey and to supervise international matches which were played by many great players at iconic venues.\"I am also honoured and privileged to have been part of the transformation process in cricket with the introduction of technology which is now considered as an integral component of international cricket and the introduction of the revolutionary Twenty20 format which has taken cricket to a completely new level,\" Doctrove said.\"It was a highlight to umpire in the ICC World Twenty20 final in Barbados. That was a special and an unforgettable occasion. I am extremely thankful to my family and friends worldwide, for their support and encouragement that they afforded to me during my career.\"I would also like to thank the WICB and the ICC for the many opportunities they provided me to serve this wonderful game,\" he added.In his tribute to Doctrove, Vince Van Der Bijl, ICC Umpires and Referees Manager, said: \"Billy has been an excellent servant of the game and we thank him on behalf of the entire cricket fraternity for his outstanding contribution as an international umpire for 14 years.\"To have remained as one of the game's top officials for that length of time has required Billy to be self-motivated, confident and well respected.\"Billy is a very special man, with strong values, firm beliefs yet with an underlying gentleness and humour, and a great family man -- a wonderful blend.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13878100", "title": "Fishing destination with a shady past", "text": "BANGALORE: Venkatagirikote lake, where six skulls and 25 bones were found, is popular fishing destination. Villagers say it has a shady past. A man was once found murdered and his body dumped in the lake. Recently, two boys from Bangalore drowned there.Fisherman Pilliappa, 45, said he noticed the skulls first at around 7.30am on Wednesday. \"There were six skulls and bones in the plastic cement bag. The bag was open as someone had tried to take out the sari in which the skeletal remains had been placed,\" he said.The bones consisted for six pairs of femur, while most of the rest looked like elbow bones, police said.Top police officials rushed to the spot and recovered skeletal dump. The skulls and bones were sent to Devanahalli government hospital for investigation.SOME BONES WERE CHARREDHours later, in the afternoon, villagers found some more bones and a broken jaw bone a few metres from the spot where the skulls had been found. Some of the bones appeared charred. The villagers said the bones could be remnants of black magic.Police officials said that it was too early to reach any conclusion; they are awaiting the hospital's opinion. \"We received a call at around 10.30am, and our officers reached the spot for inspection. Our suspicion is that some hospital might have tried to dispose of these bones,\" said Sandeep P Kowri, sub-inspector of the the jurisdictional Vijayapura police station.Based on the hospital's opinion, the skulls could be sent to a forensic lab, Kowri addedNO ARCHAEOLOGICAL ANGLEPolice believe the skulls may have no archaeological significance. They quoted doctors as saying that they could be only a year old. Also, the green markings on the skulls raised the possibility of them being used for medical study.\"The bones look a year old and a forensic lab alone can identify the age of the bones and probably the gender. Based on that, we can take the investigation further,\" he said.According to locals, a boy had spotted the skeletal remains in the area on Tuesday. \"The sight scared the boy, who ran away. He told others this morning,\" said Naveen Kumar, a local.Police have registered a case of unnatural death under Section 174C of the CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13878222", "title": "Kitchens, ACs add to 'heat wave' in Writers' Building", "text": "KOLKATA: Some might feel that working in a 200-year-old building is a matter of sheer pride, but it isn't always so. Though the thick columns and high ceilings are meant to make it cooler as compared to newer constructions, ask employees at the Writers' Buildings and they will bust your set notion. A building over 200 years old is not always fun - despite the high ceilings and thick columns that are attributed to keeping old buildings cooler than newer constructions. It can be miserable at times, as some employees of Writers' Buildings have been realising over the past few days due to the unbearable heat.Unable to tolerate the mounting heat, some employees On Wednesday, some ran out of patience, and came out on the verandah with their tables, chairs and files on Wednesday to work. According to an employee of the state judicial department,\"It is as if a fire has broken out. And what do people usually do then at that point? Come out of such a place. That is exactly what we did,\" said an employee of the state judicial department.Apart from getting a gasp of fresh air , It was partly to feel a little bit of the breeze on the verandah, out of the claustrophobic rooms stacked with old files, the move was a kind of silent protest against not being provided with the comfort of ACs. but also to register a token protest for the rooms not having any AC. \"With the heat wave, we are feeling uncomfortable even here, as there is almost a heatwave here. but it is certainly better than the situation inside,\" said another employee, wiping his forehead with a handkerchief.An other employee of the labour department was taken ill due to the heat. fell ill and uncomfortable in the heat.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee while entering Writers' Buildings on Wednesday had advised policemen to avoid the heat and asked them not to stand in the sun. \"Drink cold water again and again,\" she told them.About a month ago, the law and judicial minister Moloy Ghatak had visited the department to see if ACs air-conditioner could be installed, but he felt that the interior of the department needed to be refurbished as haphazardly stashed files and records affected the occupy a major part of the department and air flow is much affected.Writers' employees attributed the discomfort to the growing number of kitchens, thanks to new inclusion of canteens in different parts of Writers' Buildings. The judicial department is adjoining the IRCTC canteen on the first floor, which has many ACs to keep it cool. Moreover, there are several kitchens on the ground floor. , including another IRCTC canteen, as well as several kitchens where food is cooked for other canteens that have been in Writers' for several years. The two IRCTC canteens are recent inclusions.The rooms in Writers' too have gone on reducing in size with more and more space being allotted to different officers and other employees. However, ACs are provided only in terms of seniority, and it is rarely that departments have ACs. It is due to these And thanks to theseACs that there is always an additional \"heat wave\" emanating to these huge number of ACs from every nook and cranny of the building. Many in the information and cultural affairs department have already protested taking out ACs from their blocks. That was in the first spell of this year's summer.So, to bring for a temporary relief the state government is going to install about a dozen of water coolers in different parts of the secretariat, as water on the top floor is very hot and people are turning ill after consuming the water on third floor. Apart from circulating machines and exhausts, . Even the CM's secretariat will have some additional air-conditioners will be set up at the CM's secretariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13878661", "title": "Railway job racket busted, kingpins escape arrest", "text": "KOLKATA: A late night raid at Howrah station helped the Railway Protection Force (RPF) succeeded in bust the inter-state racket involved in fake railway appointments. The racket has been in operation for the past several months and has duped about 20 to 25 youths, mostly hailing from Bihar. An estimated 20-25 unsuspecting youths, most of them from Bihar , are suspected to have been trapped in the web lain by the fraudsters. Each of them paid anything between Rs 3 and 5 lakh for railway jobs that didn't materialize.While four operators were nabbed by the RPF on Tuesday, two of the masterminds, who did not come to the station, are yet to be nabbed. stayed away from the trap at the station and managed to escape.\"Recently, the police in Chinsurah lodged cases against two youths who sought railway jobs with fake appointment letters. The youths claimed that they weren't aware that the appointment letters were fakes and had paid money to somebody in the railways to get jobs. They were innocents who had been roped in by the fraudsters.When he came to know of this, RPF IG and Eastern Railway's chief security commissioner S C Sahu ordered us to take up the matter. An elaborate plan was made and we started searching for leads.We got a lead through the anti-fraud squad in the Asansol Division,\" an RPF officer said.The anti-fraud squad had come across one youth with a fake appointment letter which stated his joining date as June 5, 2012. He was to join the Howrah divisional railway manager's office. On questioning, the youth said that he had already paid Rs 1.5 lakh to the gang and was to pay the remaining 1 lakh at Howrah station on Tuesday. The letter he was carrying was a faxed copy of the original which would be handed over to him at Howrah after he paid the sum settled at.\"A team from the RPF headquarters brought the youth to Kolkata and checked the faxed document. It matched the ones recovered from the two youths in Chinsurah. The subject matter, signatures and rubber-stamps were the same,\"the officer added.We asked the youth from Asansol to meet the fraudsters keep the rendezvous at Howrah station around 11pm on Tuesday. Four persons arrived near the Food Plaza at the designated time and started talking with the youth. This was when the RPF men took them into custody. We found the 'original' fake appointment letter in their possession.They were also carrying 17 to 18 resumes and bank transaction slips. During interrogation, they confessed that they were involved in the racket.The four who were arrested from Howrah have been identified as Jaykissen Singh, a resident of Muzaffarpur who had taken up temporary residence at Behala, Jitendra Kumar Sinha, Purushottam Tiwari and Pratap Kumar Singh.Jaykissen was one of the masterminds and would pose as a railway official to cheat the victims. Jitendra was the broker who roped in the job-seeking youths. Purushottam and Pratap would provide shelter to Jitendra and provide the necessary muscle-power to coerce the youths into paying up.\"The two who managed to escape have been identified as Pappu Kumar, a resident of Patna and Satish Kumar , who hails from Delhi. These two were the main kingpins and used to operate from the Esplanade area of Kolkata. The gang members never used their own bank accounts. They would approach people and request them to accept deposits in their bank accounts and then pay them the money. From their mobile tower locations, we came to know that Pappu and Satish were in the Burrabazar area of Kolkata on Tuesday night when the raid was being carried out at Howrah station,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13883798", "title": "PMC launches drains cleaning drive", "text": "Patna: The water resources development department has started cleaning the biggest drain of the city, the Badsahi drain, from Wednesday. The move is aimed at avoiding the problem of waterlogging during monsoon season.The Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) has also taken the cleaning exercise in other drains in the 109.218 sq km area under its jurisdiction. The urban development department had directed the PMC to finish the cleaning and maintenance job before the monsoon hits the state on June 12. According to a PMC circle officer, \"The underground drains under the PMC measure 1,200km but we don't have the required equipment to clean the entire underground drains. The clogged underground drains lead to waterlogging in several areas.\"The concrete drains (pucca drains) in several areas like Bandar Bagicha, Dak Bungalow, Pataliputra Colony, Gandhi Maidan and Exhibition Road have been cleared in the last week. But the cleaning of underground drains and the kachcha drains are the biggest challenge for the PMC sanitation workers.\"The kachcha drains are chocked with heaps of garbage. Encroachment over drains at several places has diverted the natural flow of water. We are facing a tough time in cleaning such drains,\" said Sukhiya, a sanitation worker.At present, Patna has nine big drains, 460km of pucca drains and 340km of kachcha drains. Cleaning them is a tough job for the sanitation workers as many of the underground drains are located as deep as 15ft. Water from these drains goes to four sewerage treatment plants at Beur, Pahari, Karmalichak and Saidpur. The treated water is discharged into Thanuwa and Badsahi open canals and then it flows into river Punpun. The catch in the system is that all the sewerage treatment plants are virtually defunct and only 15% of the dirty water is treated there.The prevention of waterlogging and uninterrupted discharge of rainwater is ensured through coordinated efforts of various agencies, including the road construction department, rural works department, PMC and Bihar Rajya Jal Parshad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13877217", "title": "Cops on toes as gangwar threat looms large", "text": "New Delhi: After the attack on MLA Bharat Singh, Delhi police commissioner has asked its specialized units to crack down on all major gangs operating in the city. Police fears that with each gang from outer Delhi trying to expand its base, they might use this opportunity to venture into new areas.Crime branch has arrested one Ashwini from Babloo-Ghogha and Neetu-Dabodhia gang. The accused was wanted in a MCOCA case and had been on the run for the past three years. A .315 bore country-made pistol with two live cartridges has been seized from him.\"Ashwini revealed he was an active member of Babloo-Neetu gangs. Other active members of the gang are Amit Ghogha, Surende DabodhaNeeraj Ghogha and Naresh and they are all involved in criminal cases including murder, attempt to murder, dacoity, robbery, extortion etc,'' said additional DCP (crime) Joy Tirkey.In 2006, Ashwini along with other gang members had shot a businessman in Narela in connection with an extortion case. However, Ashwini \u2014 belonging to an affluent family - had been on the run and was declared a proclaimed offender last year.In another case, two history-sheeters and a jeweller were arrested in connection with a robbery in Mahaveer Jewellers in Dilshad Garden. Chaman Lal and Akhlaq Ahmed were nabbed on Tuesday for robbing jewellery, and on his initiation one Dal Chand was also arrested for buying the jewellery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13880827", "title": "Bhopalites get relief from stuffy weather", "text": "BHOPAL: The state capital received a short spell of pre-monsoon drizzle on Wednesday offering much-needed respite to the city reeling under harsh weather conditions for the past two months. Other parts of the state also experienced pre-monsoon activities.The maximum temperature in Bhopal plummeted to 36 degrees Celsius. Across the state, there was a drop of 5 to 6 degrees C in maximum temperature, especially in north MP and Bundelkhand region.Officials of the meteorological department, Bhopal circle, attributed the showers to increased air moisture from the Arabian Sea.There were thundershowers in Bhopal, Gwalior, Damoh, Shajapur and other places on Wednesday.The cloudy conditions also brought down the temperature by a few notches. The maximum and minimum temperature in four cities of Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 40.8 and 23.0 degrees.Bhopal recorded a maximum of 36.1 (-3) degrees against a minimum of 29.7 (+4) degrees C. Indore recorded the maximum temperature at 35.0 (-2) degrees and a minimum of 26.0 (+1) degrees Celsius.Gwalior recorded a maximum of 40.8 (-1) degrees C and the minimum temperature of 23.0 (-5) degrees C. The maximum in Jabalpur was recorded at 40.4 (+1) and a minimum of 29.2 (+2) degrees C.Weathermen expect pre-monsoon showers in most parts of the state on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13876767", "title": "Residents of private colonies oppose house tax by MCG", "text": "GURGAON: The residents of private colonies are opposing to the house tax bills issued by the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) claiming that it doesn't even have jurisdiction in their area. While some residents' welfare associations have approached the court, several residents have written letters to the MCG commissioner to lodge their protest.\"The question is not whether to pay the tax or not. It is a matter of principle. The MCG doesn't provide us any basic amenity like water, sewerage, roads and streetlights. Our colony is still under the control of the private builder who charges maintenance fee for all these services. Why should we pay the house tax then?\" said Rajesh Jaiswal, president of Green Ville residents' welfare association. The house tax notice has asked the residents to pay with effect from 2008, even though last week the state government stated that property tax should be collected from 2010. The MCG, on the other hand, is in no hurry to resolve the issue.\"We have already asked the state government to begin the process of transferring the jurisdiction over private colonies from HUDA and department of town and country planning to the MCG. But we will soon look into the complaints filed by the residents,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13880088", "title": "Panicked upper Assam villagers on spider-killing spree", "text": "GUWAHATI: Arachnophobia has gripped the residents of Chaulkhowa Nagaon village and adjoining areas in Sadiya subdivision of Assam's Tinsukia district even as experts are trying to dispel the fear that the recent death of two persons in the same hamlet was not due to spider bites. \"Whenever I spot spider, I kill it. The creature has instilled deep fear within me,\" said Urvashi Gogoi, a resident of Sadiya.Ratul Rajkhowa, entomologist and general secretary of Zoological Society of Assam, however, said: \"Assam has no spider species whose bites have proved fatal to humans yet. Rajkhowa is worried that killing of spider would cause damage to the ecosystem. \"There is no spider species in entire northeast whose bites are fatal to humans. Such killing has to be stopped through massive awareness campaign. Otherwise it is going to have impact on the local ecosystem,\" Rajkhowa said.R R Tariang, assistant professor of zoology at Digboi College, has categorically said that even bites of tarantula species found in Tinsukia and its adjoining districts have not been found fatal to humans. Tariang has also termed the killing unjustified. \"Even bites of tarantula species discovered in Sivsagar by a British zoologist in 1877 and the Sadiya yellow-brown tarantula discovered in 1900 are not fatal to humans,\" Tariang said, adding all 10 persons who were bitten by spider last month have survived.Health officials, entomologists and zoologists investigating the death of two persons have however ruled out that the two persons - one 52-year old Purnakanta Buragohain and Class X student Rituraj Gogoi-died of spider bites. The family members cremated the bodies before autopsies were conducted on the two bodies. \"In case of death of two persons our prime suspect is snake bite. Those who were bitten by spiders developed some allergy and were cured after treatment,\" deputy superintendent of Sadiya Civil Hospital, Atul Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13880707", "title": "Registration for bachelor in engineering courses from today", "text": "BHOPAL: The registration for the 2012-13 session of bachelor in engineering (BE) courses will start from Thursday.According to the directorate of technical education (DTE), the registration will be held on the basis of the marks secured by students in the pre-engineering test (PET). Students can register online from MP Online kiosks and from the dtempcounselling.org, according to a government spokesman.The registration fee for all categories will be Rs 430, including Rs 30 non-refundable fee. Students have been asked to take the receipt after online registration. The schedule for documents verification, choice of college and others will be announced later, the spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13879254", "title": "Ajit Singh backs Pranab Mukherjee for President", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after meeting Congress President Sonia Gandhi, the RLD chief and civil aviation minister Ajit Singh on Wednesday described finance minister Pranab Mukherjee as a \"qualified\" candidate for the post of President but said his views on others were equally positive.\"The finance minister is qualified for President. My views are positive on him, but my views are positive on others as well\", Singh said after a meeting with home minister P Chidambaram over the issue of forthcoming presidential poll.Maintaining that the UPA chairperson should take a final call, Singh said Sonia Gandhi would take a decision on the candidate of Presidential poll in consultations with UPA allies.The RLD chief is learnt to have discussed the issue with Gandhi on Tuesday.Besides discussing issues concerning presidential election with Chidambaram, the RLD chief also discussed with him matters concerning providing OBC status to the Jat community for getting jobs in Central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13877569", "title": "Ahmedabad set to lose two cricket nurseries", "text": "AHMEDABAD: All of Ahmedabad's prominent cricketers have spent their early days, honing their skills at two of the city's best-known grounds at MG Science College and LM College of Pharmacy in the Gujarat University area. These two huge open spaces will, however, soon be replaced with buildings housing educational institutes under the recently-founded Ahmedabad University (AU).AU plans to build two buildings on the grounds, spread over 25 acre of prime land. To begin with, a three-storied structure for a communication and technology institute will come up at the LM college ground. On the MG Science College ground, AU plans to build a plaza with an auditorium for 2,000 people.\"We will ensure that sports-lovers get better facilities at a modern sports complex that we are building in the same area,\" said Prafull Anubhai, member of the governing council of Ahmedabad Education Society (AES), which runs AU. The educational trust, however, plans to retain the two other grounds on the campuses of HL Commerce College and LD Arts College.But, for the cricket lovers, the loss of the two grounds where about 2,000 kids practise everyday will be a big loss. As it is, there are only eight cricket grounds in western Ahmedabad, including Sardar Patel stadium in Navrangpura.MS Qureshi, 68, who has been coaching city's budding cricketers since 1977, says the loss will be irreparable. \"Almost every known cricketer in Gujarat has played on this ground. Where will the kids go now?\" he asks.Kalpesh Patdiwala, a former Ranji player and a coach at LM college ground, says the two grounds hosted at least 100 matches of various Gujarat Cricket Association tournaments every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13879167", "title": "Mercury to dip in two or three days: Met", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: There was no respite from the sweltering heat for residents of Bhubaneswar on Wednesday with the city recording 46.6 degree Celsius. This was 10 degrees above normal. The capital city recorded 46.7 degree Celsius on Tuesday.The weathermen forecast that the heat wave condition would continue on Thursday in some parts of the state, including Bhubaneswar, even as the south west monsoon has hit Kerala and conditions were favourable for further advancement of the monsoon.\"We are expecting pre-monsoon showers and a drop in temperature within next two or three days. If conditions are favourable, the south-west monsoon would hit by end of second week of this month (June 10 to 15),\" said Sarat Chandra Sahu, director of local meteorological centre here.The weathermen attributed the sharp rise in temperature to the absence of sea breeze, clear sky condition, westerly pattern of wind and dry soil condition. With mercury in the city hovering over 46 degree Celsius, it gave a burning feeling to the people and roads in the city wore a deserted look. Several areas have also experienced severe power cut and drinking water crisis.The sunstroke death toll confirmed by the state government in the state stood at 30 while unofficially the number of allegations went up to 123. Other parts of the state also sizzled under the blistering heat. Bhubaneswar and Talcher recorded the day's highest, followed by Chandbali with 46.5 degree Celsius and Sonepur experiencing 46 degree Celsius. Besides, there were at least eight places in the state where mercury crossed 44 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13881581", "title": "Activist's allegation of discrimination of Muslim students in Gujarat school sparks row", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Advisory Board for Education (CABE) saw some fireworks after social activist Shabnam Hashmi's controversial remark that minorities were being discriminated against in Gujarat schools drew the ire of the state education minister. As the debate threatened to turn acrimonious, HRD minister Kapil Sibal intervened asking Hashmi to send him evidence of such discriminatory practices.Hashmi, a newly-appointed CABE member, on Tuesday said, \"After 2002 there have been instances when minority students have been struck off the school rolls and there are some schools where children from minority communities do not get admission.\" She was speaking at a discussion on implementation of Right to Education (RTE) in states. The CABE meeting included educationists, directors and vice-chancellors from various universities, state education ministers and officials and HRD minister and officials.No sooner had she finished that Gujarat education minister Ramanlal Vora retorted, ``Gujarat has 32,000 primary schools. You cannot speak like this...please name the schools....''Sensing that the situation could get acrimonious Sibal, who was chairing the meeting, pacified Vora and Hashmi to send him the names of the schools. ``If there are cases of discrimination, we will look into it,'' he assured both. Hashmi later said that she would send the names and photographs of schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "amritsar/ludhiana", "code": "13897341", "title": "Operation Blue star 28th anniversary: Khalistan slogans raised, death row convict \"honoured\"", "text": "AMRITSAR/LUDHIANA: Amidst separatist slogans and \"honouring\" of death row convict Balwant Singh Rajoana, the 28th anniversary of Operation Bluestar to flush out militants from Sikh holy shrine the Golden Temple, was observed at Akal Takht on Wednesday, the highest temporal seat, an event from which Punjab's ruling Shiromani Akali Dal kept away.The event passed off peacefully. To mark the occasion, bricks for a controversial memorial for those who were killed in the operation by security forces were laid by the five Sikh head priests along with Jatehedar Akal Takht Gyani Gurbachan Singh and SGPC President Avtar Singh Makkar.Punjab Deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal distanced himself and the state government from construction of the Operation Blue Star memorial in Amritsar by radical Sikhs while Congress warned him against \"playing with peace\" in the state.The Operation Blue Star was launched by the army on this day in 1984 to flush out holed-up Sikh militants led by their leader Jarnail Singh Bhindrawale who was killed along with his associates in the Golden Temple.The family members of Bhindrawale were also honoured by Jatehdar Akal Takht.SGPC and Jatehdar Akal Takht conferred the title of 'living martyr' to Balwant Singh Rajona who has been convicted for killing former Punjab chief minister Beant Singh and sentenced to death, a punishment upheld by the Supreme Court also.The title was received by Kamaldeep Kaur, sister of Rajoana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13899312", "title": "French Open semifinals schedule", "text": "Women's semifinal June 7, 2012 (Thursday) Samantha Stosur (AUS) vs Sara Errani (ITA) June 7, 2012 (Thursday) Petra Kvitova (CZE) vs Maria Sharapova (RUS) Men's semifinal June 8, 2012 (Friday) Novak Djokovic (SRB) vs Roger Federer (SUI) June 8, 2012 (Friday) David Ferrer (ESP) vs Rafael Nadal (ESP)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13879804", "title": "Madurai youth killed by co-workers in Dubai", "text": "MADURAI: A 26-year-old youth from Madurai working in Dubai has been killed in a clash with fellow workers.The death of the youth came to light only after his parents started making enquiries as he failed to telephone them as usual. Rajesh, son of Rajendran from Keelavalavu near Melur in Madurai, was allegedly stabbed to death and his body dumped in a public place. Police said the youth's family had been making arrangements for his marriage and was set to return home on June 10.\"We have not yet received any complaint from the relatives. Only then we could take up the case with our higher ups and gather more information from the officials,'' said a police official.Rajesh had left for Dubai few years ago as one of his relatives was working there. After landing there, he joined a construction company as a labourer involved in erecting steel frames for buildings. However, s few months ago he left the company to join another firm as there were no Tamil speaking co-workers there.Rajesh used to telephone his parents once every week. But last week he failed to call them up. Even as the parents were anxiously waiting for his call, his relative Raja telephoned Rajesh's brother Ragupandi a day ago and informed that Rajesh was murdered.\"Raja told me that Rajesh was murdered by a group of co-workers from India in a clash. The police there have registered a case and are investigating. We do not know the motive for the murder,'' Ragu pandi told reporters in Madurai.Ragupandi too had worked in Dubai in the past and hence he telephoned some of his friends and enquired about the incident. \"They confirmed about the clash and the murder. But they were also not aware of the motive,'' he said.Only a few days back the family decided to get Rajesh married and were making arrangements for it. Rajesh was supposed to come to India on June 10, Ragu Pandi said.Now the shocked family members are hoping that the state and central government would expedite the process of bringing the body to India. eom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13875757", "title": "Crime on the rise in Yavatmal district", "text": "YAVATMAL: From chain snatching to eve-teasing and theft of huge sums, the crime graph of Yavatmal district is on the rise. In the latest incident, five bulls were stolen from the farm of Digras MLA Sanjay Rathod.Thieves broke into five houses in Chandore Nagar on Yavatmal-Dhamangaon Road and decamped with valuables. They even stole Rs 5 lakh from a bag containing Rs 16 lakh belonging to an Arni based grain merchant Qayyum Mohammad Bailim. The bag was cut when the trader was getting into a crowded bus for Arni.In a recent incident, a young girl was kidnapped by two youths on a motorbike and taken to a nearby jungle where she was molested. Her loud cries for help came handy as passersby rescued her.Most eve teasing cases are not reported to protect the reputation of the family. Morning walkers are also facing threat from chain snatchers and eve teasers.MLA Rathod said that in the wee hours of Tuesday, a matador stopped in front of his cattle shed. The occupants stepped out and rushed to the cattle shed. They untied five bulls and loaded them in the vehicle and escaped with the booty.Rathod went to the Wadgaon police and lodged a complaint. The police registered a criminal offence against the unidentified thieves.Rathod then called up SP Ranjankumar Sharma and urged him to take action. The bulls were valued at Rs 2 lakh. 'We have sent special teams to different places to track the absconding thieves,\" said Sharma.Meanwhile, a fan theft was also reported by one Moreshwar Shravan Bhoyar who works at CEO Naval Kishor Ram's office.The Yavatmal bus stop has become a haven for miscreants and thieves despite a constable being on duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13875853", "title": "Not that big fat Indian wedding this time for Nitin Gadkari's son", "text": "NAGPUR: By all available accounts, BJP president Nitin Gadkari's younger son Sarang's wedding in city later this month may not be that typical big fat Indian wedding after all. While the stress will be on simplicity and tradition, the event will also be short on celebrity presence that was witnessed in abundance at elder son Nikhil's marriage three years ago when 43 chartered flights carrying VIPs had landed in the city for the occasion.Sarang is marrying classmate Madhura Rodi on June 24. They studied together at a private engineering college in the city where Madhura has also been teaching for some time. But it is more of an arranged marriage. Daughter of chartered accountant Dilip Rodi, her otherwise discreet Facebook home page is a give away as it carries a picture of the senior Gadkari granting the 'politician' a 'like.'The knot will be tied at a traditional function among close relatives and friends at Rajwada Hall off Gadhisagar lake. The same venue was chosen for Nikhil's wedding too. Unlike the elder sibling's grand reception party held at VCA Club, Jamtha on Wardha road, Sarang's party in the city will be held on June 26 at Empress City's IT Tower.Sources inform that around 20,000 invites would be distributed in the next few days in the city. The Empress City venue was a surprise and could have been chosen because of easy access for guests, mainly from east Nagpur where Gadkari grew up from a struggling party worker to national president of the BJP.However, Nagpur's loss on the celebrity quotient will be Delhi's gain. Gadkari is throwing a VIP party at Hotel Ashoka on July 2 in New Delhi. Most of the politicians, industry, business icons and Bollywood friends like the Big B may prefer the Delhi party to bless the newlyweds, said sources close to Gadkari.\"That will be a respite for Nagpur mediapersons who will be spared of keeping a tab on VIP planes and guests attending the party here which will be more of a local affair,\" said a Gadkari staffer.Asked if the Empress City venue would be too cramped for the big party, an executive said: \"The IT Tower has huge multiple halls with over 70,000 square feet of space. Except for the market on the street outside which will have to be cleared for the day, there is a separate entrance for the tower and it has ample parking space to accommodate a couple of thousand cars. The newly built halls will be decorated by artisans from outside the city. Right now electrical fixtures are being fixed. But real work to prepare for the party should start next week,\" she said.\"What is praiseworthy about Gadkari is that he despite acquiring a high profile as a politician and as an entrepreneur with interests is sugar factories, power plants he has approved a match for his son from a conservative Maharashtrian Brahmin family. The elder daughter-in-law is also from a very humble background. This should ensure further family bonding and peace of mind for the leader,\" observed a social activist who has watched Gadkari ascendancy from close quarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13877387", "title": "NRI couple cheated of Rs 1.27 crore, accused held", "text": "JAIPUR: A London-based NRI couple was cheated of Rs 1.27 crore after a local land dealer allured them with good returns for their investment in real estate. However, the accused, identified as Surendra Sharma, was arrested by Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) police station on Wednesday.According to the police, one Gurnam Kaur, wife of Brijpal Singh (58), a resident of London , had registered a complaint at the police station stating that they had constructed a house at Shiv Shakti Nirman Nagar in 2007 after paying Rs 90 lakh to one Surendra Sharma.\"The accused, during this deal, managed to win the confidence of the couple. Later the couple told him that they want to invest in real estate in Jaipur,\" said a senior police officer.Surendra then offered them a deal in which he promised 50% return on their investment in real estate.\"To start with, the couple gave Rs 1.27 crore to Surendra, out of which Rs 1.14 crore were paid through cheque. Till August 2010 the couple did not get neither returns of their money nor the principal amount. When the couple till their last visit in February 2012 failed to recover the money and all their attempts to trace and find Surendra gone in vain, they lodged a case with JDA police station,\" said the officer.\"During the interrogation, he confessed that he knew that the couple used to visit Jaipur once in a year. Thus he thought of never returning back the money to them,\" said the officer. The accused was produced before a local court and is sent to police custody for two days.The JDA police have also intimated the victim about the arrest and she told police that she will return to Jaipur in November 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13898460", "title": "Planning Commission toilet at Cabinet meeting!", "text": "NEW DELHI: High-profile toilets built by Planning Commission at an estimated cost of Rs 35 lakh has caught the fancy of ministers who appear keen to use it.The issue of Rs 35 lakh toilet came before the start of the Cabinet meeting on Thursday as many ministers showed their keenness to have access to the swanky toilets.One senior Cabinet minister asked for the smart card after seeing Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia. \"You are in a queue,\" the minister was told and the banter was followed with laughter.The Planning Commission, mandated to keep a watchful eye on expenses incurred by states and central ministries, found it hard on Wednesday to justify spending Rs 35 lakh of public money on renovation of two toilets at its headquarters, Yojana Bhavan.The commission, under attack for wasting a large sum of public money in constructing swanky toilets at a time when the UPA top brass is preaching austerity measures to revive the sagging economy, termed it as a routine maintenance and upgrade work, and argued that it was \"unfortunate\" to call it a wasteful expenditure.Main opposition BJP slammed the UPA government for talking austerity and engaging in wasteful expenditure.While distancing itself from the controversy, Congress sought to disapprove of any wastage of public money. \"Government funds needed to be spent carefully as it is public money. As far as the question of the two toilets, we do not have information. You better ask the Planning Commission,\" party spokesman Rashid Alvi said while parrying the pointed question.It was surprising for many that Plan panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia himself came out to defend the expenditure, saying it was within the commission's budget and there was nothing wrong in renovation of the toilets.The reports of wanton expenses raised eyebrows within the commission as well. Even some members of the Commission found it hard to agree with the huge expenditure. \"The expenditure seems to be too exorbitant,\" said a member, while seeking an inquiry.But, the deputy chairman defended the move, saying, \"There is nothing wrong. We have tried to clean up the facilities. If the buildings are being improved, I think this is good.\"He further clarified that that there was no restriction on the usage of the toilets. \"There is no restriction on the usage of the toilets that have been renovated. It is the CPWD that decides on this, we just place the requirement numbers,\" Ahluwalia said. \"This is a 50-year-old building. The work is done by CPWD. All the toilets at the Planning Commission are being upgraded,\" he added.(With PTI inputs)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13883113", "title": "Pistol to kill sis-in-law, admits arrested man", "text": "PANCHKULA: A man arrested five days ago in Sector 12, Panchkula, with a country-made pistol, Jai Bhagwan of Sonipat, confessed to the Panchkula police that he had bought the weapon to kill his sister-in-law.\"He said he had bought the pistol to kill his sister-in-law because she is involved in an extra-marital affair,\" said Panchkula CIA in-charge Karmavir Singh.Jai Bhagwan was arrested on June 2 with a country-made pistol and a live cartridge.He had been living in a rented accommodation in the city for past one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13882958", "title": "DM forms panels for civic elections", "text": "VARANASI: District magistrate Samir Verma has constituted committees comprising members drawn from Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN), Ramnagar Palika Parishad (RPP) and Gangapur Nagar Panchayat (GNP) to ensure proper implementation of model code of conduct during the civic elections. The committees would function under the DM. The SSP, municipal commissioner, ADM (civil supplies), superintending engineers of PWD, state and construction divisions, executive engineers of urban electricity distribution divisions, SDMs and executive officers of RPP and GNP would be the members.The VNN level committee would work under ADM city MP Singh while SDM Sadar and tehsildar Sadar would lead the committees at RPP and GNP respectively. Verma made it clear that ensuring proper implementation of model code of conduct as prescribed by the state election commission for the local body elections would be the responsibility of all the officials included in the committees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "13883303", "title": "Sweeper alleges sexual abuse by supervisor", "text": "SIRSA: A woman sweeper of the municipal council on Wednesday accused an assistant sanitary inspector of the civic body of sexual abuse for the past three years. The incident came to light when the victim, accompanied by co-workers, met the superintendent of police, who has ordered a probe.In her complaint, the 38-year-old victim had elaborated the incidents when she was subjected to sexual abuse. She also accused Vidya Dhar, assistant sanitary inspector, of threatening her with dire consequences.Vidya Dhar, however, denied the allegations, saying, \"Allegations against me are baseless and I am ready to face any kind of investigation or test.''SP Devender Yadav said, \"Yes, workers of municipal council visited the office and gave me a complaint letter. Police will check the matter. If found guilty, police will take action against the accused.\"Earlier, high drama prevailed when sweepers staged a protest in the SP office here. It was only after the agitating sweepers raised anti-police and anti-civic body slogans, their representatives, along with the victim, were called by the SP for an interaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13887593", "title": "Rahman to make music for Dhanush", "text": "The maestro will compose the music for Raanjhna, a film that is based in Varanasi and stars Sonam Kapoor and the Kolaveri starHis track Kolaveri Di became the national youth anthem. And thus, as far as music was concerned, the expectations from Dhanush's first Hindi venture were a little higher than usual. To live up to them, the makers have now roped in AR Rahman to compose the music for the Dhanush-Sonam Kapoor starrer Raanjhna .Confirming the news, director Aanand Rai told us, \"Rahman will compose the music of Raanjhna . I am very excited to work with him. He is brilliant with romantic tracks. This story needs to be told in a certain manner. And who can do it better than the maestro.\"According to a source, it was Aanand who presented the script to Rahman. \"Rahman selects his projects very carefully. This film is a love story and Aanand wanted the maestro on board,\" added the source.Rahman who had composed the music of Imtiaz Ali's project Rockstar (2011) and Gautham Menon's Ekk Deewana Tha (2012), is currently working on Yash Chopra's untitled next starring Shah Rukh Khan, Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma . He has several Hollywood and regional projects lined up as well. The film is based in Varanasi and certain portions of the film have already been shot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13882470", "title": "Soap Sante now in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: After touring Bangalore, Tumkur, Kolar, Davangere and some other cities, Soap Sante has now entered Hubli.The Sante, organized by the Karnataka Soaps and Detergents Limited (KSDL), will be held for a week from June 7 to June 13 at Gujarat Bhavan, Deshpande Nagar in Hubli, said Shivananda Naik, chairman of KSDL.District minister Jagadish Shettar will inaugurate the event. All 38 products of KSDL will available at the Sante, at a reasonable price, he said. \"Soap Sante received overwhelming response in Bangalore and other cities. In Hubli it is expected to fetch Rs 30 to 40 lakh business,\" he said.Along with Mysore Sandal Soap, many other products like New Mysore Sandal Millennium soap, talcum power and detergent soaps will be available at the Sante. KSDL has tied up with Bharath Petroleum, Indian Oil Corporation, and other companies to promote the products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13882934", "title": "Work under way for Sec-17 plaza\u2019s extension", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Work on municipal corporation's plan of extending the Sector 17 plaza area is underway. The area that is being focused on, extends from beneath the bridge right up to Madhya Marg. The MC wants that the crowd should not just be concentrated in front of Neelam theatre but should spread out in the plaza area. To attract people to the other areas, three more fountains are proposed.Various activities in this direction will be carried out by the MC in a phased manner. Three pools and fountains are being planned in the plaza area. One of the fountains would be close to general post office (GPO) and the other two will be in the area starting from the Punjab jail office right up to Madhya Marg.Right now the area near the general post office is being developed. The plaza area also includes the space lying vacant near the Canadian embassy and near the DC office. Work related to the laying of paver blocks is in the process, while a lane of pavi titles is also being laid for the benefit of the handicapped, though other pedestrians too can use it.As the plaza is a huge area, there will be green patches also along with the landscaping.This whole area is not one single stretch, so steps are being laid along with ramps at three different points.Greenery will not be compromised at all and one will see potted plants at various places. A senior MC official said that they wanted to extend the plaza area so that people could enjoy the beauty of the whole sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13876509", "title": "Delay drives up metro rail cost to 20K crore", "text": "HYDERABAD: Plagued by delays, the cost of the Hyderabad metro rail project has escalated to Rs 20,000 crore and is increasing by Rs 5 crore for each day lost. The present estimate is over three times the original outlay of Rs 6,200 crore, drawn up when the project was conceived in 2006.And, sources believe that the Rs 20,000 crore figure, too, is bound to rise sharply as there is no indication as to when the project would be taken up in right earnest. Needless to say, the burden of the increased cost will be recovered - indirectly - from the exchequer or through high fares for the passengers.The project can properly kick off only from what is known in technical parlance as the 'Appointed Date'. This date can be declared only after the government is able to give Right of Way to contractor Larsen &amp; Toubro.For those who came in late, Right of Way means that L&T; can work unhindered on the project. However, for that to happen, the government first needs to complete the process of land acquisition for the project, which has been caught up in legal hurdles.As per the agreement with L&T;, the contractor has to complete the project within five years of the Appointed Date.Sources say that the government wants to fix an Appointed Date even though the process of land acquisition is incomplete. However, L&T; is unwilling to proceed unless it gets Right of Way. Delay in the declaration of the Appointed Date, or the official commencement of the Metro Rail project, has forced L&T; to revise its plans for incurring loans from banks.In a letter to the Hyderabad Metro Rail Ltd on Tuesday, L&T; said that if the Appointed Date is declared this month, then the first stage of the project - the 8km stretch between Nagole and Mettiguda on Corridor 3 - will be operational by April 2015.As per the concession agreement signed between the state government, L&T; and the Hyderabad Metro Rail Ld (HMRL) on September 4, 2010, the work had to start on March 3, 2011, with the banks supposed to have disbursed loans in accordance with the withdrawal plan and the progress of the work. Now, with the original plan mired in problems, L&T; has to submit a revised blueprint, which the authorities are presently working on.\"The banks want us to submit a revised plan for loan withdrawal given the delay in commencement of works due to which we were not able to take on the loan. We will submit the revised plan in a week's time and, thereafter, the project will be fast-tracked,\" Vivek Gadgil, chief executive and managing director of L&T; Metro Rail (Hyderabad), told TOI.However, without the declaration first of an 'Appointed Date', the revised plan will be of little help as the banks are bound to insist on a fixed starting point which would allow them to calculate the deadline for the project.\"Some factors are in our hands and some are in the hands of the government. You have to ask them why there is a delay in the declaration of the Appointed Date,\" Gadgil said. He added that depot construction work was on in full swing at Miyapur and Nagole while recasting jobs for viaducts and the erection of piers, too, were underway.Gadgil said that L&T; had spent over Rs 500 crore on the project since the signing of the concession agreement on September 4, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13879256", "title": "Regal innings: Kochi royal family members celebrates 100th birthday", "text": "KOCHI: For the first time in the history of the Kochi royal family, the Kalikotta Palace witnessed the 100th birthday celebrations of a valiyathampuran (senior most male member of the clan), on Wednesday.Representatives from almost all the royalty in Kerala, including Travancore, Zamorin, Kodungalloor, Kilimanoor, Poonjar, Haripad, Panthalam and Mavelikkara, attended the birth centenary celebrations of Rama Varma Kochaniyan Thampuran, the present valiyathampuran.The rituals started in the morning with the ceremonial honouring of elderly Brahmins at Valiyamma Thampuran Kovilakam Naalukettu. His two younger sisters, Eswari Thampuran and Hymavathy Thampuran, and his nephews and nieces participated in these rituals.Meanwhile, all preparations had been made at the Kalikotta Palace to honour the representatives of other royal families in Kerala. Valiyathampuran along with Manku Thampuran (the senior most female member) first received Godavarma Raja, the valiyathampuran of the Kodungalloor Kovilakam. The representatives of other families then greeted Rama Varma Kochaniyan Thampuran.Speaker G Karthikeyan, representing the state government, draped a ponnada around valiyathampuran. Many dignitaries, including K P C Narayanan Bhattathiripad, Ashtavaidhyan Neelakantan Moosu, professor M Leelavathy, M G S Naryanan and Dr C K Ramachandran were there to wish him. By 11am valiyathampuran and his wife, the 91-year-old Sarada Mani, joined others in the birthday feast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13875728", "title": "Over 35000 students left in the lurch without seats in Class XI", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Shortage of plus one seats in the district has put the fate of more than half of the students who passed the SSLC exam this year in a quandary. A total of 70,233 students had applied for admission in various schools across the district for plus one under the single window admission system. But the district has only 35,071 plus one seats to spare.Out of the total 51,320 seats, 16,249 seats have been earmarked for direct admission. This includes 8,125 seats for management quota and the remaining for community quota. This implies that more than 18,000 students in the district will have to depend on open schools for their higher studies.Almost all schools in the district have already completed the admission process to the management quota seats. The remaining seats in the direct admission category would be filled only after the completion of the second allotment process.A total of 68,840 SSLC students had qualified for higher studies in the district. But the higher secondary schools have only 13,643 seats in science stream, 9,373 seats in humanities, and 12,055 seats in commerce. CBSE students too have applied for plus one admission in state schools.K Jayakumar, regional deputy director of higher secondary education, Kozhikode, said the state government has to take final decision to increase the seats for plus one courses. \"There was a decision last year to increase seats in all districts but even after the completion of the first allotment process, there is no such move this year,\" he said.However the trial allotment list, which was to be published on Wednesday, is yet to appear on official website of the education department. Sources said the list is likely to be published late on Wednesday evening.After the list is put out, students can change their option of schools and courses as per the trial allotments. The first allotment list would be published on June 14 and the second and third allotments would be published in the following days. The classes would commence on June 28 and the admission process would be completed by August 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877722", "title": "Drunk driver slips out of lock-up, nabbed by locals", "text": "MUMBAI: A drunk driver rammed his light commercial vehicle into two parked cars, including one belonging to actor Jeetendra's niece, in Bandra on Wednesday and later escaped from the police lock-up before being nabbed by passersby.\"The accused, Santraj Mayatta Purnali, has been booked for rash driving, drunk driving and assaulting a public servant as he had pushed a policeman while trying to flee from the station,\" said additional commissioner of police (west region) Vishwas Nagre-Pati.The incident took place around 12 noon when Jeetendra's niece Aparna Kapoor went to a gym off Turner Road. Kapoor's driver had parked her Honda Civic when Purnali rammed his tempo into her car after hitting another sedan whose owner had a narrow escape.Kapoor's driver informed the police, following which cops arrived at the spot and took Purnali to the police station. Purnali was reportedly agitated and violent and kept insisting that he was not at fault. As cops smelt alcohol on his breath, they handcuffed him and took him to Bhabha Hospital for a medical examination. They brought Purnali back to the Bandra police station and put him in the station lock-up.As the cops and complainants were busy completing the formalities, Purnali coolly walked out of the lock-up with the handcuff dangling from one of his wrists. He tried to cover his face by pretending to talk on mobile.As Purnali was walking away, Kapoor's driver spotted him from the window and raised an alarm. Passersby chased Purnali and caught him and handed him over to a constable. Purnali will be produced in court on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13898940", "title": "UP to launch foetus insurance cover scheme", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government has decided to provide insurance Rs one lakh cover to foetus or unborn babies of pregnant women.Called \"Jananishree\", the scheme will start under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). The aim of the scheme is to promote institutional deliveries as only those women will get the benefit who will deliver babies in government hospital or a recognised private hospital.According to medical and health department officials, that the state government has made all the necessary arrangements required to implement the scheme. In fact, Rs 50 crore have already been earmarked for the scheme. The draft of the scheme has been sent to the Central government for approval. It will be implemented as soon as Centre grants approval. Officials said that scheme will help in checking neonatal and maternal deaths because it will motivate people to go for institutional deliveries. The neonatal and maternal mortality rate is less in deliveries done in hospitals in comparison to household.A section of experts, however, did not agree with the officials. They said that incentive should be to give money to the women who go for institutional delivery as it is in case of Janani Surakha Yojna (JSY), already being run under NRHM. The government can increase the amount of Rs 14,00 given under JSY to the women who deliver babies in government hospitals. Experts also warned about misuse of the scheme. \"In the state where female foeticide is assumed a menacing proportion, the insurance cover scheme can lead to a situation where people will kill daughters after birth for the insurance money,\" said Dr Shashi Kumar, an activist.However, government officers said that in case of institutional, health staff will keep a track record of the child after birth, hence it would be impossible for people to kill the baby. \"It would be figured out easily whether the neonatal has been killed or has died due to some disease or any other factor,\" they said and added \"\"We will also monitor how parents are taking care of the baby after birth. The benefit will not be given in case of death of the baby due to negligence or unnatural death.\"But Activists argued that given the rampant corruption in the health department, as we have seen in the Rs 5000 crore NRHM scam, the chances are high that health staff will not report the true cause of death of the baby. The killer parent in connivance with the health staff may siphon off the money, they said.According to estimates, around 500 female foeticide cases take place in UP every day, which means 1.5 lakh unborn girls are killed every year in the state. UP's child sex ratio (0-6 years age group) as per Census 2011 is 899, a drop of 17 points in comparison to 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13877125", "title": "Traffic police to map parking space in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time, the city traffic police have commissioned a special study to map possible parking spaces in Ahmedabad - especially in areas where parking can be made free. The study will also determine where to introduce parking fees and where to ban parking completely.With the ever-increasing incidents of brawls over parking space, police anticipate a law-and-order problem. The study is being conducted for a joint exercise that the traffic police want to take up with the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) in the coming days.The scope of the study includes the identification of spaces where there can be off- and on-road parking, and the creation of special parking space for autorickshaws along arterial roads. \"Autorickshaw drivers will remain a huge nuisance on the roads if we do not fix proper locations for them,\" says a senior AMC official. \"Only after fixing the space will we be able to police rickshaw drivers.\"Among some of the suggestions on parking fees were that parking at the centre of the city should be costlier than parking in the periphery as the land values were different. Variable pricing on hourly basis during peak hours and lower prices during off-peak period has been recommended. Variable parking fee is recommended based on the size and type of the vehicle - larger the vehicle, higher the fee. The increase in tariff for the number of hours parked will be cumulative with an increase with every hour parked.City traffic police DCP S M Khatri told TOI, \"We are first identifying spots where one can park vehicles. Based on this data and vehicular and human densities, the traffic police and the AMC will together decide parking zones.\"It is worth mentioning here that AMC has already submitted a copy of its parking policy to the Union ministry of urban development as part of the JNNURM conditions.AMC had also begun a survey of commercial vehicles parked on city roads which blocked traffic in March this year. AMC officials said that commercial vehicles - including private luxury buses, and oil and water tankers - were parked throughout the day on city roads. AMC will introduce hefty fine for such unauthorized parking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13880811", "title": "Goodbye summer, monsoon on course", "text": "BHOPAL: Arrival of monsoon in Kerala, delayed by four days though, has laid to rest fears about rains hitting the state late. Officials of the meteorological department, Bhopal circle, say the monsoon is expected to hit the state on time this year.\"A slight delay in monsoon in Kerala is no indicator that it would get delayed in the state MP. We are expecting a first spell of monsoon showers in the state by June 20,\" meteorological director DP Dubey says, adding the pre-monsoon activity has already started in the state.The path of monsoon is also not fixed. Depending on conditions, a system can either enter from the direction of the Arabian Sea or from the Bay of Bengal, the officials added.\"It would be too early to confirm which side the monsoon would arrive as there is no strong system visible on any of the two coastlines. The monsoon has so far covered the western coast. The condition is expected to get clear in a day or two,\" the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13876592", "title": "HUDA demolishes 4 shops on green belt", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has demolished four shops that were illegally built on the green belt near Ramada hotel in Sector 45. The civic agency has also seized the construction material that was being sold in these shops.\"The shopkeepers had been informed about the encroachment but they were not willing to close down. We have seized all the stock,\" said Servesh Joon, head of the demolition of squad. A list of such illegal shops has been drawn and we will act against all of them. Refusing to divulge the details, a senior official said: \"The idea is to remove encroachments from the green belt because these shops are causing traffic jams,\" said a HUDA official. The team also visited Q block of South City where it found the dividing road being blocked illegally.\"The barrier was taken down by HUDA officials as no road can be closed by locals,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13880473", "title": "Economic offences wing arrests seven for cheating investors", "text": "NASHIK: Seven persons of Jaipur Gold Sukh Trade India Ltd were arrested by the economic offences wing (EOW) of the city police commissionerate on Wednesday. The accused had allegedly cheated Nashikites of lakhs of rupees according to a complaint lodged in 2011. They were produced in court and remanded to seven days' police custody.In 2010, one Narendra Singh Shekhawat of Jaipur and seven others had opened Gold Sukh Trade India Ltd on College Road. Initially, the company gave investors the assured sum on their investment. However, subsequently, the company shut their office down and the directors fled from the city.A complaint was lodged by Sachin Kasar in November 2011, against Narendra Shekhawat, the chairman of the company, and directors Mahendrasingh Nirvan, Pramod Sharma and Vijay Joshi, stating that the company lured investors into investing Rs 6,000 with a return of Rs one lakh in a short span of time.The Sarkarwada Police had transferred the case to the EOW.Recently, EOW personnel learned that the accused were in a Jaipur jail. Subsequently, Shekhawat, Mahendrasingh Nirvan, Manvendra Chavan, Pramod Sharma, Asha Sharma, Jagdish Sharma and Dnyaneshwar Sharma were brought to Nashik from Jaipur and produced before a court here which remanded them to police custody until June 11.According to the police, the arrest of the seven accused may prompt other investors in the case to approach the police.In a similar case, about six months back, officials of the EOW had said that the directors of Tycoon Empire, who duped Nashikites, were arrested by the Kerala police and would be brought to Nashik. However, the accused, Kamalakannan and Sadasivam, have yet to be brought here.Tycoon Empire International, with the help of some agents, had enticed investors with an 8% monthly interest on their investment and a promise of double the invested amount in 36 months. However, the company shut shop around August-September 2011. Subsequently, a complaint was lodged against Kamal Kanan and Nand Gopal of Tycoon Empire International on September 23, 2011 by Suhas Haribhau Chavan, of cheating him of Rs 10,25,000. While the EOW has taken statements of 79 witnesses, who have been cheated of Rs 49.47 lakh in total, cops feel that nearly 8,500 investors have been cheated to the tune of Rs 15 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "13879715", "title": "4 NSCN (I-M) rebels held in Dibrugarh", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Security forces have caught four NSCN (IM) militants from a private lodge in Dibrugarh town.An Army statement on Wednesday said a joint team of 5 Jammu and Kashmir Light Infantry Battalion and police nabbed the rebels from East End Lodge in the Paltan Bazar area of Dibrugarh town on Tuesday night. They had entered the town in a car with the intention of carrying out anti-social activities, said the army.Security forces recovered two US-made automatic pistols, two Italy made automatic pistols, four magazines, 27 rounds of 7.65 mm caliber live ammunition, four mobile phones with seven SIM cards and Rs 39,330 from them.The militants were identified as self-styled 'sergeant major' Salim Wangsa alias Chempho Wangsa, Puman Wangsa, Chaing Wangsa and Chailai Pangsa. All od them are residents of Tirap Arunachal Pradesh's Tirap district. Salim Wangsa was involved in a bank dacoity at SBI Changlang branch in Arunachal Pradesh in 2006 besides snatching of a revolver from a police constable at Deomali in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13876376", "title": "VIP 'thirst' leaving Hyderabad parched", "text": "HYDERABAD: Denizens wondering just why the state government is sleeping over the acute water shortage haunting the city for weeks now, might find an answer in this startling revelation: most water board tankers are on 'VIP duty', ensuring round-the-clock service to ministers and senior bureaucrats.The severe crunch notwithstanding, this privileged lot of Hyderabadis is enjoying uninterrupted water supply at their bungalows. A chunk of the 110 free-trip category tankers under the water board cater to these VIPs.Tanker-owners supplying to these prime neighbourhoods, particularly the MLA Colony in Banjara Hills and the cluster of bungalows housing ministers and bureaucrats in Kundanbagh and Jubilee Hills, reveal how an average of a dozen trips are daily reserved for the creamy layer.The waiting period for these customers is negligible, ranging from just a few hours to, at worst, half-a-day. This when the rest of Hyderabad is forced to wait for a good three to four days for one tanker of water. In some areas, the waiting period is currently a long 10 days.In Banjara Hills, too, where the water crisis is unprecedented this year, government bungalows are sufficiently stocked. The 40-odd houses on Road No.12 (MLA Colony) routinely receive free water board tankers even as the rest of the area remains parched.\"While we have heavy bookings on the MCC (metro customer care) service by regular citizens, we are unable to supply to 50% of them due to a severe shortage. Even in such a situation, if there is a VIP requirement, we have to make arrangements to supply at the earliest,\" said a water board source. Requests from ministers and babus residing at Jubilee Hills, too, are answered with equal urgency. \"One cannot refuse when the order comes from a managerial-level officer of the water board,\" the source added. While in most cases, the deliveries are free, even paid tankers (from the fleet of 450) are sent when the circumstances are dire, he said.\"Roughly 20-30 tankers are sent to Kundanbagh every day to cater to government officials residing in the area. As these requests are routed through senior officials of the water board, we have no choice but to oblige,\" said a tanker operator.The row of bungalows and plush apartments in Kundanbagh house top-level IAS/IPS officers and high court judges among other eminent government servants. Interestingly, apartments surrounding this 'sarkari' fiefdom have been going without water for close to a week now.Such discrimination is predictably rubbished by the bosses at the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply &amp; Sewerage Board.They maintained that tankers were being supplied as per bookings, irrespective of a citizen's profile. \"No tankers are being delivered for free, either to ministers or to bureaucrats,\" said Adhar Sinha, the water board managing director. He was quick to point out that the water bills for these customers were settled by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13880558", "title": "Spat between students, officials during stir", "text": "NASHIK: A demonstration held by volunteers of Chhatrabharati, a student organisation, held at V N Naik college on Wednesday turned ugly when a protesting student demanded why different fees were being charged between one year and the next. The organization was protesting against high fees and fees being charging from backward class and handicapped students. Officials of various department such as social Welfare, tribal Welfare, department of education and the police were present during the demonstration.Deputy education officer (department for secondary and higher secondary education), Anil Bhangre said that an inquiry would be conducted and if found that the college was not charging fees as per government rules then action would be taken.Explaining fee rules principal of V N Naik college, V B Khedkar said, \"For non-grant courses like BBA and BCA, the government does not pay fees for backward students. We are the only college that admits backward class students for Rs 20.\"Arun Donde, a Chhatrabharati volunteer, accused the college of not handing over mark sheets till students paid the entire fee amount of Rs 1,370. Khedkar denied doing this to backward class students unless it was for courses that don't have government grants.According to P O Pardeshi, a senior inspector of the social welfare department, the government paid fees for backward class and handicapped students even for non-grant courses. But according to Khedkar, the college had sent a letter to the social welfare department with details on courses and fees which the department had rejected it. \"Had the department approved of it, we would not have charged any fees from backward class students,\" Khedkar explained.The discussion took an ugly turn when a student questioned the principal as to why Rs 20 was charged in the first year and Rs 1370 in the next. The principal said that because the social welfare department had rejected the fee proposal for non-grant courses, all students had to be therefore charged equally. The situation was brought under control only after police intervention.Pardeshi asked the principal to give all thathad been verbally said, to the social welfare department while education department officials said that an inquiry would be conducted adding that if improper fees had been charged, then the excess would have to be refunded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13876886", "title": "Ahmedabad cops bust gang involved in cloning credit cards", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Do you think a credit card can be simultaneously used in US and Ahmedabad? This near impossibility turned into a horrifying reality for some jewellers of the city recently. Recently, some youths used a credit card to purchase gold ornaments from a shop in Naroda. The shop owner was later intimated by the bank that the credit card used in the transaction was a clone of a card that had been used by its bonafide holder just minutes before in US. By the time the credit card data was verified, the youths had left.The city crime branch has busted a gang which expertises in cloning credit cards. The cops have arrested Pawan Tiwari, 27, a resident of Allahabad, Mahendra Jain, 22, Ramesh Jain, 25, residents of Rajasthan and Junaid Saiyed, 25, a resident of Mumbai. However, the ringleader of the gang is a Nigerian-based in Mumbai, is still out of reach of the city police.Four credit cards, two PAN cards, four driving licenses, seven mobile phones have been recovered from the four accused. City police officials said that the four had committed similar frauds in Maharashtra and Rajasthan too. \"Pawan and Mahendra are fluent in English and they were the ones who interacted with the target-shopkeepers. They used to always bargain hard with the shopkeepers to pose as genuine customers,\" said a crime branch official.Investigations into this scam began four months back with complaints registered - in Naroda and Bapunagar police stations. The complainants were two shopkeepers who told police that four youths had purchased gold ornaments using credit cards of nationalized banks. However, later, the concerned bank intimated them that the cards they had used were actually of foreign banks which had been illegally cloned and that payments for these transactions will not be honoured.The investigations were then handed over to cyber cell's assistant commissioner of police, KN Patel and police inspector Kiran Patel. The cops got two clues in preliminary investigations - CCTV footage from a shop and photo copies of PAN cards submitted by the youths before making the purchases.The CCTV footage of the jewellery shop was compared with footages collected by city police from city-based hotels. Then came the breakthrough - one of the hotel CCTV clippings matched with the fraudsters. The documents submitted by the youths as identity proof at the hotel however turned out to be fake.The second breakthrough came from the hotel's register where the youths had left a genuine mobile number. The cops hunted down the gang members with help of this number, they were then active in Vapi. On being interrogated the gang members claimed that the cloned credit cards were given to them by a Nigerian who was operating from Mumbai.The modus operandiThe Nigerian gave credit cards which had been tailor-made on the name of each gang member. He did not charge anything for these cloned credit cards. The goods purchased by the gang members using these cards were then purchased by the Nigerian later, at 35 per cent of the actual cost. This 35 per cent was the earning of each gang member. \"Then the Nigerian resells the stolen goods. He goes to shops in different parts of the country and introduces himself as a foreigner. He convinces the shopkeeper that his luggages have been stolen and that he wanted to raise money by selling the stuff he has,\" said an official.How fraudsters were trapped?The banks detected the scam because though the cards seemed like these were of nationalized banks the magnetic tape in it contained details of foreign banks. \"After any credit card is swapped, the information is passed through a cyber gateway to seek permission for the transaction. The transaction is sanctioned only after the okay from concerned banks. The foreign banks were baffled to notice that in some cases purchases were made simultaneously in US and in Ahmedabad and in other cities, sometimes within a span of 15 minutes. The banks then sounded the alarm which helped trap the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13880619", "title": "Tech-savvy \u2018smartphone\u2019 users shop around for the best", "text": "BHOPAL: They are tech-savvy, networking enthusiast and 'smart phone' users. Meet this new breed of smartphone users glued to internet 24X7, who go beyond emails and social networking. If an online shopping website survey is to be believed, they not only browse shopping websites but are savvy shoppers and use their phones to compare product prices too.The survey says that shopping is, in fact, the third most popular category of search after emails and social networking. Almost 70% of the smartphone users access online shopping websites. The surveying website has already added more applications to this category.Disha Paliwal, who works with an MNC, is one of the new-age tech savvy, smart buyers, who first check out the list of prices of any commodity before venturing out to buy the same. \"I not only scout the online sites for the lowest prices but also check out the best deals available on various shopping sites. Often, I end up with a better deal than the retail store.\"Also, over 87% of Indian smartphone users compare product prices online making it even more popular than checking travel tickets, movie timings or even contact details.The survey also says that over 94% of Indian smartphone users access internet on their mobile and 64% of them have upgraded to 3G services. Also, almost 80% of the respondents claim to be on internet always.Sarvesh Jain, an engineering student from a city college, says, \"I recently bought a smartphone for Rs 20,000. Since it has an Android operating system, there is a vast range of applications that can be downloaded for free. It makes web browsing much exciting.\"According to market sources, earlier the smartphone penetration in the cell phone market was around 30-40%. \"But from the beginning of 2011 the market dynamics changed giving a fillip to the existing market share, so much so that the category now accounts for more than 70% of the total market,\" said an industry insider wishing anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13882271", "title": "Three women held for gold theft", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli town police arrested three women who were involved in theft cases and recovered gold ornaments worth Rs 39,000 from them on Wednesday in Hubli.Suguna Pawar, Lakshmi Paradeshi and Jaya Jadhav of Kollapur are the arrested. They stole gold ornaments from Shubh Jewellers in the city.The CCTV footage helped police nab the culprits. A case has been registered with the town police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13890527", "title": "Revathy in Molly Aunty Rocks", "text": "'Passenger' fame director Renjith Shanakar is coming with a new film. The name of the film is 'Molly Aunty Rocks'.Revathy and Prithivraj are doing the lead roles in the film. Revathy is coming in the role of a bank officer. Lalu Alex, KPAC Lalitha, Sarath, Mamukoya and Krishna Kumar are the other stars of the movie.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877541", "title": "4-hour block on Central Railway on June 10", "text": "MUMBAI: There will be no services between Thane and Ambernath as well as Thane and Titwala on June 10. The block will take place from 11am to 3pm as Central Railway will undertake test-charging of 25,000 V Alternating Current traction between Kalyan and Kalwa.CR has decided to provide special halts for long-distance trains at Thane, Dombivli, Kalyan, Ambivli and Titwala, Vithalvadi, Ulhasnagar and Ambernath. It will also run special services between Titwala and Kasara every 40 minutes and between Ambernath and Karjat at 30-minute intervals. On the Thane-CST sector, trains will run at 10-minute intervals during the block period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13875206", "title": "Crackdown on vehicles with sun-film begins", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police have started cracking the whip on those continuing to sport sun control films on their vehicles.City traffic police have slapped fines on over 150 vehicles in the crackdown which started on Tuesday. Violators are being fined Rs 100.Police are considering hiking the penalty to Rs 1,000 from next week onwards.\"We will be intensifying the action on enforcing the Supreme Court directive in the days to come. We have given the public sufficient time. As per the law, there is provision to slap a fine of Rs 1,000 on a violator. We will take a decision on increasing the fine next week,\" traffic inspector A V Pradeep said.The Motor Vehicle Department, which has largely limited its action to creating awareness among the motorists so far, has also intensified action against tinted glasses in vehicles.The department has deployed a dedicated squad to track down such vehicles.\"Initially we used to ask the vehicle owners to remove the films on their own. From this week onwards the officials in the squad will remove the film and also impose fines on them,\" regional transport officer P T Sasidharan Nair said.Meanwhile, car decorators and accessory shops in the city are doing brisk business. Most of the shops are charging Rs 200-300 to remove the film.\"We are working overtime as there is a huge demand. People are now worried because police have started checking vehicles,\" said Jayaraj M, who is working at Film Tech Car Decorators in Arayidathupalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13875144", "title": "A documentary to pay tribute to famous poet Vallathol Narayana Menon", "text": "MALAPPURAM: A documentary on the life and poetry of Vallathol Narayana Menon, one of the triumvirates of modern Malayalam poetry, scripted and directed by a group of young men from Tirur, has been selected to the Fifth International Documentary and Short Film Festival of Kerala (IDSFFK 2012) which would begin in Thiruvananthapuram on Friday.The documentary, 'Lokame Tharavadu', is directed by Rifa Shalees Chennara, who hails from the home viilage of the great poet. Anil Vallathol, head of Malayalam department, University of Calicut who wrote script for the documentary is a relative of Vallathol. Abdussalam Machingal produced the documentary under the banner of JCI, Tirur. The background narration is done by Aliyar, a popular actor and dubbing artist in Malayalam film industry.The documentary begins with the famous lines, \"bharathamenna peru kettalabhimana poorithamakanamantharangam, Keralamemnnu kettalo... thilaykkanam chora namukku njarambukalil...\" with the visuals of Kerala Kalamandalam in the backdrop.The 52-minute documentary portrays the life and poerty of Vallathol, who was born in Chennara in 1878. It highlights the poet's multifaceted personality and his literary and social contributions including the establishment of Kerala Kalamandalam in Cheruthuruthi on the banks of Nila.Sukumar Azhikode, O N V Kuruppu, C Radhakrishnan, Alankode Leelakrishnan and Vallathol's daughter Vasanthi Menon share their memories and thoughts about Vallathol and his poetry in the film. Their quotes and excerpts from Vallathol poems, complemented with apt visuals, enrich the documentary.More than hundred rare photos of the poet are also included in the documentary. Excerpts from the poems of Vallathol have been recited by Deepa Palanadu, Baburaj Vadakanchery, Sheeba Anil, Vinduja Menon, and Reniya.The documentary would be screened at IDSFFK 2012 in the competition section. It has already won the zonal award instituted by the Junior Chamber International (JCI).\"I count this as a blessing. This could be the best thing that could happen to me as a native of Chennara, Vallathol's birthpalce,\" said Rifa Shalees. \"This documentary is my way of paying homage to him,\" he said.Bharathamenna Peru Kettalabhimana Poorithamakanamantharangam,Keralamemnnu kettalo..Thilkkanam Keralamemnnu kettalo..Thilkkanam chora namuk nharambukalil...The documentary, 'Lokame Tharavadu', a homage to the genius in Malayalam poetry Vallathole Narayanan Menon , begins with the famous lines by the poet, with the visuals of Kerala Kalamandalam in the backdrop.The 52 minute long work is a balanced portrayal of the life and poerty of Vallathole. Documentary highlights Vallathole's multifaceted personality and his literary and social contributions including the establishment of Kerala Kalamandalam in Cheruthuruthi.The poet who born in Chennara in 1878, had played a prominent role in setting up the Kalamandalam, near the banks of Nila River. Later this place was renamed Vallathole Nagar.The dcoumentary also focuses on Vallathole's style of working , and his living and upbringing which forged the poet in him . Visualisation of twelve poems of Vallathole was another highlight of the Documentary.Titans such as Sukumar Azheekode, ONV Kuruppu, C Radhakrishnan, Alankode Leelakrishnan and the daughter of Vallathole, Vasanthi Menon share their thoughts about the Vallathole in the documentary. Their quotes, excerpts from Vallathole's poems, complemented with apt visuals, enrich the documentary.ONV says, Vallathole refined the Kerala Art, by his efforts to establish Kalamandalam. Sukumar Azheekode says, though many of the rivers wbout which the poet sang already disappeared, the songs will remain forever as immortal pieces. More than hundred rare collection of photos of Vallathole, also included in the documentary. The excerpts from the poems have been recited by Deepa Palanadu, Baburaj Vadakanchery, Sheeba Anil, Vinduja Menon, and Reniya.The work was directed by Rifa Shalees Chennara and scripted by Dr Anil Vallathole, head of the department of Malayalam, University of Calicut. It was produced by Abdussalam Machingal under the banner of JCI Tirur . The background narration was made by Proffessor Aliyar.I count this as a blessing, this could be the best thing that could happen to me as a native of Chennara where Vallathole born', said Rifa Shalees. 'Vallathole was reciepient of several awards including Padmabhushan and was the one of the most revered and accomplished poet in Malayalam. This short film is kind of a homage to his genius', he saidThe documentary has already been slected to the 5th International Docuemntary and Short Film Festival(IDFFFK 2012) to be started at Thiruvananthapuram, on June 8. The documentary would be screened in the festival under the Competition category. It has already won the Zonal award instituted by the Junior Chamber International(JCI).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13881843", "title": "Gogoi for FDI in multi-brand retail, wants PM intervention", "text": "New Delhi: Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Wednesday called for intervention of PM Manmohan Singh for implementation of foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail. Despite opposition from certain states, Gogoi said he has urged the government to go ahead with the reform policy as there is no reason that states that are open to FDI in the sector should also suffer. \"I urge the commerce minister Anand Sharma, and the Prime Minister for the early implementation of this policy. Those who don't want it, let them take a decision on their own. Why should we suffer?\" Gogoi, who was in Delhi for a meeting with Sharma, said. The chief minister's plea comes right after Anand Sharma appealed to the UPA allies to allow FDI in multi-brand retail and other key reforms. Gogoi, however, said that developing a unanimous decision would not be an easy task and the government may have to bite the bullet despite strong opposition from key allies. \"It is not easy to convince all. Allies are not Congress Party. They will have their own policy. We must give it to the states who want to implement it. Just like there was opposition for VAT and now for GST, states are opposing this policy too. I'll always go for reforms,\" Gogoi said. The government was forced to roll back its decision to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail last year after widespread protests . Despite decent growth in the agriculture sector, Gogoi said there is need for better technology in cold chain and food processing industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13892100", "title": "Celebrating Indian entrepreneurs", "text": "The Kellogg School of Management, US hosted the 18th Annual Kellogg India Business Conference in Evanston IL, US to commemorate the success of Indian entrepreneurs in diverse fields such as internet, enterprise software, venture capital, consumer package goods and not-for-profit goods.The conference titled 'Opportunities Take Flight' commenced with the inaugural speech of Mohanbir Sawhney, Kellogg's much-loved professor. The conference discussed how the Indian businesses are constantly adapting to the evolving economic environment and coming up with innovative strategies to make it competent in both domestic and global markets.Sawhney's speech was followed by Param Uberoi's speech on his early years in the beverage industry and the overall business landscape in India. A panel discussion was also held which was called 'Fuelling a Billion Aspirations' and was moderated by Navin Chopra.It included Kellogg alumni Rahul Khanna , the managing director of Canaan Partners, India; Jasjit Mangat, director, Investments, Omidyar Network India Advisors; K B Chandrasekar, founder and chief executive officer, Asia Bridge Capital and Amitabh Chaudhry, managing director and chief executive officer, HDFC Standard Life.Another panel discussion on entrepreneurship in India, moderated by Rashmi Bansal , was also held with Neetu Bhatia, co-founder and chief executive officer of KyaZoonga.com as a part of it.She talked about the entrepreneurship scenario in India referring to her own journey from investment banking in Wall Street to a leading entrepreneur in India. She said, \"You just can't use a cut-and-paste approach without understanding the customer and how the market works,\" as she emphasised on the importance of innovation and breaking free from the conventional patterns of approaching the market.Other speakers included Anupam Mittal, the founder and chief executive officer of People Group (the parent company of brands such as shaadi.com, makaan.com etc) and Bharat Goenka, co-founder and managing director of Tally Solutions.In order to encourage social entrepreneurship, the conference also hosted Social Innovation Competition, sponsored by the Kellogg Center for Research in Technology and Innovation, with $15,000 as prize money.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13878984", "title": "Crores lost to unverified grants of VAT rebate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government could have earned Rs 1,463.56 crore more in value added tax (VAT) had it been more careful in giving tax concessions. The CAG report notes that in 1,408 cases a concessional rate of tax was claimed without proper supporting forms.Observing compliance deficiencies in VAT, the CAG states incorrect claims of \"exempted sale of un-exempted goods\", resulted in short payment of Rs 2.30 crore. A performance audit on \"cross verification of declaration forms used in interstate trade and commerce\" carried out by the auditors drives home the need for stricter enforcement.The performance audit found \"irregular claims of concessional rate of tax or exemption of tax against fake forms submitted by the dealers in support of inter-state sale. The revenue involved in 10 cases found by the audit was Rs 8.13 lakh, besides the penalty that may be levied for wrong declaration\".The auditors found that there were instances of forms being utilized by dealers other than those to whom they were issued. This resulted in revenue loss of Rs 9.54 lakh in seven cases. In seven other cases, concealment of sale by dealers on declaration forms led to non-realization of revenue of Rs 12.50 lakh. Claims for extra concession by dealers led to revenue loss of Rs 1.11 crore in 22 cases.The report also cites large-scale pendency in furnishing of utilization certificates by various institutions for grants-in-aid amounting to Rs 13,117.35 crore. Of 4,342 outstanding utilization certificates, 1,917 or 44% amounting to Rs 3,221 crore were pending for more than 10 years.The biggest defaulter was the urban development (UD) department. In turn, the erstwhile MCD, Delhi Vidyut Board, Delhi Jal Board and New Delhi Municipal Council were the main defaulters of the grants received from the UD department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13884049", "title": "Stationer held for selling admission forms", "text": "Officials of Delhi University on Tuesday raided a stationery shop at Lakshmi Nagar, which was allegedly selling the centralized OMR forms illegally.Acting on several tip-offs that a shop near Lakshmi Nagar Metro Station was selling DU forms, a three-member team from DU's proctor office went there in the evening, posing as customers to catch the shopkeeper red-handed.The members of the team bought a form for Rs 150 though it costs Rs 100 at designated colleges and post offices across the city, a source said.A DU official said the shopkeeper allegedly tried to flee after he was exposed by the varsity officials. They, however, managed to stop him and immediately informed police. The official said they had received several complaints about black-marketing of OMR forms following which they decided to look into the matter themselves. A source in Delhi Police confirmed the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13876113", "title": "Umesh fails to appear in court again", "text": "HYDERABAD: As Godavari Valley Development Authority chairman Umesh Kumar failed to appear before the Nampally court yet again, the Crime Investigation Department (CID) on Wednesday took objection and requested the court to give a direction to him to appear before it.Umesh Kumar had appeared before the Nampally court only on one occasion during the past several hearings. Citing security reasons and his official duties, Umesh Kumar had sought exemption from personal appearance. \"We requested the judge to take appropriate action as per law since Umesh Kumar has been continuously failing to appear in court,'' public prosecutor K Ajay Kumar said.After hearing the CID's arguments, the court directed Umesh Kumar's counsel to file their counter arguments on June 14.Meanwhile, Umesh Kumar filed a writ appeal in the AP high court against the order passed by a single judge earlier. In his appeal, Umesh sought a CBI probe into the alleged disproportionate assets acquired by DGP V Dinesh Reddy through his wife. Umesh in his petition said, the single judge concluded that Dinesh Reddy has not been filing his annual property details in a proper way for the last several years, but declined to order a CBI probe into this. Terming it as \"unlawful,\" Umesh sought a probe into the assets of the DGP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13881881", "title": "Clash over fishing rights, 3 men die", "text": "MYSORE: A violent clash over fishing in the backwater of Kapila has claimed the lives of three villagers in Heggadadevanakote taluk.Three men drowned after they were assaulted by a group of people at Gandethur, 30km from HD Kote. The bodies were fished out on Wednesday. Security has been beefed up in Gandethur and Gundethur where the victims lived.There were protests seeking compensation and the bodies were not allowed to be taken for postmortem. Revenue officials and senior cops intervened and pacified them. A compensation of Rs 50,000 will be given to the families of the deceased \u2014 Krishnaiah, Manju and Mada, all in their early 30s.The simmering trouble over fishing flared up leading to the clashes late on Tuesday. A group from Gundethur opposed the awarding of fishing rights in the backwaters. It was subsequently awarded to a cooperative society from Gandethur. Both the villages are located on the banks of Kapila and are separated by the river. Villagers said the two groups have clashed earlier too but it didn't turn violent.\"There were problems over fishing territory, which led to the clash,\" said SPR Dileep. \"We've arrested four persons,\" he stated. The four arrested \u2014 Shivaraj, Lakshman, Manju and Nagaraj \u2014 sustained injuries and are being treated. HD Kote cops have named 11 people as accused in the case.Trouble started when a group of nine men ventured into fishing at Gandethur, which was questioned by a group. As they were in the water, they clashed over fishing rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13880475", "title": "HC asks police to hand over student death probe to CID", "text": "Chennai: The Madras high court has asked the city police commissioner to hand over the probe into the mysterious death of an engineering college student inside the college premises to the CB-CID.Justice K Nagamuthu, while hearing arguments on a petition filed by S Ponnurangam, who wanted the court to shift probe into the death of his son Saravanan from the files of Ambattur police to the CB-CID, expressed his dissatisfaction at the tardy progress of the investigation and said if it was not handed over to a different agency, the court would be constrained to pass necessary orders.When the matter was taken up, advocate S Prabakaran, counsel for Ponnurangam, submitted that Saravanan, a second year mechanical engineering student, died inside the premises of the Velammal Engineering College at Surapet here. Due to extraneous pressure, his post-mortem report itself was delayed for more than three months and that it was given to the father only on January 27, that too after the intervention of the chief minister's office.The report recorded the fact that Saravanan's body had several abrasions and contusions, and it opined that he must have been hit with a heavy blunt object in chest and neck. Citing these findings, Prabakaran said they had confirmed the father's apprehension that his son had been murdered and that attempts were being made to close the case referring it as death due to cardiac problem. Though the post-mortem report confirmed that it was neither suicide nor food poisoning, the police did not probe the issue properly, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877165", "title": "Dip in day-time temperature, but humidity high", "text": "MUMBAI: The city received pre-monsoon showers on Wednesday with weather officials saying that the monsoon could arrive in the next 48 hours.\"It is only a prediction, since the monsoon could also stall. However, looking at the current cloud and wind conditions, the monsoon does seems close,\" he added.Wednesday's cloudy weather ensured that day-time temperatures dipped by five degrees. Colaba recorded a maximum temperature of 29.6 degree Celsius-much cooler than the 35.6 degree Celsius the previous day.Santa Cruz was slightly warmer at 30.5 degree Celsius. \"The cloud cover ensured that there was no direct sun. This brought the temperature down,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at IMD, Mumbai.The humidity levels, however, were quite high with Colaba recording 94% and Santa Cruz recording 75% in the morning. Levels in the evening too were moderately high with Colaba and Santa Cruz recording 88% and 75% respectively. The weather on Thursday is likely to be similar to Wednesday's. The humidity levels are likely to remain high, said Rajeev.The monsoon has already covered most parts of central Arabian Sea, remaining parts of coastal Karnataka, entire Goa, some parts of south Konkan, south-central Maharashtra, north interior Karnataka, entire Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura, Assam, Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh and some parts of sub-Himalayan West Bengal and Sikkim.According to the IMD, there are set criteria to declare the onset of the monsoon in Kerala, but the criteria varies elsewhere in the country. \"For Kerala, the criteria are that it should rain 2.5cm or more for two consecutive days apart from other conditions like wind field and speed. In Mumbai, however, the rain measurement can be one cm for two consecutive days; and the south-westerly winds are the driving force,\" said Apte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13876408", "title": "Tech university to start two new courses this year", "text": "Noida: Mahamaya Technical University (MTU) is introducing two new courses in the coming semester - Knowledge Management and Mobile Communications. Both courses will be introduced in the university for the first time and officials said that they are currently scouting for faculty.The courses will offer students an additional option for specialization, which is relevant in the changing job markets and the field of technical education, said officials.MTU officials said they are planning to introduce the courses in August semester. \"All preparations are done and we are in final stages of the process,\" said SK Kak, VC, MTU.The course in Knowledge Management is an MBA course, while the course in Mobile Communications is an M.Tech course. \"Knowledge Management can be used for better functioning of an organization or institution,\" explained officials. With telecommunications becoming an important field, the M.Tech course is relevant in the job market.Both courses were missing from the campus programmes of MTU and Gautam Buddh Technical University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877762", "title": "Other airport hubs have beaten India", "text": "MUMBAI: The Centre's decision to create two aviation hubs in the country may have come a little late in the day. A recently released government report admits that airports at Dubai, Doha, Singapore and Frankfurt have stolen a march on Indian airports when it comes to attracting transit passengers.The report blames the country's loss on the government's own policies.In many parts of the world, airports and airlines teamed up years ago to develop new-age hubs, where partner carriers stop over with travellers moving between destinations not served by direct flights. India, however, did not seize the opportunity. As a result of the lapse, several airport-airline \"hubbing\" teams benefited, including Dubai-Emirates, Frankfurt-Lufthansa, Changi-Singapore Airlines, Doha-Qatar Airways and Heathrow-British Airways.Hubbing benefits not only airports, but also airlines and passengers.Prepared by the ministry of civil aviation, the report quantifies India's loss in traffic numbers. Of the total international flyers handled by Mumbai in 2011 just 12% were transit passengers; Delhi was worse off at 9%. In comparison, Dubai's transit crowd made up 44% of its overall traffic, Doha airport's figure was 61%, and Singapore's 25%.The same dismal picture is painted by another set of data in the report. It says that 15 million passengers flew into or out of India via an airport hub in 2011; of this, 11.4 million went through a hub outside India, mainly in the Middle East and Southeast Asia. Indeed, about 2.6 million passengers from India flew via Dubai airport to countries around the world, making up 19% of the Dubai's transit crowd. These are passengers who would have booked flights like, say, Mumbai-Dubai-Barcelona or Delhi-Dubai-Lisbon.The absence of aviation hubs in the country, experts asserted, is as much a reflection on Indian airports as on Indian carriers. A hub needs a strong airline\u2014something that, going by statistics, may be missing here.According to the report, the majority of India's international travellers fly international carriers. Only 34% of the country's 37 million international passengers annually fly by local carriers like Air India, Jet Airways. The rest pick international airlines like Emirates, Qatar Airways, Singapore Airlines and Lufthansa.\"Most of these passengers transited through hubs in Dubai, Doha, Singapore, Abu Dhabi and Bangkok. Today, the international travel from India is dominated by Middle Eastern carriers (34%) and Southeast Asian carriers (22%),\" the report says.In a self-indictment, the report blames the bilateral agreements the government signed with other countries in the last few years\u2014when Praful Patel was the civil aviation minister, though the report does not specify this\u2014for causing the loss of transit traffic to Indian airports and airlines. \"Liberal bilateral agreements have helped large foreign airlines like Emirates, Etihad, Qatar, etc. to operate more flights and routes to India, thus penetrating Indian market and even tier-II destinations,\" the report says. It recommends a recalibration of future bilateral issuance to competing countries.Among other reasons mentioned in the report for transfer traffic loss are poor financial clout and fleet size of Indian carriers in comparison to competing airlines such as Emirates, Etihad, Lufthansa; and lack of seamless transfer options for transit passengers at Indian airports like at Dubai and Doha.There are benefits of hubbing for airports as well as for airlines and passengers. For airports, successful hubbing translates to increased revenue because the number of flights and flyers go up; more passengers also means more opportunities to earn non-aeronautical revenue from duty-free retail outlets. For airlines, hubbing brings a reduction in the operating costs due to economies of scale, better load factors, fleet utilization, etc. \"All these benefits to airlines and airports eventually trickles down to passengers in terms of more flight options, competitive prices and enhanced service levels,\" the report says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13883366", "title": "\u2018Saanjh\u2019 mentor says a long way to go", "text": "LUDHIANA: For four years, people from either side of the border have been able to pick up titbit about the place they left behind during Partition from the stories and updates in ''Saanjh'' magazine. However, Saffir Rammah, the man behind the initiative, is not patting himself for the success.''There is a long way to go before we achieve desired results,'' said Rammah, coordinator of Academy of Punjab in North America (APNA) and managing director of ''Saanjh''.Talking to TOI over the phone, Rammah, who is from Pakistan and is based in US, said, ''We are not even close to what we want for the magazine. 'Saanjh' is now widely read in west Punjabi literary circles (Pakistan) but a lot more needs to be done to popularize it in east Punjab (India). We are still struggling to find serious readers here.''Appreciating the effort and hardwork of the editorial team in Ludhiana, he said they need to focus on marketing the magazine well too.Rammah said though they have faced many difficulties like budget constraints they are confident of continuing the magazine. ''Our idea is to strengthen brotherhood among people from both Punjab. We monitor the content closely and make sure that nothing that provokes hatred should go into print,'' he said.About printing the magazine in two different scripts, Rammah said readers both in Pakistan and Punjab are unaware of linguistic and literary developments on the other side and ''Saanjh'' is an effort to fill in the blank spaces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13878666", "title": "New shack policy by July end: Goa CM", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said the government will come out with a new shack policy for the state by the end of July . The state government allows around 336 shacks across the 105km coast line.\"We are coming out with good shack policy. I am discussing this with the tourism minister and officials. I will finish discussing it with the stakeholders by the end of June and in July we will come out with a shack policy which will include a water sports policy,\"Parrikar told media persons.He also said that the water sports policy will include the restriction of equipment to certain areas and proper demarcation of areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877531", "title": "Maharashtra plans to make more room for tigers in reserves", "text": "MUMBAI: With a spurt in poaching of big cats reported from the protected areas (PAs) of reserves, the state government is set to put in place a series of measures to safeguard the tiger habitats.Among the major initiatives likely to be announced on Thursday, the government is looking at enhancing the protected areas for tigers by an additional 500 sq km, especially in the Vidarbha region, which has been the centre of poaching activity for the notorious Baheliya community from Madhya Pradesh . The extent of high-tension electric lines in and around the habitat will also be drastically increased.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will chair the meeting of the State Board of Wildlife to decide on special mitigation measures in the wake of the recent killings. \"The extension will be carried out in the newly accepted TR Nagzira-Nawegaon and Bor sanctuaries and a new sanctuary will be declared at Bhivapur-Karandala near Nagpur. Besides, security will be beefed up by providing 100 new vehicles and more weapons to forest officers,\" said an official.The state is also looking at roping in irrigation and electricity departments to take measures like building cross canals on crossings and improving high-tension electric lines. \"The increase in tiger population has led to animals straying outside the park and falling prey to electrocution,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13879688", "title": "Free fall of rubber price continues", "text": "KOCHI: Natural rubber in the country's markets weakened further on Wednesday with rubber futures on the National Multi Commodity Exchange (NMCE) dropping 1.5%. This follows an over 2% drop in prices on Tuesday. The recent rise in petrol prices and a decline in GDP growth to 5.3% in the fourth quarter of 2011-12 have added to the woes of this plantation crop, analysts said.At NMCE, a weakening trend in rubber futures was noticed on Tuesday with June contracts dropping by 2.4% to Rs 19,261 per 100 kg. On Wednesday, June contracts were further down by 1.5% to Rs 18,979 per 100 kg. July and August contracts were trading at Rs 19,155 and Rs 19,040 per 100 kg, respectively on Wednesday. Commodities research firm Geojit Comtrade said in a report on Tuesday that RSS-4 (Ribbed Smoked Sheet) in the spot market is being quoted at its lowest since April-end while in the future market, prices have slipped to a five-week low.In Kochi and Kottayam, the two key rubber markets in India, RSS-4 prices have been continuously falling and in the beginning of the week, prices weakened by Rs 150 per 100 kg to Rs 19,200 levels. Prices of RSS-4 in the Kottayam and Kochi markets were Rs 19,200 on Wednesday.\"Selling momentum gathered pace in the local market, tracking heavy losses in natural rubber prices in the global market. Anticipation of higher imports due to lower prices in the international market increased in arrivals amidst lackluster demand, and gloomy economic outlook is likely to build further pressure,\" the report said. Geojit Comtrade noted that a brief pullback towards Rs 19,140 - Rs 19,200 levels cannot be ruled out before the downtrend resumes. \"However, prices are expected to have some level of support at Rs 18,950 levels. Consistent trades below Rs 18,950 may see weakness extending towards the Rs18,600 - Rs 18,500 region in the near term, Now, a close above Rs 19,400 is required to ward off the weakness,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13887733", "title": "Naval war room leak: CBI conducts searches", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Thursday carried out searches at the premises of Naval war room leak case accused Abhishek Verma after registering a fresh case against him.The agency teams carried out searches at 10 locations in Delhi and Gurgaon, CBI sources said.They said the case was registered on the allegation that Verma took huge amount of money to get a Swiss defence company out of government's blacklist.They claimed that teams have collected some crucial information and documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13882730", "title": "Summer woes: UT, Panchkula worse than Mohali", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This summer, power situation in Chandigarh and Panchkula seems than that of Mohali. Earlier, when adjoining areas of Punjab used to suffer frequent breakdowns and Chandigarh and Panchkula were known for interrupted supply, but the situation has reversed during the past two years.On Wednesday too, Sector 26 and 35 in Chandigarh were without power from 10am to 2pm and residents of Sector 23 too had a tough time as supply was snapped for repair work in the evening.Meanwhile, in Panchkula there were outages almost every 15 minutes in many areas. Some sectors had a cut every half an hour and one hour as well. Sectors 2, 4, 6, 11, 14, 12A, 4, 15, 16, 19, 7, 8, 20, 21, 9, MDC sectors 4 and 5, 25, 27 were the affected lot. \"I don't know what is wrong with the power since Tuesday night, it is so erratic,\" said Dr Anuj Kaushal, a resident of Sector 6, Panchkula. \"Panchkula was known for its uninterrupted power supply but now things have changed,\" said Vindu Swami, a resident of Sector 20, Panchkula.SDO of electricity department Himanshu Sheokand said, \"It is just due to Tuesday's weather. The problem will be sorted out soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13883512", "title": "Polling for Punjab civic bodies begin today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The first phase of elections for municipal councils and nagar panchayats will be held on Thursday in the state. Polling will be held in three municipal councils - Machhiwara, Dharamkot and Balachaur - and 29 nagar panchayats (notified area committees).Voting will start at 8am and continue till 4pm. The state government has announced holiday on June 7 and also declared it a dry day. The second and final phase of elections for the municipal corporations of Amritsar, Jalandhar, Ludhiana and Patiala will be held on June 10. The four corporations comprise a total of 250 wards.Counting of votes will take place on June 10 and results will be declared on June 13, said a government spokesperson. Meanwhile, Congress on Tuesday expelled 24 rebels in Ludhiana, Jalandhar, Patiala and Amritsar. A party spokesperson said these rebels had been contesting against the official party candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13881715", "title": "Lawyers to protest against higher education &amp; research bill", "text": "PUNE: Around 15 lakh lawyers in India will participate in a nation-wide protest called to press for the exclusion of legal education from the Higher Education and Research Bill, 2011, on July 11 and 12.Bar Council of India (BCI) chairman Manan Kumar Mishra on Wednesday told a news conference that the lawyers will abstain from work and will organize phase-wise agitations in India to voice their protest against the implementation of the bill.BCI member Satish Deshmukh, Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa chairman Vitthal Konde-Deshmukh and member Harshad Nimbalkar were also present.Mishra said the BCI has directed all state bar councils and bar associations in the country to send copies of their resolutions against the Bill to President Pratibha Patil, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Union minister for Human Resource Development Kapil Sibal and others.The move has been made to draw their attention to the mala fide intention behind the draft bills to be introduced.According to Mishra, between June 18 and 30, a delegation from all bar associations in the country will hand over a copy of their resolution to Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha members representing their respective constituencies.They will also attach a request to oppose the Bill inside and outside Parliament.If the demand of excluding legal education from the Bill is not accepted, lawyers will voice their protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi on the first day of Parliamentary session in August, he added.Training must for junior lawyersBar Council of India chariman Manan Kumar Mishra on Wednesday said junior lawyers who have practised up to five years will have to undergo compulsory legal training and workshops for enhancing their knowledge and skills. Mishra said the sanad of lawyers will not be renewed if they fail to undergo the training organised by the state bar council and bar associations.Need government facilitiesThe Bar Council of India has demanded that the government should make provisions for mediclaim, insurance, welfare funds and stipend for junior lawyers who have practised up to three years. The government should provide pension to lawyers if they decide not to practise at the age of 70.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13877079", "title": "CBI raids insurance officer's house over fraud case", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI on Wednesday raided the residence of an official of an insurance company here to investigate a cheating case.According to sources, B L Daima, an administrative officer at Oriental Insurance Company, had done the insurance of a tractor on backdate as October 1, 2007 despite the fact that the insurance on this date was already expired.The tractor owner allegedly entered into a criminal conspiracy with Daima and urged him to make the insurance on backdate as October 1, 2007.After registering a case under Section 120B (criminal conspiracy) to be read with Section 420 (cheating), 466 (forgery of record of court or of public register etc), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating) of IPC and Section 482 (punishment for using a false property mark) to be read with 31(D) of Prevention of Corruption Act, CBI officials on Wednesday raided the Shanti Nagar residence of Daima.\"Actually, the tractor met with a fatal accident on October 2, 2007 in which Bishnaram, driver of the tractor, was killed. However, tractor owner Chetaram Jaat connived with Daima and got a backdate insurance of the vehicle to take an insurance claim. Finally, the back date insurance papers were submitted in the court and the court had given a compensation of Rs 4,68,750,\" said the CBI officer.Thus, acting on a complaint that this claim is forged as a person can't get an insurance on backdate, a case was registered.Asked if Daima was arrested in the case, an officer said: \"We are yet to make any arrests as our team is on the job of verifying the papers seized from his residence. The case is under investigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13880720", "title": "IITians to hold seminar for JEE aspirants in Bhopal on June 9", "text": "BHOPAL: With an objective of providing information about IIT-JEE to the aspirants, a group of students from IIT Kharagpur under the umbrella of 'IITians for youth' will conduct a seminar at Gyan Ganga Institute of Technology on June 9.\"The objective of the seminar is to help students overcome several problems of the IIT aspirants which they face during their preparation,\" says Shashank Garg one of the group members.He said JEE aspirants are troubled over the new pattern especially those who could not clear the exam in first attempt and are preparing for the second time.\"The bigger question is that should one take a drop even if his board percentage is not good considering that new pattern takes them into account. We will try to resolve such issues during the seminar,\" Shashank said.IITians For Youth (IFY), is a student-run organization which is also involved in social work. This organization was founded by the students of IIT Kharagpur three years back and is solely run by IITians.The organization has been conducting several workshops in various corners of the country along with providing online mentorship to budding aspirants for academic excellence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13879554", "title": "Will consult Trinamool on reforms, says Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress said Trinamool Congress would be consulted in policy reforms like pension bill and FDI in civil aviation, downplaying the threats from the ally that it was prepared to snap the ties.The volatile UPA ally from Bengal raised the pitch again after its victory in the civic polls on Tuesday, with railway minister Mukul Roy saying TMC was ready to rule the state alone. The agitated ally is sure to be riled further with Union Cabinet considering policies like pension reforms that it is opposed to and has also announced to reopen the FDI in aviation that has been in stalemate for long.On the eve of the crucial Cabinet meeting, AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi denied the allies were drifting apart. He said, \"We trust our allies who would all be consulted on policy measures.\"Trinamool is unlikely to take the assurance at face value since it sees Congress's growing proximity with Samajwadi Party as a contingency plan. Congress brass kept its distance with the UP outfit till the assembly polls but has lost no time in befriending it. Clearly, SP's 21 MPs would help in neutralizing the leverage enjoyed by Mamata Banerjee at the Centre.Trinamool's announcement that it was ready to rule Bengal alone after its victory in municipal elections was seen provoked by the growing closeness between Congress and SP. But Congress spokesman Alvi said, \"We trust our allies. We don't give much importance to such comments. They don't make any difference,\" Alvi said.The relations between Congress and TMC have gone downhill since the latter came to power in Bengal and CM Mamata Banerjee's plea for debt waiver for the state was ignored by the Union finance ministry. The stance provoked the TMC chief into retaliating with public criticism of the Central government as well as raising the red flag on policy reforms and diplomatic initiatives like Teesta agreement and enclave exchange with Bangladesh.While Congress has been averse to reshaping the UPA, even agreeing to TMC's dramatic move to sack railway minister Dinesh Trivedi in the middle of rail budget, there are indications of change. The Centre's desperation to dispel the perception of policy paralysis is pushing it towards taking up reforms agenda, a move that will certainly rile the Bengal ally if not accompanied by accepting its demand for relief package.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13879962", "title": "Hill section to reopen in 2 weeks", "text": "SILCHAR: Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) sources on Wednesday said it will take about two more weeks to restore the portion of railway track between Harangajao and Mailongdisa on the Lumding-Silchar section that was washed away due to a landslide last Sunday.\"Workers and engineers are working round the clock to restore the line. We hope in another two weeks we will be able to make the stretch fit for running of trains. Soil, concrete and boulders were washed away from under a 100-metre stretch of the track, which is simply hanging due to impact of the landslide,\" said an official.The landslide also damaged bridge number 440 in the place. Sources said additional divisional railway manager of the Lumding division of NFR, Satish Kothati, is stationed at the spot to oversee the restoration work.Torrential rain in the Barail Hill range for the past many days triggered landslides in at least five places in the Hill section last Sunday. The authorities were compelled to suspend and regulate services of all trains in this 214-km section until tracks are repaired.Apart from the stretch between Harangajao and Mailongdisa, debris from landslides in other four places were cleared, the sources added.The ongoing 60-hour Dima Hasao district bandh caused no hindrance to the restoration work, the railway official said.Elsewhere, the bandh called by the Autonomous State Demand Committee (ASDC) and its frontal organizations brought normal life in the hill district to a halt. On Wednesday, the second day of the bandh, all shops and business establishments were closed. Banks, government and private offices and educational institutions also didn't function. Traffic was off the roads.The bandh was called seeking immediate release of ASDC leader Mohet Hojai, a former chief executive member of the NC Hills Autonomous Council. He is in jail since May 30, 2009, along with 14 others, for his alleged involvement in a Rs 1,000-crore scam in the once-troubled district.ASDC also demanded withdrawal of the NIA from the district, regularization of salaries of the normal sector employees of the council, immediate disbursement of gratuity and separate arrangements for recruitment of teachers for the hill district by scrapping the TET.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13881029", "title": "Tamil Nadu killer brothers escape noose after Prez reprieve", "text": "CHENNAI: Two brothers, whose death sentence was upheld by the Supreme Court in May 1998 for the abduction and murder of a 10-year-old boy at Pallavaram near here in 1993, have escaped the noose, with President Pratibha Patil commuting their sentence to life imprisonment.Facing the gallows at the Central Prison in Vellore, Mohan and Gopi had sent mercy petitions to the Centre in 1998. In July 1999, Union home ministry forwarded their pleas to Rashtrapati Bhavan. ' Six men were involved in the abduction of the boy in June 1993. P Pushparaj, a driver, went to his school and told him his father was waiting at Meenambakkam and that he had sent a car to pick him up. The boy followed Pushparaj to a van, only to be bundled into it by Mohan, Gopi, Muthu, Sampath and Chandrasekaran.When the police started a search for them after they made a ransom call, the kidnappers decided to kill the boy. They gave the boy a soft drink laced with copper sulphate. After he lost consciousness, they strangled him. The gang threw the bodyinto a well, but continued to negotiate with the boy's father and took. 5 lakh as ransom.After their arrest and trial, the Chengalpet sessions court awarded the death sentence to Mohan, Gopi, Muthu and Pushparaj on November 27, 1996.SENTENCE COMMUTEDJune 1993 |Mohan, Gopi and 4 others kidnap and murder a 10-year-old boy, collect 5 lakh ransom from his fatherNov 1996 |Trial court awards death to four and 10-year rigorous imprisonment to one while another dies during trialJune 1998 |Supreme Court too upholds verdict after Madras HC denies relief President Pratibha Patil commutes sentence of Mohan and Gopi to life term", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "it is not often that a tv show gets made into a movie. director gunnam gangaraju is planning to turn his hit tv show, amrutham in to a movie. buzz has it that the director is planning to cast actor sunil in the movie. apparently the director approached the actor with the idea and sunil even gave a verbal approval. it is learnt that gunnam gangaraju will be directing and producing the movie on his home banner, just yellow productions. the hit tv show is still going strong. sivaji raja had played the lead role initially followed by naresh and harshvardhan. the filmmakers have begun pre-production work for the movie and are on the look out for a leading lady. they are expected to make an official announcement after finalizing on the cast and crew of the movie. source", "code": "13898808", "title": "Sunil to act in Amrutham", "text": "It is not often that a TV Show gets made into a movie. Director Gunnam Gangaraju is planning to turn his hit TV show, Amrutham in to a movie. Buzz has it that the director is planning to cast actor Sunil in the movie. Apparently the director approached the actor with the idea and Sunil even gave a verbal approval. It is learnt that Gunnam Gangaraju will be directing and producing the movie on his home banner, Just Yellow Productions. The hit TV show is still going strong. Sivaji Raja had played the lead role initially followed by Naresh and Harshvardhan. The filmmakers have begun pre-production work for the movie and are on the look out for a leading lady. They are expected to make an official announcement after finalizing on the cast and crew of the movie. Source: way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13882994", "title": "Chandigarh traders join nationwide protest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Beopar Mandal has decided to join the Bharat Udyog Vyapar Mandal in a nationwide agitation against the alleged unjust and impractical clauses in the Food Safety and Standards Act on Saturday. The city body of traders took the decision after a meeting with the executive body of Bharat Udyog Vyapar Mandal in New Delhi.The meeting decided that traders from across the country, under the banner of Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal, will put up a demonstration before the office of food safety and standards authority, FDA Bhawan, on Kotla Road, New Delhi, on Saturday, to push their demand for simplification and rationalization of the Act. There after, an awareness campaign will be launched in New Delhi on August 9.As many as 18 state delegations participated in the meeting, which discussed Food Safety and Standards Act and the issue of foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail sector.The central body of traders believes that Centre's policies will shift the entire trade to multinational firms from crores of self-employed individual traders causing them irreparable losses.Instead of providing loans and other facilities to the unorganized trade and industry sectors, the government is compelling traders to abide by its impractical policies and laws, said the members of Bharat Udyog Vyapar Mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "13881902", "title": "Beed police arrest licencee of Sanap hospital", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Beed police on Wednesday arrested Shrihari Lahane, father-in-law of medical practitioner Shivaji Sanap, who was arrested on Saturday for allegedly performing abortions on three women and making his employees dump two female foetuses. The other foetus was buried by relatives of one of the women.Lahane is a medical practitioner and the licencee of Sanap hospital. Deputy superintendent of police (Beed) Vidyanand Kale told the TOI, \"Lahane was arrested on Wednesday and will be made a co-accused in the case.\"\"The administration issued a notice to Sanap on Tuesday, asking him to reply within 24 hours why his hospital should not be sealed under section 133 of the CrPC,'' Beed sub-divisional magistrate Ganesh Nirahali told TOI on Wednesday.The Beed district administration also initiated the process to seal the hospital which is owned by Sanap on Tuesday. The district magistrate and the sub-divisional magistrate are empowered to seal hospital premises to avoid unlawful obstruction or nuisance after receiving a report from a police officer.The administration had sealed another hospital in Beed on Tuesday for functioning without a licence. During a search for suspects involved in dumping of foetuses, Beed civil surgeon Gauri Rathod found Bhagwan hospital being run illegally, by Madhav Sanap.\"Following a complaint lodged by Rathod, police had conducted an inquiry and then requested us to seal the hospital. We issued a notice to Sanap. His reply was unsatisfactory,'' Nirahali said.Shivaji Sanap and two of his women employees, Lata Jogdand and Manisha Jawale, were arrested on Saturday in connection with the abortion and subsequent dumping of the female foetuses. On the following day, the husband and father of a woman were held for burying a foetus in their home. On Monday, the father of an unmarried woman and her boyfriend were also arrested.In another case, a pharmacist working at a pharmacy owned by Priya Sanap, wife of Shivaji Sanap, was arrested on Tuesday for stocking abortion drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13883484", "title": "Oil tanker catches fire at Allahabad Junction", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Panic prevailed at Allahabad junction on Wednesday morning when an oil tanker attached with a goods train accidentally caught fire at line number 4 between platforms 3 and 4. However, the situation was brought under control with the arrival of railway staff who extinguished the fire with the help of fire fighting equipment. They also switched off the overhead high tension line to avert any further danger.As per reports, a goods train carrying oil tankers between Haldia and Panipat was parked at line number 4 near platform number 3 and 4 for changing crew. In the meantime, someone noticed flames coming out of the lid of one of the oil tankers.Seeing this, railway staff rushed to the spot and evacuated passengers from platform number 3 and 4 to safer places. They managed to douse the flames with the help of fire extinguishers and as a precautionary measure also switched off the overhead high tension line.Senior officials including DRM North Central Railway also rushed to the spot and supervised the operation. As a result of the incident, movement of several trains on the route was delayed. Trains which got delayed included Lal Quila Express, Sealdah Express, and Sealdah Ajmer Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13898063", "title": "Solar power capacities increase manifold to 940 MW in 2011-12", "text": "MUMBAI: Solar power capacities in India increased substantially to around 940 MW in 2011-12, from 20 MW in 2010-11. A sharp reduction in capital costs is understood to be the key factor that drove expansion in solar power capacity, besides a favourable government policy.A CRISIL Research report, however, believes that there could be a moderation in the pace of reduction in capital costs in 2012, which could exert pressure on the margins of players who have bid below Rs 9 per unit under batch 2 of Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission (JNNSM). Almost half the bids under JNNSM batch 2 have been below Rs 9 per unit and about a fourth of the bids below Rs 8.5 per unit, making these investments highly risky,'' said Rahul Prithiani, director, industry research, CRISIL Research.The only other factor that could ease the pressure on margins is access to low-cost foreign debt. Foreign developmental finance institutions can provide low cost debt to fund purchase of solar equipment from suppliers in their country.In 2011, the capital costs of solar photovoltaic (PV) projects fell by 30%, following a 50% decline in the prices of solar PV modules that make up for half of the total capital costs in PV projects. Prices of these modules have been sliding due to weak demand from key European markets including Germany, Italy and Spain following the withdrawal of incentives after a period of explosive growth in capacity additions, the report states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13876864", "title": "Police fails to nab attackers of Sawai Man Singh hospital ward boy", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after a ward boy was stabbed at the Sawai Man Singh hospital, police raided houses of the four identified persons but failed to nab them.Police said that the four persons, who attacked the ward boy Rajesh, were employees of contractors who provide ambulance services for transportation of patients and death bodies.Investigating officer Bharat Singh said the four accused indentified are Ashok, Deepak, Rajesh and Jitrendra. \"We have raided their houses and also tried to locate them. But they have gone underground,\" Singh said.He said Rajesh (victim) is out of danger and is undergoing treatment at the hospital.\"The investigation has found that they developed rivalry because of ambulance business,\" Singh said.Among the four accused, three of them are residents of Ajmer, while one is the resident of Jhalana slum area. \"We have also raided their houses in Ajmer by sending a team but they could not be found there too,\" the police said.The incident of stabbing happened on Tuesday morning, near Charak Bhawan in SMS hospital at ambulance stand.Besides, Rajasthan Contract Employees Union (RCEU) protested at the SMS hospital demanding arrest of the accused in the case.RCEU state president Dharmendra Rana said, \"We protested at the SMS hospital as police have not arrested the accused yet. Also, we demanded ICU facility for the victim which has been fulfilled by the hospital administration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13877640", "title": "Ex-gangster gets bail in 1 case, held in another", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch arrested ex-gangster Ashwin Naik on Wednesday night in an extortion case registered against him at Dadar police station. Naik was granted anticipatory bail in another case registered at N M Joshi Marg police station the same day by the Sewree sessions court.A source said Naik had been allegedly threatening the Dadar complainant for long, after which the latter apprised the local police of the matter. The police did not take the issue seriously, so the complainant approached police commissioner Arup Patnaik for help. Patnaik asked the crime branch to investigate. After an initial enquiry, senior crime branch officers directed the Dadar police to register an extortion case against Naik on Wednesday.In the N M Joshi Marg case, Lower Parel resident Dhiraj Gohil, a contractor for the BMC, alleged that his sister Purnima Boricha asked Naik to settle a property dispute. Gohil said Naik threatened him and his goons attacked him. The police provided protection to Gohil.Naik argued for anticipatory bail by saying he had been falsely implicated in the case and that it was a civil dispute between siblings. The Crime Branch had earlier arrested Purnima and her husband Ramesh Boricha for taking the matter to Naik. A source said Naik was unaware about the Dadar case, which was registered on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-07"}
