{"city": "hubli", "code": "16975129", "title": "Protesters claim activists were tortured by police", "text": "HUBLI: One person was injured when police resorted to lathicharge to disperse a group of right-wing activists who were protesting against alleged police atrocities against four activists. The four activists had tried to drive off with a truck transporting cattle, but rammed it into a hotel.The hotel owner informed police, who began a manhunt and nabbed the foursome.Ashok Anvekar, convener, Bajrang Dal, Dharwad division, claimed: \"Our activists informed police about the incident. Policemen assaulted our workers and threatened them. Instead of taking action against illegal cattle transporters, they lodged a complaint against our workers on a written complaint from the cattle owner and truck owner.''The protesters wanted action against police constable Sunkad, who, they claimed, tortured the foursome. DCP (law and order) SM Pratapan held discussions with the protesters, who called off the stir after an assurance that action would be taken against the policeman.Hubli-Dharwad police commissioner B A Padmanayan said: \"The allegation against the constable will be probed and appropriate action taken if found guilty. The cattle have been shifted to a shed in Hubli.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16975152", "title": "Different colours of Eid-ul-Adha", "text": "INDORE: After the celebrations of Dussehra and Navaratra, people are now gearing up for the festive flavour of Eid-ul-Adha, also known as Bakr-Eid. The festival of sacrifice that is marked with fervour and gaiety would be celebrated here on Saturday.Although the usual fervour and gaiety that mark the festival were missing yet the festival of sacrifice was celebrated along with the customary rituals across the state capital on Tuesda. It would be celebrated withAfter Dussehra and Navaratra's dhoom, the festive flavour of Eid- Ul- Adha has swept the Muslim community which would be celebrating the festival with religious fervour and enthusiasm on Saturday. Eid- ul- Adha is also known as Bakr- EidMany families across the city are celebrating the festival in different ways. \"Eid-ul-Adha is celebrated on the tenth day of Duhl -Hijja that is the last month of the Islamic year\", said Sanjeeda Iqbal, Prof at Government Holkar College. She said that after the prayers are offered revellers start off their day by eating sheer korma. the day begins for the revellers with the breakfast of sheer korma\"We are excited for the occasion and have decided to donate money and meat to the poor and needy,\" she added. or distribute meat to the needy.\"My children are excited to get decked up forin their new attires. But this time we have decided toShabbir Ahmed , a student of DAVV recalls his childhood days when he used to make cards for his friends on the occasion of Bakr-Eid. entire near and dear ones on every Eid. \"Though, now I do not find time for making them, but I make sure to invite them for dinner to enjoy the feast prepared at home,\" said Shabbir. do invite my friends from college to enjoy the feast\",said Shabbir.Irfan Khan , a coach at Indore Tennis Academy will be missing home and is planning to celebrate it with his friends. \"Though I am missing home in Allahabad, but I plan to follow all the rituals and serve the sacrificed goat to the unprivileged,\" said Irfan. have many friends here with whom I will follow the rituals of Eid-Ul-Adah and will serve Some people away from their home will be missing their families. \", says Irfan.However, the director of a tennis academy, The Daly College Tennis Academy,Sajid Lodhi believes that the sacrificed goat is bought by the earning member of the family. said according to the ritual, goats are bought by the earning member of a family.\"We have four earning members, therefore we bought four goats,\" he said. He further added that the meat is distributed in three equal parts among the family members and friends. \"All of us are delighted to have mouth-watering non-vegetarian dishes along with sweet cuisines like muzafir, shahi toast and mutajan pakh.\" Lodhi said.The meat is distributed in three equal parts among the neighbours, friends, family and poor people. \"As it takes a day to slaughter the animals therefore we have kept a family get together on Sunday, in which many of our family and close friends will be invited, and also our Hindu friends after the Navratri festival will be delighted to have non-vegetarian dishes here along with our sweet cuisines and many other Eid special delicacies.\"The celebration of Eid-ul-Adha not only has religious significance but also carries a social connotation said Alim Khan, fashion choreographer and director. e are going to have a grand party at home and will sacrifice six goats. Ours is a joint family. Many of our Non-Muslim friends too would join us\" said Alim adding just like other festivals,\"Eid- Ul- Adha is observed with great enthusiasm and delicious food and drinks are an indispensable part of the festivity. \"We have decorated our house and prepared luscious sweets for the occasion,\" said Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16976653", "title": "Court orders arrest of Krishna Nagar station officer for contempt", "text": "KANPUR: The special metropolitan magistrate (First) of Kanpur Nagar J P Agarwal on Friday ordered Lucknow SSP R K Chaturvedi to arrest the officer in charge of Krishna Nagar police station for not complying with the court order as well as of his senior officers, and produce him before the court on November 22.The presiding judge observed that it was very strange that the police officer was not only flouting the court orders, but also not complying with the orders of his superiors.According to the case file, the court passed the above order in a case of cheque bouncing (138 NI Act).The court had wrote a letter to the Lucknow SSP on a previous date and asked to assign the station officer of Krishna Nagar police station to execute the attachment of property processes issued by this court. The court had further asked to ensure the arrest of accused Pawan Kumar Singh and produce him before the court on October 15.The SSP informed the court that the orders issued by the court had been conveyed to the station officer and he would execute the court orders. The court waited till this day but neither the station officer nor the accused turned up in the court. Thus, the station officer's act amounted to contempt of court.The presiding officer, in his order told the Lucknow SSP that the court was starting fresh attachment of property process and it should be executed by any other officer. Also, ensure the arrest of station officer Krishna Nagar in compliance of court order, the presiding officer added.The judge, in another case -- Saurabh Nigam v/s Surendra Singh -- ordered sub-inspector Surendra Pratap Singh, incharge Kidwai Nagar police outpost, to appear before the court on next date along with the general diary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16975480", "title": "Autorickshaw drivers in Kochi demand excess fares", "text": "KOCHI: City autorickshaw drivers have again unilaterally hiked fares citing rise in prices of petrol and diesel. And authorities seem to be unaware of the development and expressed their helplessness in doing anything about this as \"passengers normally prefer not to complain\".Though the government has reached an agreement with representatives of various auto-taxi trade unions on raising the minimum fare to Rs 15 from Rs 12, most drivers now charge Rs 15 or above. While the fixed fare per-km is Rs 7, city autos now charge Rs 10 for every additional kilometre. And a majority of the drivers are also not ready to operate the digital meters .\"Autos operating from prepaid counters have not been charging anything extra even after the fuel price hike. But if you call an auto from elsewhere, they charge more,\" said Anil Kumar , a resident of Vyttila.An official with the motor vehicle department here said digital meters had been made compulsory from 2004.\"Auto drivers tamper with the meter after producing the vehicle for tests. Passengers are not ready to complain, and this makes it difficult for us to take action. Charging extra fare from passengers can be checked if city permit is issued for operating autorickshaws,\" said the official.The centre for consumer education (CCE) said following the hike in the price of petrol, autorickshaws had hiked fares illegally. The centre, however, feels there is a need to restructure fares in a realistic manner.Auto drivers however claim they haven't hiked fares.\"If someone is charging extra, they can't be blamed as it is not profitable to operate autos on the present fare. We have been, for long, demanding a revision in auto fares, but the government has not taken any decision in this regard,\" said K R Saju, secretary, auto drivers' federation, Ernakulam.Even though the minimum fare fixed by the government last year is Rs 12, most auto drivers now charge Rs 15 or above", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16974171", "title": "Man suffers burns in gas leak", "text": "VASCO: A 36-year-old man had a narrow escape from a major accident, when he was repairing the leakage of 2kg cylinder lamp.PSI Nikhil Palyekar said, \"The man is undergoing treatment at a private hospital at Vasco and has sustained minor burns marks on face, hands and other parts of his body.\"At around 11.45am on Friday, Tabrat Hussain was working in his Emergency Gas Repairing Service Centre, Baina. Francisco Mendes, the SFO at Vasco, said, \"The owner informed us that while he was repairing the leakage of a 2kg cylinder lamp, he accidentally touched the lighter of the lamp and as there was a leakage, a big flame was produced, which burned Hussain.\" He was immediately shifted to a hospital.Mendes said that Hussain obtained no permissions to carry out the work. He used to refuel 2kg LPG lamps with the help of domestic cylinders. A domestic cylinder and other dangerous materials were found in his shop without the necessary precautionary measures. Mendes said, \"It is an example for many such service centres to first obtain permissions and keep all the fire fighting material ready.\" It can also be dangerous for the residential building.The fire station has written a letter to the civil supply Vasco, informing them about the use of domestic LPG cylinders for refueling without permissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16978832", "title": "Fire in multi-storeyed building in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Fire broke out on Saturday in an eleven-storeyed building in Nagpada area in South Mumbai.The blaze erupted at Abdul apartments next to Crystal Tower in the area, fire brigade sources said.Seven fire engines have been rushed to the spot.The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16975869", "title": "Many schools remain open on Bakr Eid", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Friday was a public holiday on the occasion of Bakr Eid. However, a number of schools especially in the western parts of the city, chose to remain open.According to rules, the holidays which are declared in the gazette of the state government have to be followed so as to cultivate a sense of unity in diversity in the state. However, many schools in the city flouted this rule.In Rajkot, authorities of three schools were arrested for violation of this notification. Ahmedabad district education office RI Patel said that no complaint had been received against violation of the notification. \"If we receive any complaint, action will be initiated against such schools,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16976538", "title": "Probes make no headway in minority welfare department", "text": "HYDERABAD: The minorities welfare department (MWD) may have its hands full with the AP State Minority Finance Corporation (APSMFC) scam, but the lethargic pace at which its other investigations are moving only points to its propensity to sweep things under the carpet. Many of these probes were ordered several months before the APSMFC scam broke out.Seven months ago an inquiry was announced to probe into the siphoning off of over Rs 20 crore at the Urdu Academy, but after being entangled in red tape, the scam has virtually been given a quiet burial under a hoard of dusty files in the MWD. The memo which was issued on March 19 ordering the constitution of a three-member inquiry team including Prof SA Shukoor, director, Centre for Education and Development of Minorities (CEDM), Mirza Hasan Ali Baig, Wakf survey commissioner and former chairman of Urdu Academy Shakir Ahmed too has been ignored. A bureaucrat who did not wish to be named said, \"The memo is an internal order which has the same effect of a GO. It is imperative that the orders of both be complied with.\"Earlier it was reported in these columns that the investigation was ordered after irregularities in disbursing pre-matric and post-matric scholarships to Urdu medium students and the appointment of over 280 of its staff had come to light. In addition to this, verification of bogus Urdu Academy computer centres in various districts and employees drawing inflated salaries were part of the probe.Sources claimed that Shakir Ahmed had retired a couple of months ago and a replacement was yet to be appointed. The appointment of Ahmed as an inquiry officer had raised eyebrows. According to the GO, the inquiry report should have been submitted within 15 days of the date of issuance of the memo. One inquiry officer said that the file pertaining to the Urdu Academy scam is sitting in minister of minorities welfare Mohammed Ahmedullah's office.In another instance of delay in closing inquiries, the minorities welfare department on April 4 had ordered a probe into allegations of corruption involving Wakf Board chairman Syed Ghulam Afzal Biyabani by means of a 'confidential' GO. According to the document, the inquiry officers were to submit the report to the government within 30 days. Sources said that the accused were called to the MWD for questioning but no GO was issued to take the matter further.When TOI had reported the issue in August, the confidential GO had suddenly 'appeared' on the website. Dana Kishore, secretary, minorities welfare department, remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953494", "title": "Chewing paan can cause oral cancer", "text": "Chewing betel quid or paan exposes half a billion people to substances that act as direct carcinogens in the mouth, scientists have revealed .Mu-Rong Chao and Chiung-Wen Hu explained that betel quid (BQ) consists of nuts from the arcea tree, sometimes combined with spices, such as cardamom or saffron, and other ingredients.Available in commercial forms, BQ is popular among people in China, India and other Asian countries, and people of Asian heritage living in the U.S. and other countries.Scientists have known for decades that chewing BQ can lead to oral cancer, and showed recently that the substances in BQ could be changed into carcinogens in the body.The researchers explored whether there were any substances in the arcea nut that can cause cancer directly, without any need for the body to change or \"activate\" them.They discovered that compounds in the arcea nut can \"alkylate\" the genetic material DNA, causing changes that increase the risk of cancer, and they are present in betel quid in amounts high enough to do so.\"Our study showed that these alkylating agents are present at levels sufficient to cause DNA damage and could potentially have adverse implications to human health, particularly in the case of the development of oral cancer for BQ chewers,\" they said.Scientists reported in ACS' journal Chemical Research in Toxicology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16977911", "title": "Amazing to see the rise of F1 in India: Lewis Hamilton", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amazed to see the rapid rise of Formula One in India, McLaren driver Lewis Hamilton said the F1 race here could become one of the best of the year given the country's potential.\"It is amazing to see the rise of India in Formula One. From a driver (Narain Karthikeyan), to a team and then a Grand Prix in a matter of few years shows the potential of the country,\" the 2008 F1 champion told PTI in an interview.\"I am amazed at the development and rise of Formula One in India in a matter of few years. India will become a major destination on the F1 calendar in the coming years,\" he said.Inspired by the vibrant colours of India, Hamilton will be sporting a specially designed helmet during the Indian GP.\"I try and play with the design of my helmet in a few races around the year. Be it the first race of the season, or Monaco , Silverstone or the season-ending Brazil GP. Indian GP is a very special race for me and hence I have designed a special helmet.\"It has the 'Holi' effect with different colours like the beautiful and colourful festival in India and also has a special message in Hindi meaning Believe in yourself enough and anything is possible.\"Hamilton felt that Narain Karthikeyan's move to Force India would do wonders as he is presently driving a slower car in HRT.The Brit said the Indian driver has not been able to drive a competitive car until now due to which he has not secured any good results.\"Not all drivers get fast cars. But, if Karthikeyan were to get to race for Force India, just I drive for a British team, it can work wonders and do great for both the driver and the car.\"Hamilton is disappointed at how the season has panned out for the Woking-based Mclaren outfit so far.\"It has been a struggle this year for us. In the first part we faced a lot of problems with the pit stop while in the second half we have struggled with the tyres,\" Hamilton said.Hamilton is fourth, 62 points behind Vettel who is at the top while Ferrari's Fernando Alonso is six points behind him. While McLaren have slipped to third in the constructors' standings - six points behind Ferrari and 83 points adrift of leaders and defending champions Red Bull.\"We are hoping to salvage things and fight for the Constructors' title till the very end. It is difficult but it can be done,\" said a positive Hamilton.On the question of replacing the legendary Michael Schumacher in the Mercedes team, he feels that those are very big boots to fill.\"Michael has been a phenomenon. He is a legendary driver and I am looking to continue the good work with the German team.\"Leaving a team that he had been with since when he was 13, was not easy for the Brit.\"It was a tough decision to leave a team with which I have been since I was a teenager. But, these things happen and who knows maybe someday before I end my career I might even be racing in a Ferrari car!\"Praising Championship leader Sebastian Vettel and Red Bull engineer Adrian Newey , Hamilton said \"When I won the world championship, I wasn't as lucky as Sebastian, who has got a ridiculously fast car.\"Adrian has done something tremendous with his car. It will help him to be dominant the next year as well,\" Hamilton said of the 25-year-old German who is chasing a third championship in a row.\"As for me, for the rest of the year now it's just to try and help the team win the constructors' championship,\" added Hamilton.F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone recently said that Hamilton joining Mercedes team is an \"inspired\" move and will motivate the German outfit to raise themselves tremendously.Hamilton feels that \"the new challenge at Mercedes is an important step in my career and racing with my close buddy Nico Roseberg is an added benefit.\"He feels proud to have played a part in making F1 a complete sport which has a place for everyone in it. F1 was an all 'white' sport before Hamilton became the first coloured driver to race.\"It is great if I have managed to break the barrier and do something like what Tiger Woods did for golf. I have played my own part in it and am happy with the achievement.\"Very few sportspersons are so privileged to have an impact on the game they play and if I have managed to do something like that, it is an honour for me.\"With a packed schedule, Hamilton rarely gets to follow other games, but he likes tennis and cricket.\"I am a fan of West Indies cricket team and I am amazed by the Indian cricket team who have such excellent batsmen in the team.\"McLaren last won the constructors' title in 1998, although they would have won the 2007 championship had the team not been stripped of all their points for a scandal involving leaked Ferrari data in their possession.\"To go out on a high and help the team win the championship like that would be fantastic,\" Hamilton said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16976567", "title": "Bihar State Electricity Board's financial restructuring approved", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar government on Friday approved a \"transfer scheme and financial restructuring plan\" to effect the transfer and distribution of human resources, properties, assets and liabilities of Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) among the five new power companies constituted under the provisions of the Electricity Act, 2003.The state government will spend an estimated Rs 14,099 crore in the next five years on the financial restructuring plan, cabinet secretariat department's principal secretary Vijoy Prakash said while briefing newsmen after the cabinet meeting. The cabinet has given provisional approval to the restructuring plan for one year after which a review will take place and, if need be, the scheme will be modified, Prakash said.The five companies to be constituted are Bihar State Power Company (the holding company), Bihar State Power Transmission Company, Bihar State Power Generation Company, South Bihar Power Distribution Company and North Bihar Power Distribution Company. \"However, the service conditions of the BSEB's existing employees will remain unchanged after the transfer of their services to the new companies,\" Prakash said.The BSEB currently has nearly 1,700 officers and 14,850 employees. Its installed generation capacity is 559.2MW. On August 2, 2011, the state cabinet had given its nod to unbundling of the BSEB.The cabinet also approved a proposal of the backward class and extremely backward class (BC &amp; EBC) welfare department for expenditure of Rs 580.85 crore in 2012-13 for payment of increased stipend to the BC and EBC students of government schools. It also approved an education department's proposal for expenditure of about Rs 60 crore for payment of Rs 10,000 each to the 59,643 girl students who passed matric examination in first division under the Mukhyamantri Balika Protsahan Scheme.Approving another proposal of the education department, the cabinet sanctioned Rs 300 crore for payment of arrears of pension and other benefits to retired employees besides arrears of serving employees of different universities in FY 2012-13. It also gave its nod for release of Rs 6.51 crore for various expenditures of Sainik schools in Nalanda and Goplaganj in FY 2012-13.The cabinet also approved a health department's proposal to sanction a grant-in-aid of Rs 35 crore to meet the establishment-related expenditures of Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences, Patna.Winter session of state Houses from November 29The winter session of state legislature will begin from November 29, 2012. As per the provisional schedule approved by the state cabinet on Friday, both the Houses would remain in session till December 5, 2012. On November 30, the government will table its second supplementary budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16975883", "title": "3 held for molesting minor", "text": "BELGAUM: Police on Friday arrested three youths from the district's Gokak taluk on charges of molesting a minor and circulating obscene videos.District police chief Sandeep Patil said that based on a tip-off that obscene clips were doing the rounds, they tracked down the minor girl featured in the video. The girl told police officers that a group of four boys molested her in a Gokak sugarcane farm on September 23. The incident came to light on October 19.The arrested have been identified as Mallikarjun, 23, Ramumugari, 21, and Mallappa Gugri, 23. The fourth accused is still at large.The arrested trio have been booked under IPC Sections 354 (molestation) and 292 (circulating indecent video) and released on bail. Medical tests were conducted on the victim and the accused. The results are expected in a couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16980039", "title": "Chhattisgarh to put fake drug data online", "text": "RAIPUR: In a major step aimed to check the circulation of spurious and substandard drugs, besides cutting the red tape for various processes for pharmaceutical industry and retailers, the Chhattisgarh Food Drug Control Administration (FDCA) is soon set to go online with various services. Once in place, the data of spurious and substandard drugs circulating in the market would be uploaded online with their batch numbers and other details.Confirming the move , K Subramanian, food safety commissioner for Chhattisgarh and controller food and drugs administration, said, \"We have already started uploading the existing data and by November 15 we will complete the process. Subsequently, the data would be updated on day to day basis and our services would be launched by December.\" Taking a cue from Gujarat government, which has already implemented the online system, the Chhattisgarh government is also using the unique software, Extended Laboratory Node through National Informatics Centre (NIC).The Gujarat FDCA is closely working with its Chhattisgarh counterparts for the implementation of the project. Interestingly, Gujarat is sharing the software with at least half a dozen other states.Elaborating the advantages of the online process, Subramanian said that it will be easier for people to locate chemist shops and even trace chemists who stock life saving drugs.Besides this, public can also see a detailed list of the latest spurious or sub-standard drugs in the market. A special facility in this software is a module where one can even locate homeopathy drug centres in the state. At present, there are about 8000 pharmacy stores in Chhattisgarh and FDCA receives approximately 50 new registration applications per month. With the help of the new technology, applicants can apply online and check its status.Giving the details on the advancement of the technology and its benefits, Subramanian said that the electronic system would dispense the delay for both wholesale dealers and retailers, thereby ensuring efficiency. The model also helps chemists cut their visits to the government offices. He further said, \"We have kept Form 19 online which is useful for the applicant for online registration.\" He said that an applicant can download it as well as submit his request online. The applicant should mention his authentic mobile number. After the data is received, it is sent to the respective district inspector so that he can take action accordingly. \"This will enhance our capability and work will get done more efficiently,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975843", "title": "Faux pas mars Mamata's Himachal campaign plans", "text": "KOLKATA: Trinamool Congress poll managers have let down Mamata Banerjee in her ambitious foray into Himachal Pradesh. The Election Commission has rejected the list of Trinamool star campaigners - including Mamata - for the November 4 assembly elections as her party missed the deadline by a day.Mamata had put her Bharat Darshan Yatra on hold to campaign for the party in Himachal. The party had also submitted a list of 20 star campaigners including the Bengal CM and 11 party MPs. But the list was given to the EC on October 18, instead of October 17.So now, if the Trinamool supremo and other senior party leaders want to fulfill their wish of visiting the state, the expenses will be tagged with the candidates' maximum expenditure ceiling of Rs 25 lakh. The Bengal chief minister's trip alone is likely to reach the Rs 25-lakh mark. Had the EC approved the star campaigners' list, the trip expenditure wouldn't have been included. This would have given all the 25 Trinamool candidates a wider berth to fund their campaign expenses.Former Union minister Sultan Ahmed confirmed the setback. \"This (EC's rejection of the campaigners' list) has put a question mark on the senior leaders who were to campaign in Himachal Pradesh. But this has taught us that the Trinamool Congress needs a fully functional office in New Delhi to coordinate on party matters nationwide. This has become imperative now or such things will happen again,\" he said.However, it is still not known whose lapse led to the problem. Trinamool MP K D Singh is the party's one-point contact on the Himachal Pradesh polls and Trinamool national secretary Mukul Roy oversees the party's interaction with the EC. It is still not clear why these senior leaders were not adequately briefed on the impending October 17 deadline. Roy wasn't available for comments.Trinamool Congress had recently contested polls in Manipur (where Mamata herself campaigned), Arunachal Pradesh, Goa and Uttar Pradesh where all the poll formalities were carried out in time.The faux pas at Himachal Pradesh can cost Trinamool dear. While CPM, which has locked horns with the Trinamool in at least three seats, is likely to get Sitaram Yechury and Brinda Karat as campaigners, Congress leads with a high-profile lineup. Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi, Motilal Vora, Digvijaya Singh, Capt Amarinder Singh, Jyotiraditya Scindia, Raj Babbar and Sanjay Nirupam will canvass for their candidates.BJP also poses a tough competition with Nitin Gadkari, L K Advani, Narendra Modi, Rajnath Singh, Uma Bharti, Sushma Swaraj, Varun Gandhi, Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi and actors Smriti Irani and Kirron Kher.Neither Mamata nor her MPs Sudip Bandopadhyay, Saugata Roy and Sultan Ahmed are certain of joining the campaign pitch submitted the list a day later than the last date on October 17 for doing so.For Trinamool Congress which has put up candidates in at least 25 seats, it means that if any senior leader were to campaign for the party in Himachal Pradesh, the expenses for it will be tagged to the candidates' maximum expenditure ceiling of Rs 25-lakh. If the EC had approved the star campaigner list, this expenditure wouldn't have been included. This would have given Trinamool candidates a wider berth to fund their campaign expenses. Trinamool Congress had submitted a list of its 20 star campaigners including Mamata and 11 party MPs as star campaigners. The list was provided by TMC on October 18, while the last date for its submission to the Commission was October 17, seven days after the issue of poll notification for the Himachal elections. Therefore, the expenditure incurred on star campaigners is not accounted for in the candidates' poll expenses and this privilege will now be not available to the campaigners.Former Union minister Sultan Ahmed confirmed the setback. \"Yes this has put a question mark on the senior leaders from campaigning in Himachal Pradesh. But this has taught us that Trinamool Congress needs a fully functional office in New Delhi to coordinate on party matters nation-wide. This has become imperative now or such things will happen again,\" he said. However, it is still not clear whose lapse led to the problem. Party MP K.D.Singh is the party's one-point-contact on the Himachal Pradesh polls and party national secretary Mukul Roy oversees the party's interaction with the EC. It is still not clear why these senior leaders were not adequately briefed on the impending October 17 deadline. Trinamool Congress had recently contested polls in Manipur (where Mamata herself campaigned), Arunachal Pradesh, Goa and Uttar Pradesh. This didn't pose a problem in any of these places before. Roy wasn't available for his comments.This also comes at a time, when Trinamool has locked horns with CPM in atleast three seats, where Sitaram Yechury and Brinda Karat are likely to campaign for the party. So as Congress leads the charge with high-profile campaigns by Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi, Motilal Vora, Digvijaya Singh, Capt Amarinder Singh, Jyotiraditya Scindia, Raj Babbar and Sanjay Nirupam, and BJP follows suit by Nitin Gadkari, L K Advani, Narendra Modi, Rajnath Singh, Uma Bharti, Sushma Swaraj, Varun Gandhi, Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, and actresses Smriti Irani and Kiran Kher - neither Mamata, nor her MPs Sudip Bandopadhyay, Saugata Roy and Sultan Ahmed are uncertain to join the campaign pitch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16977579", "title": "With Clinton's backing, PIO tipped to win Congress seat", "text": "WASHINGTON: Having bagged the endorsement of former United States president Bill Clinton, Indian American Democratic Congressional candidate from California, Ami Bera appears to have moved closer to victory.The independent Center for Politics at the University of Virginia moved his seat (California 7th Congressional District) from a \"tossup\" to a \"Lean Democratic\" which means that Bera has now greater chances of winning the seat by defeating the incumbent Dan Lungren of Republican Party.\"If there is one state where Republican House chances appear to be slipping, it's in heavily Democratic California, which is why we've added Representatives Dan Lungren (R, CA-7 ) and Jeff Denham (R, CA-10 ) to Representative Brian Bilbray (R, CA-52 ) in the 'leans Democratic' column, meaning we believe all three incumbents are underdogs in their battles to return to Congress,\" the Center for Politics said on Thursday.This new ranking comes as a further boost to Bera's campaign , which early this month was endorsed by Clinton and the popular daily newspaper Sacramento Bee from California. In the third quarter ending September 30, Bera added more than $731,000 to his campaign funds, and outraising his opponent Dan Lungren by more than $223,000.Bera, whose parents migrated to the US from India over 50 years ago, has now successfully outraised Lungren for 12 out of the last 13 quarters and netted almost $2.7 million this cycle. Along with Bera, a record number of six Indian American candidates are in fray for the House of Representatives, the upper house of the US legislature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16980561", "title": "Damarukam\u2019s new release date is Nov 9", "text": "The latest we hear about Damarukam is that the Nagarjuna-starrer will release on November 9. It was earlier buzzed that the film might hit the marquee on November 2 but fresh reports now suggest that Damarukam would release on November 9.The socio-fantasy entertainer was supposed to release long back but the unfinished VFX works has been prompting the makers to constantly push the release date. The Srinivas Reddy-directed film has some high-octane graphics, which will fascinate the audience it seems. Anushka will be playing Nag's romantic interest and Prakash Raj will be seen in an important role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973809", "title": "Hotel room rates may go up by Rs 400", "text": "PUNE: Charges for accommodation in four star and five star hotels across the city are expected to increase by 5% to 7% till January next year, pushing up a tourist's expenditure by about Rs 400 a day.Rising overhead costs, fuel hike, staff salaries and other input costs have pushed the industry to increase room tariffs, said Surinder Singh, president of Pune Hotels' Association. \"Some hotels may do it now while others may do in January 2013. It is more of a rate correction. Due to high room inventory since the past two years, hotels had to cut tariff. However, we do not see new hotels opening up in the next two years, which means that room supply will more or less remain constant.\" Singh said the 5-7% hike, which translates into an average increase of Rs 300 to Rs 400, can be expected in four and five star hotels. However, some hotels may not revise their rates at all, he said.Kamlesh Barot, immediate past president, Federation of Hotel and Restaurant Associations of India ( FHRAI), said, \"Hotels across the country have hiked rates. The average room rates across all hotel categories in the country last year was Rs 4,600. The 5-7% hike will take this cost up to Rs 5,000 approximately.\"Quoting from a nation-wide study undertaken by a consulting and services organization, Barot said, \"The average hotel room rate in Pune was Rs 5,810 in 2009-10, Rs 4,949 in 2010-11 and Rs 4,388 in 2011-12. In the last five years, Pune's hotel supply has seen a growth of about 320%, resulting in a decline in occupancy. This resulted in a steep fall of 11.3% in the average rates of hotel rooms.\"Vikram Shetty, managing director, at a city-based hotel, said that the end cost of operating a hotel has gone up due to the recent hike in service tax. The Centre had earlier reduced the tax abatement provided on hotel accommodation, thereby jacking up the tax on accommodation from 6.18% to 7.42%. Service tax on food and beverages had also gone up from 3.71% to 4.94% from July this year, making a dent in consumers' pockets.\"Room tariff revision usually takes place around October as the number of tourists coming to the city from other countries increase around Christmas,\" said Shetty.Amit Bhosale, owner of two hotels in the city, said, \"There has also been a big mismatch between the amount of money invested in building hotels and the rates of rooms. Hence a revision has been sought.\"The chief executive officer of a hotel chain in the city said that costs in terms of transport, raw materials and others expenses have increased considerably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16974325", "title": "Ferrari sparks a diplomatic row at Indian Grand Prix", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ferrari's decision to carry the logo of Italian navy's flag on its cars as support for the two Italian marines held here as prisoners, has led to another diplomatic spat between the two nations.Indian officials stated that the move was not in keeping with the spirit of sports. This was after the Italian foreign minister Giulio Terzi openly backed Ferrari saying that the entire country was behind the marines - Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone - accused of killing Indian fishermen off the coast of Kerala.\"The matter is sub judice. As for using sporting events to promote causes which are not of a sporting nature, it is not in keeping with the spirit of sports ,\" MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.Terzi had earlier complimented Ferrari for its decision to display the navy flag on its cars. \"Congratulations to Ferrari for displaying the Navy's symbol at the India GP. It will show the sailors the whole country is behind them,\" he had said. This comment came after Ferrari said on Thursday that they \"wanted to pay tribute to all the Italian Navy\" and that this gesture was \"a sign of hope that a solution can be found about the case that involves two Italian sailors\".While a chargesheet has been filed against them by the local cops, Italy has approached the Supreme Court saying that Indian authorities have no jurisdiction in the matter. The two marines have been granted bail but they are required to remain in the country.Times ViewFerrari's decision to use the Italian navy's insignia on its cars during practice may understandably incense many people in India, but the government would have done better not to wade into the controversy. The gesture may be in bad taste and construed as abusing India's hospitality, but how does that make it a diplomatic incident? Ferrari is not a representative of the government of Italy. If Formula One's rules prohibit participants from using the platform of the sport to espouse political causes, it is for the sport's administrators to take a call on whether this constitutes a violation of those rules in letter or spirit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16974389", "title": "Four more test positive for dengue", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four fresh cases of dengue have been reported from Coimbatore district, including a case within corporation limits and the other three cases from rural areas on Thursday. With this, the total number of cases reported has increased to 38 in the district so far.The only case that tested positive from the corporation limit includes a seven-year-girl Harshini, a residentfrom Kannan nagar. Cases from rural areas include a 34-year-old from NGGO Colony Thudiyalur, a 32-year-old woman from Venkateswara nagar in Pollachi and a 38-year-old girl from V R Garden in Chinniyampalayam.P Sivaprakasamm, resident medical officer, CMCH said that of the 24 cases diagnosed with dengue, 17 of them have already been discharged. He added special wards have been arranged to take care of the patients and adequate platelets are stored in case of necessity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "doraha", "code": "16976039", "title": "Amanjot, Ankit write winning essays", "text": "DORAHA: Students from 26 institutes across the state participated in an inter-school cultural festival 'Roshini-2012', which is being organized by Doraha Institute of Management &amp; Technology (DIMT). On the first day of the festival, teams from various schools competed in various literary, cultural and fine arts events.The events held on the first day included quiz, rangoli, mehendi, essay writing, poster making, cartooning, face painting, dance to the tune, fancy dress and folk song-solo. The DIMT campus beamed with energy.Chairman of Doraha Group of Institutes Sukhpal Singh inaugurated the fest as the chief guest. He said the students need to develop their personality through extra-curricular activities so that they are ready for working in ever demanding corporate world.DIMT principal Hapreet Singh reminded the students that they share the responsibility of shaping up the future of this country.RESULTSThe first prize winners are: Rangoli | Malveen Kaur, Vasudha Tiwari, DAV Public School; Essay writing (Punjabi) | Amanjot Kaur, Guru Nanak Model School; Essay writing (English) | Kumar Ankit, GRD Academy; Quiz | Vikram, Karan Jaitley and Shailja from GRD Academy; Mehendi | Sonia, Ramgarhia Girls Senior Secondary School; Fancy dress | Palak, Green Land Senior Secondary Public School; Dance to the tune | Monisha Sikka, Green Land School; Cartooning | Sarthak Kapoor, DAV Public School; Face-painting | Archana, BCM School", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16980412", "title": "See top 10 weirdest phone insurance claims", "text": "LONDON: The top 10 weirdest mobile phone insurance claims have been revealed, including a farmer who lost his iPhone inside a cow, a woman who baked her handset into a Victoria Sponge and another lady whose smartphone was snatched by a seagull.A team at www.mobileinsurance.co.uk filtered through their insurance claims from the past year to compile this hilarious list, the Mirror reported.On top of the list is a farmer from Devon who claimed his phone had disappeared inside the back end of one of his cows when he'd been using the torch on his iPhone whilst assisting the cow during calving. The phone later made an appearance, but was damaged.He was followed by a lady from Nottingham, who is in her early 40s, claiming that she'd baked her Nokia 6303i into a Victoria Sponge she'd been making for her daughter's birthday. It didn't endure the heat of gas marks.Another lady in her 30s claimed she'd been walking her Cocker Spaniel on Barry Island beach, Wales , when a seagull swooped down and took her Samsung Galaxy from her hand, the paper reported.A woman in her late 20s from Bristol claimed the vibration function on her BlackBerry Bold 9900 phone had stopped working whilst she was using it as an adult toy.A 40-year-old construction worker said his iPhone 4S had fallen out of his back pocket when he pulled his jeans down before sitting on the toilet. Not realising, he went about his business and flushed the chain. The phone didn't flush, but underwent serious water damage.A man in his 30s claimed he'd been filming monkeys from the car window in Longleat Safari Park with his HTC One X when a monkey climbed on the roof and snatched it.A couple re-enacting the \"I'm King of the World!\" scene from Titanic lost their phone over the side of their cruise ship, whilst trying to take a photo of themselves.A pyrotechnician was setting up a show for the National Fireworks Championships in Plymouth, and having left his iPhone 3GS within the \"blast zone\", it was nowhere to be found when he returned post-show, having been fired 3,000 feet into the air before exploding in a stunning display.A lady in her 20s from Liverpool admitted she'd thrown her HTC Desire X at her boyfriend, whom she'd discovered was cheating, but it missed him and hit a wall, breaking the handset.Rather than paying 60 pounds for a ticket to see Blur at their sell-out Hyde Park shows, one customer tried to film the event on his iPhone from up a nearby tree - he got a little too excited as the band came on stage though, and dropped his phone onto the ground below.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16974032", "title": "MBA student, friend robbed of valuables worth Rs 93,000", "text": "PUNE: An MBA student and his friend were robbed of their gold chains, cash and scooter, together valued at Rs 93,000, near Chandni Chowk on Thursday night.A complaint has been lodged by Nisarg Patel (22) of Bavdhan with the Warje Malwadi police station.Speaking to TOI, assistant police inspector S L Pandhare said that Patel is an MBA student from a city-based college. On Thursday, around 9.30 pm, he was going to Vedvihar complex on Paud road to drop his friend Dhruv Narola. \"Near Chandni Chowk, two persons on a motorcycle waylaid them and started abusing them,\" Pandhare said.The motorcycle rider started accusing Patel of not riding his scooter properly, saying that he could cause an accident. He told Patel to take him to his house, as he wanted to make a complaint against Patel. \"Patel asked the person to follow him, but the person took charge of Patel's scooter, saying he would ride the scooter as Patel and his friend may flee the spot,\" Pandhare said.Pandhare said that the suspect then forced Patel and Narola to sit on the scooter and told his accomplice to follow on motorcycle. \"Instead of going towards Bavdhan, the suspect rode the scooter to the Katraj-Dehu Road bypass. He stopped on the service road of the highway and again threatened Patel and Narola,\" Pandhare said.Pandhare said the duo then snatched Patel and Narola's gold chains, took their money and fled the scene with Patel's scooter.\"We have registered an offence under charges of robbery and have launched a search operation to trace the suspects,\" Pandhare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16974698", "title": "Fortis Memorial Research Institute to go operational from October 29", "text": "GURGAON: The newly built Fortis Memorial Research Institute (FMRI) - labelled the 'next generation hospital' by its designers and representatives - will be formally inaugurated this Monday, October 29. The 450-bed concept hospital, equipped with dozens of food and retail outlets, is a one-of-a-kind fusion of a medical facility and a shopping mall.\"Our out-patient department was already in place. But this Monday will see a full-fledged launch,\" said a company representative. At present, the 11 acre facility has 25 operating rooms, 108 ICU beds and two catheterization diagnostic labs. And according to Fortis Healthcare officials, the second phase of operations will see the number of beds at the hospital going up from 450 to 1000.\"FMRI is designed to provide the comfort and warmth of an inviting home,\" the official statement of the hospital reads. And the designers of this facility - by setting up fountains and sculptures in the lobby, and using 'ambient mood lighting' even for the MRI rooms - have aimed at doing away with the cold, clinical air usually associated with hospitals.At the moment, FMRI representatives say that there are nine retail stores and nine food outlets and cafes already in place here. And plans to have a creche, a health-club-cum-spa, and a movie lounge in the same area are now in the works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16976419", "title": "'Adults these days lose their cool 336 times a year'", "text": "LONDON: The average modern adult sees \"the red mist\" 28 times a month, or 336 times in one year, a study has found. Financial worries and lack of sleep were found to be the main contributors to anger, along with hunger, cold callers, rudeness and being lied to.Researchers studied 2,000 people to discover how tempers impact on our lives, the Daily Express reported. They found that six in 10 people are annoyed by trivial day to day matters without even knowing the reason behind it. As many as one in four people said they sometimes reach a level of anger where they risk \"losing control\".One in four said anger has an impact on their overall relationship, while one in three have a particular incident they regret after losing their temper.A sharp tongued 64% say anger makes them likely to snap at people, while a third say they deal with it by just going very quiet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974269", "title": "From Nov, residents to get updates", "text": "MUMBAI: The Urban Design Research Institute (UDRI) will send updates on the progress of the city's Development Plan (DP), which is currently being formulated. All citizens' groups and residents' associations will get a newsletter 'Mumbai Bol - Speak Up for Mumbai' from the institute.The next DP for Mumbai will be unveiled in 2014. It will decide the course of the city's growth for the next 20 years and chart out how the available land will be used for public transportation, schools and other vital amenities. The plan will impact the people of Mumbai and hence, it must take into account their needs and aspirations, said activists.The UDRI has initiated a public participation process to support the civic body in preparing the DP. \"We are reaching out to various stakeholders-citizens' groups, students and political parties-to help build stronger networks across the city that can help contribute towards a truly representative city plan,\" said an activist. On September 27, TOI reported on how the a 2-sq-km area in every corporator's ward will be physically monitored by citizens to scrutinize existing land use (ELU) pattern in their neighbourhood, which will help in formulating the DP. The new plan will be prepared and ratified in 2014 to be implemented till 2034.Currently, the UDRI is engaged in looking at how a public participation process can be created to inform the making of the DP.The institute has undertaken a campaign on a social networking website called 'Plan Your Mumbai'.\"We want to keep the public in the know during the DP's formulation. We feel it is necessary to reach out to a cross-section of the city,\" said a UDRI spokesperson. Citizens will be expected to identify the DP deficiencies in their neighbourhood, locality and municipal ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "16975524", "title": "Newborn dies, parents file complaint against hospital", "text": "KOLLAM: The parents of a two-day-old baby, who died at the Shanker's Institute of Medical Sciences (SIMS) here on October 19, has alleged negligence on the part of the hospital authorities for the death. Based on a complaint by Shyamkumar, the father of the newborn, Kollam East police have registered a case against the hospital authorities.Shyamkumar has alleged that the hospital authorities cheated him and his relatives by hushing up the real reason behind the death of the child. \"There was a large burn on the back of the child and we were not informed about it,\" he said. It was on October 17 that Shyamkumar's wife, Bismi, was admitted to the hospital for her second delivery. She gave birth to a baby girl the next day. The child looked healthy and weighed around 2.5 kg at the time of birth. On the night of October 19, the baby was taken to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) by one of the nurses saying that the child had developed some complications. Shyamkumar said the child looked healthy then. By next day morning, he was informed that the baby's condition was serious and it was put on ventilator. But, it was on Sunday last that Shyamkumar got to see the large burn mark on the back of the baby in the photographs taken during the time of preparing the inquest. One of his relatives, a doctor, suggested that the burn might have been caused by the incubator or warmer in the NICU.However, the hospital authorities have denied all the allegations and said that the death was caused due to respiratory troubles the child developed during the time of birth. When asked about the wound, hospital officials declined to comment saying that the postmortem report is not out.Hospital authorities say that the child died due to respiratory troubles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16973901", "title": "Accused in J Dey murder case admitted to hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: An important accused in the J Dey murder case, Vinod Asrani alias Vinod Chembur, was admitted to St George's Hospital with kidney failure on Friday.\"Since he was arrested in July 2011 in connection with the murder case, his health has deteriorated. Initially, he was regularly brought to JJ Hospital and was receiving treatment. Now, both his kidneys have failed,\" said a police officer.Asrani, who has been booked under the MCOCA, is accused of calling Dey to a Mulund bar and identifying the scribe to Rajan's shooters, including Satish Tangappa alias Kalia. Cops claim Asrani is a former aide of fugitive don Chhota Rajan. Dey (56) was shot dead near his Powai residence on June 11, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16974276", "title": "Central Empowered Committee (CEC) may visit Goa on Sunday to probe mining", "text": "PANAJI: The Supreme Court's (SC) Central Empowered Committee (CEC) is likely to arrive in Goa on Sunday to investigate the alleged illegal mining in the state vis-a-vis the Shah Commission report. The three-member team will be led by the CEC chairman P V Jayakrishanan, who was former secretary, MoEF, and ex-chief secretary of Goa.The other members of the team are Mahendra Vyas and amicus curiae Siddharth Chaudhary. The team will arrive on October 28, 2012 and will leave the state on October 31, 2012.According to sources, the team is likely hold meetings with mining stakeholders. \"The team will meet truck owners, barge owners, mine owners and lease holders,\" said sources . The team will also visit the mining belt in both north and south Goa to check out the violations pointed out in the Shah commission report.Sources also said that before leaving the state, the team will hold a meeting with mine owners on the issue. The directorate of mines has already issued directions for various government departments to make necessary arrangements for the team.It may be recalled that acting on a PIL filed by the Goa Foundation seeking a probe into illegal mining activities in the state, the Supreme Court directed the CEC to submit its report within four weeks. Meanwhile, director of mines Prasanna Acharya has left for Delhi to submit the detailed information sought by the CEC. On Tuesday, the mines department had submitted the report to the CEC but the committtee had asked the department to furnish additional and more detailed information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16976140", "title": "Mumbai load big guns for Ranji Trophy opener", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Ranji Trophy squad that usually plays the first match of the season amidst deafening silence thanks to diminishing interest levels in domestic cricket, will be surprised to find a sizeable crowd cheering them on against Railways in their season-opener at Wankhede, come November 2.That's the power a certain Sachin Tendulkar can wield. The master batsman will turn out for the 39-time Ranji Champions for the first time in four years to get himself back in form for the four-Test series against England.The last time Tendulkar played for Mumbai was in the Ranji Trophy final in January 2009, when Mumbai beat Uttar Pradesh, in Hyderabad.Tendulkar, it must be noted has been in poor form and was bowled thrice in succession in the Two-test series against New Zealand. His decision to turn up for Mumbai shows how badly he wants to get back into top form to meet the challenge that England bowlers Stuart Broad , James Anderson and Graham Swann present.Mumbai will also have the services of Zaheer Khan. The left-arm-seamer and India's pace spearhead will want some bowling under his belt as he didn't play in the Champions League and hasn't bowled in a match after the World T20, in Sri Lanka.Ajinkya Rahane and Rohit Sharma , two batsmen who have been on permanent wait-list mode, especially in Test cricket, will enjoy the chance to play on home turf and would love to stake a claim, especially Rohit. The talented middle-order batsman has failed to deliver consistently and has been unable to marry talent and good form on a regular basis. Rahane , who has also been named in the India 'A' squad to take on England at CCI, from October 30, has a big chance to score big in both games and knock hard on the doors of the selectors as they would be looking for opening options considering the poor form of Sehwag and Gambhir .Mumbai have named rookie wicket-keeper Aditya Tare in the squad. He replaces Omkar Gurav and Sushant Marathe.The Team:Ajit Agarkar (Captain), Sachin Tendulkar, Zaheer Khan , Ramesh Powar , Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Abhishek Nayar , Kaustubh Pawar, Dhaval Kulkarni, Ankit Chavan , Iqbal Abdullah , Aditya Tare (wk), Akhil Herwadkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "saligao", "code": "16974244", "title": "The yogi who doesn't believe in religion", "text": "SALIGAO: A yogi who doesn't believe in religion is usually hard to come by. But Delhi-based yogi Ashwini proudly states \"I'm an atheist. I don't believe in religion despite being a yogi.\"Claiming that \"there is no such thing as religion\", he adds, \"Yoga is a science.\"Yogi Ashwini was recently in Saligao with his disciple Chandni Jain, to promote her book 'Doomsday Y'.Jain said she accidentally landed at the yogi's ashram. There she \"was introduced to some practices of sanatan kriya and realized the science behind it.\"She said she \"used to make fun of it earlier and thought it was boring\". \"But it has been a process of learning and I have experienced it myself,\" she said.Explaining how the yogi suggested that she write the book, Jain said, \"I was skeptical but he said if you have changed, others can also change.\"\"How many of us actually know our culture?\" Ashwini interjected. \"I have conducted vedic havans. Actual gods have appeared during the havans. At the ceremony you connect with god and when you do that god appears in front of you.\"He claimed his devotees \"including engineers and architects\" have seen the gods appearing at the havans.\"The world of gods exists, but since we have been disrespecting this, doomsday is coming,\" he said, explaining 'Doomsday Y'.Jain added, \"Modern scientists are acknowledging facts of a doomsday.\"Explaining reasons why doomsday will occur, the yogi stressed that \"all of us are using so many toxins\".\"When we kill an animal the effect comes onto us,\" he said. He claimed the effect is more for an evolved animal like a cow and less for small animals like fish and snakes. \"For those who are used to eating meat, it is ok to do so. But when we kill animals the law of karma goes against us,\" he stressed.Elaborating further, the yogi who also has a construction business, said, \"From 120{+t}{+h} position, India has become the third-largest exporter of beef, and in milk production from number 1 it has gone to 60{+t}{+h}.\"\"Researchers have predicted there will soon be an eruption of fire and lava into the sea and water levels will rise and glaciers will melt. The US will be the first to be submerged,\" he warned. Asked when this will happen, he said, \"It can happen any time.\"Listing other doomsday signs, he said, \"Today cancer is a common disease. In every home there is a cancer patient. In Goa, liver cancer is common.\"He pointed out, \"Whatever we say is all backed by science. Let any doctor refute any one theory from my book and I will leave yoga.\"Talking of his achievements, he said \"one of my students stopped a person's heartbeat for two hours.\" He claimed he had a medical certificate for the feat.Jain added, \"Yogi has even diagnosed illnesses just looking at photographs.\"Ashwini signed off saying, \"Man's desires have not changed. Food, sex, clothes and shelter are a person's needs, not wants.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974612", "title": "Raj Thackeray meets Prithviraj Chavan, sets off political intrigue", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and MNS chief Raj Thackeray met at the former's residence on Thursday evening. The meeting came only a day after Raj's cousin and Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav hailed the chief minister for the crackdown on the irrigation department, which is controlled by the NCP.The meeting was a hot topic of discussion among political circles on Friday.While the official line was that Raj met Chavan over the issue of toll corruption, sources said that \"political matters\" were also discussed. Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's health, too, was also brought up during the discussion, sources revealed.Raj had earlier visited the CM in August when he had put across his views on corruption in toll collection. The MNS had then demanded setting up of an independent agency for toll collection. On Thursday, Raj is believed to have asked about action taken following the earlier meeting, besides raising some new points. Earlier this year, the MNS had initiated an aggressive campaign against \"corruption in toll collection\" with Raj even asking citizens to stop paying toll at one stage.Relations between the CM and the Thackerays, especially Uddhav, are a discussion of unofficial debates in Mantralaya and political circles. While Chavan has always labelled these discussions as \"silly\", a section in the Congress party reckons that this could be a part of the Chavan's agenda to corner the NCP.Besides Uddhav and Raj, Chavan has also held given audience to Uddhav's son and Yuva Sena chief Aditya at least a couple of times in the recent past. When Uddhav was hospitalized earlier this year, the CM had visited him twice.Chavan remained unavailable for comment, whereas MNS leader Bala Nandgaonkar denied \"any political discussion\" during the meeting. Sources close to Chavan also chose to play it down. Raj had sought an appointment for a follow-up meeting on the toll issue, they said.PIL on toll corruptionNandgaonkar said the MNS would soon file an PIL over the issue of corruption at toll nakas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16974978", "title": "Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation will not waste your 'waste'", "text": "HUBLI: After solid waste management (SWM), now it's time for liquid waste management (LWM) in Hubli city. The Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) and Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development and Finance Corporation (KUIDFC) are all set to start a sewage treatment plant (STP) at Rs 29.39 crore in Gabbur village of Hubli.The sewage generated in Hubli will be segregated at the plant and the processed water used for secondary and tertiary purposes like for gardening and cultivation. That's not all. From the waste water, authorities plan to produce compost.The 40 million litre per day (MLD) capacity STP using sequential batch reactor (SBR) will be set up on 16 acres in Gabbur. The drainage water including underground drainage of Hubli city will flow into the plant, after which it will be purified. Once completed, the recycled water and compost is separated.The project, which is being executed by the Delhi and Mumbai-based SN Enviro Technology Private Limited and SFC Environmental Technologies and funded by Asian Development Bank, is expected to be complete by May 2013.Speaking to TOI, B Sarkar, project manager of STP, said: \"We have received all the necessary goods, materials, technology and other things needed for the project. It will be available for use as per schedule.''The plant will use the latest technology. Here, the biological oxygen demand is reduced from 270 to 10, which is almost like purified water. The recycled water may be used for factories, vehicle washing, gardening and other such purposes A KUIDFC engineer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "16974235", "title": "Diploma engineering course exams today", "text": "GOA: Ongoing exams of diploma engineering courses will be held on Saturday as scheduled, officials of the directorate of technical education clarified on Friday. After the state government declared October 27 as a public holiday for Eid celebrations two days ago, there was confusion among students of diploma courses of technical education on Friday about whether the ongoing exams scheduled for the day will be cancelled or continue as per schedule. Officials of the directorate of technical education said, \"These are exams of the first semester for this academic year held for all diploma courses in October/November. The exam schedule was declared two months ago and there is no reason to be confused. Since the students have not been intimated about the postponement of the exams, they have to be present to answer them as per schedule on Saturday\".Congress meet today: Goa Pradesh Congress committee will hold three party workers' meetings on October 27. The first meeting will be at Khalap high school premises, Mandrem, at 4pm, which will be attended by PCC president Subhash Shirodkar and general secretary Girish Chodankar. The second one will be at Vagator at 5pm, while the third meeting will be held at Dando-Siolim, at 6.30pm, at Uday Palyekar's residence.Lecture by Vikas Amte: The directorate of art and culture will organize a lecture by Vikas Amte, chief functionary and son of Magsaysay award winner Baba Amte, on the topic 'World and vision' at on October 28, at 10.30am, at the multipurpose hall, Sanskruti Bhavan, Patto-Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16975858", "title": "Poultry traders unaware of H5N1", "text": "BANGALORE: Most poultry dealers are unaware of the outbreak of the deadly H5N1 virus.\"We haven't heard of it,\" said Mohammad Iqbal of Kissan Poultry next to Russell Market, one of the biggest poultry retail markets in the city.The sale of turkey in the city is lean, except during the Thanksgiving to Christmas season. On a good day, most shops in Russell Market vicinity sold not more than 3kg of turkey meat each. Most shops didn't have daily customers for it. During Christmas, a single shop has at times sold more than 100kg of turkey meat.The meat currently retails at Rs 250 per kg. \"It's only during December that sales pick up. Currently, we don't have any supply of the meat,\" said Imran Khan of Famous Chicken Center, Shivajinagar.\"We're not aware of any outbreak of virus among turkeys. We get our poultry stock, including chicken, from private farms all over the city and on the outskirts. None of our stock comes from Hesaraghatta farms,\" said Mohammad Imran Pasha, a chicken dealer in Russell Market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16974064", "title": "Nagpur University enquiry panel to decide fate of Agnihotri pharma college student", "text": "NAGPUR: Wardha's Rani Agnihotri Pharmacy College, which gained infamy a couple of months back for malpractices during examinations, is in the news again. This time, Nagpur University has withheld the results of 46 MPharm students of the college since it did not have the required number of approved teachers.The MPharm results of other colleges were declared about a month back. Since then, the students of Agnihotri college have been constantly visiting NU officials but to no avail. It was only after the issue reached pro-vice chancellor Mahesh Yenkie and controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke that NU officials finally constituted an enquiry panel under pharmacy dean Pramod Yeole and pharmacy Board of Studies (BOS) chairman Milind Patil.Though Yenkie refused to respond to phone calls, Ramteke confirmed the development and said the panel will go into the reasons for the results being withheld and only then will the fate of the 46 students be decided. \"The college had failed to appoint regular teachers and therefore NU was totally justified in withholding their results,\" he said. He added that the panel will submit its enquiry report within two weeks.Sources said that NU's Local Enquiry Committee (LEC) under then pharmacy head of the department Arun Patil had warned in its report that the college had only one regular teacher and, so, only eight students should be admitted. It recommended the college increase its tally of regular teachers. Even Pharmacy Council of India's regulations mention that without full time faculty, the colleges shouldn't be permitted to operate. However, NU top officials during the tenure of former VC SN Pathan had flouted all rules to permit Rani Agnihotri College to operate without teachers or facilities.The affected students claimed that students of other colleges had even secured jobs, but they were left in the lurch by the college and NU officials. \"We have nowhere to go now. We have been duped by the college and even NU is not helping us. Now, we will have to wait till the enquiry is over,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16974891", "title": "IPS annual function showcases Natya Shastra", "text": "BHOPAL: International Public School (IPS) Misrod celebrated its annual function with great enthusiasm on Friday. The theme of the annual function was \"Nav Rasa\". Nine presentations based on the nine emotional feelings of Natya Shastra were showcased.The exuberant show commenced with the invocation of Lord Ganesha.First up, \"Shringar Rasa\", the king of all rasa was presented through an orchestra rendition of classical and contemporary songs by students of different grades which enthralled the atmosphere.A humorous play based on \"Hasya Rasa\" was enacted and \"Karuna Rasa\" was projected through the story of King Mahabali along with Bharatnatyam and South Indian art forms.The Raudra Roop of Goddess Durga was shown in the form of a dance drama through \"Raudra Rasa\" where Maa Durga kills the demon, Mahishasura followed by \"Veer Rasa.\"The terrible effects of alcoholism , drug abuse and chewing tobacco was the theme of \"Bhayanak Rasa\" which left the audience pondering over the evil consequences of narcotics.A chilling reminder of the Bhopal Gas Tragedy of 1984 with its aftermath evoked the \"Vibhatsa Rasa\".Unity in diversity is the hallmark of a country. A unique blend of folk and regional dance forms exhibited the \"Adbhut Rasa\".Peace and serenity theme was presented through \"Shant Rasa\" depicting Shanti Niketan founded by Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore where various forms of art are encouraged to experience tranquility.Chief guest director MANIT Dr Appu Kuttan gave away the prizes to the meritorious students who had excelled in scholastic as well as co-scholastic areas. Trophies were given for various inter house activities where Vikramaditya House bagged the CCA Trophy and the Cock House Trophy. Harshvardhan House received the Sports Trophy and Bhoj House became the recipient of the Academic excellence Trophy respectively.Kuttan motivated all the students to come up in flying colours in every field and congratulated the staff and the management for the stupendous show put up by them. Chairman Ashok Nanda and principal P S Kalra congratulated the staff and the students for making the annual event a memorable occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978870", "title": "Director Ang Lee comes to Chennai!", "text": "The Academy award-winning director will be in Chennai on November 31 at Sathyam Cinemas to promote his latest film.The 20th Century Fox film has Suraj Sharma in the lead and has been adapated from the book of the same name. It tells the story of a boy who is stuck in the sea on a boat with a tiger after his family dies in a shipwreck. Ang Lee has shot this film extensively in India most notably in nearby Pondicherry.\"We are privileged to announce Academy Award winning director Ang Lee's visit to India...Life of Pi international promotions will be flagged off in India with Lee's special visit along with the cast from the film,\" Vijay Singh, CEO, Fox Star Studios, said in a statement.The fact that Ang Lee will be visiting only Mumbai and Chennai on his two-day visit to India shows how important the Chennai market has become for cinema. People will get to see exclusive visuals from the film which he will play at Sathyam Cinemas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16975095", "title": "Chilling reality: Madhya Pradesh tops in child rape, foeticide", "text": "BHOPAL: It is sure to come as an eye opener for the state government that claims to have left no stone unturned for the welfare of minor girls.Madhya Pradesh has recorded the highest number of child rape and foeticide cases in the country. Overall, the state is only second after Uttar Pradesh in crimes against minors.The startling revelation has been made in 'Children in India 2012 - A statistical appraisal', a recently-released report of ministry of statistics and programme implementation of the government of India. It states that 7,112 cases of child rape cases were reported in the country during 2011, as compared to 5,484 in 2010. The state reported the highest number of rape cases of minor girls (1,262) followed by UP (1,088) and Maharashtra (818). Similarly, 132 cases of foeticide were reported in 2011, of which the highest number was registered in MP, followed by Chattisgarh and Punjab. In 2011, the crime against children reported a 24% increase from the previous year with 33,098 cases of crime against minors reported in the country during 2011 compared to 26,694 cases a year earlier.Uttar Pradesh accounted for 16.6% of total crimes against children in 2011, followed by Madhya Pradesh (13.2%), Delhi (12.8%), Maharashtra (10.2%), Bihar (6.7%) and Andhra Pradesh (6.7%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975772", "title": "Every corner of Writers' under CCTV cover", "text": "KOLKATA: The security arrangement of the state secretariat is all set to get tailwind with the installation of about 100 CCTVs to keep an eye on the movement of visitors and staffers.Close-circuit cameras will be installed at all six gates of Writers' Buildings to record movement of people and trace suspicious moves by anyone inside. CCTVs were initially set up inside the secretariat for the security of former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee. After Mamata Banerjee took over as the CM, the number of CCTVs was increased following an alert from the home ministry. That alert is still in place and the security is being revamped as sleuths fear an attack by Maoists and terror groups.\"Not only in the high-security zone, CCTVs will be installed all over the secretariat. There will be some CCTVs to keep tabs on those entering the CM's chamber as well,\" a police officer said.On Friday, 25 more CCTVs were installed - 11 on the first floor and as many on the corridors of the second floor. So far, there were 19 cameras inside the secretariat. But to augment the security system, new CCTVs are going to be installed even at the mini-bus stand beside Laldighi so that anyone moving about suspiciously can be intercepted on time.Additional commissioner of police Somen Mitra surveyed different parts of the secretariat on Friday to ascertain the positions of the CCTVs. A number of cameras are going to be installed along Lyons Range and some others on the NS Road side opposite the Reserve Bank of India . Even the parking lot opposite the secretariat will have around eight CCTVs instead of just one at present.A minister, however, said on condition of anonymity that it will be tough to work under prying eyes.A control room is going to be set up in the secretariat's ground floor. It will have a direct link with the Lalbazar police control room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16975526", "title": "This artist's flaming passion finds expression in matchsticks", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: 'The Flaming Passion', an exhibition of matchstick art currently on at the Museum Art Gallery here, certainly gives an insight into the burning desire of an artist for being innovative.The exhibition takes the visitors through an exciting journey through 'life' -- from birth, the beginning; to death, the end -- all expressed with a series of matchstick portraits. Anil Sunder, the man behind these incredible art works, has used up to 200 matchsticks to give a unique look to each of the piece on display.Sunder's collection of matchstick art includes portraits of Lord Ganesha, Buddha and pop star Michael Jackson . Along with them are framed art pieces of mother and child, bullock carts, guitars, houses and table stands.It took 16 to 19 hours of hard work for the artist to complete each piece. The process begins with an initial hand-drawn image on a thick cotton cloth. He then lays down a grid to suggest where each matchstick will be placed and then the matchsticks are pasted.\"It is a painstaking process,\" smiled Sunder, who works as a collection manager with a private firm in Kochi.Eight years ago, Sunder discovered his rare passion while watching an English movie in which he saw a child making a house out of ice-cream sticks. \"I was inspired. I tried it and found it interesting. But later I felt that I should do something more challenging. So, I tried making a bullock cart out of matchsticks. I still remember the happiness I felt after making it,\" said Sunder.Among the 39 matchstick works on display at the exhibition, the portrait of Egyptian princess Lamarr Kramer, his masterpiece, has received special appreciation. \"This was my first portrait work. I wanted to use red gunpowder for her hair. It was after four days of search that I could get it from a small shop in Kalamassery,\" he said.The exhibition, that is open from 10am to 6pm, will conclude on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pathankot", "code": "16976215", "title": "Case against 7 stone crushing units for illegal mining", "text": "PATHANKOT: Pathankot district administration on Friday registered cases against seven stone crushing units for carryig out allegedly illegal mining.The action was taken after receiving complaints from village panchayats which claimed illegal mining on a large scale was being carried out in Pathankot, mining officer Subhash Chander said.However, no arrest has been made so far. Village panchayts have been complaining that ground water level had gone down because of excessive digging of sand and gravel from river beds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16979196", "title": "Prakash Raj does a kuthu number", "text": "Prakash Raj is one actor who has a pan Indian appeal and has acted in films in different languages. The latest we hear is that the actor has done a kuthu number in Thulli Vilaiyadu , which was shot in Jaisalmer in Rajasthan and choreographed by Dhina. Mumbai girl Ankitha will feature in the song. Prakash Raj seems to have impressed everyone on the sets with his insane amount of energy and the cast and crew seems to be in awe of the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16975982", "title": "Bhatti\u2019s PRO critical, undergoes 3 surgeries", "text": "LUDHIANA: Navneet Joshi, the 39-year-old public relations officer travelling with Jaspal Bhatti when the Honda Accord they were travelling in had a fatal crash near Jalandhar, continues to be in a critical condition at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH).The fatal crash that left comedy king Jaspal Bhatti dead on wee hours of Thursday also involved co-passengers Navneet, actress Surili Gautam and Bhatti's son Jasraj, who were all referred to DMCH for treatment. Surili, who suffered a dislocation, was shifted to a private room after treatment.Navneet's elder brother Vineet, who has been with him at the hospital since Thursday morning, said after a successful surgery of the intestines and the chest on Thursday afternoon, Navneet was operated upon for brain hemorrhage. He has been kept in the Intensive Care Unit.\"The surgeries have gone well but his condition continues to be critical. We are praying and are quite hopeful that he will be fine,\" added Vineet.Jasraj, who received minor injuries, was discharged on Thursday afternoon for the last rites of his father.When the car met with an accident at Shahkot near Jalandhar on Thursday morning at around 2am, Navneet was sitting in the backseat with Bhatti. They were on their way back from Bathinda after promotion of 'Power Cut'. The movie was released on Friday and many turned up for the first show of the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16974150", "title": "Konkan Railway Corporation winter special trains introduced", "text": "MARGAO: The Konkan Railway Corporation (KRC) has introduced air-conditioned superfast express winter special trains between New Delhi-Margao-New Delhi between October 31 and February 1, 2013.Train No. 02456 will leave New Delhi at 11.55pm on Wednesdays and reach Margao at 11.30am on the third day. Train No. 02455 will leave Margao at 9.30pm on Fridays and reach New Delhi at 7.40am on the third day. Halts will be at Nizamuddin, Agra Cantt, Jhansi, Bhopal , Bhusaval, Nasik Road, Kalyan, Panvel, Roha, Chiplun, Ratnagiri, Kudal, Tivim and Karmali. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16976302", "title": "Shinde finds 'substance' in charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on Friday said there seems to be \"substance\" in the charges levelled against BJP President Nitin Gadkari for alleged dubious funding of companies owned by him.\"Whatever things are coming up. You people are showing it on TV. It seems there is some substance in it (allegations),\" Shinde told reporters on the sidelines of a function. 'Shinde, leader of Congress party in Lok Sabha, declined to elaborate on it further. Gadkari is facing charges of impropriety over funding of Purti Power and Sugar Limited (PPSL). Both ministry of corporate affairs and I-T department are looking into the alleged irregularities involving Gadkari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16976457", "title": "Skill development course for National Service Scheme volunteers", "text": "RANCHI: The new batch of National Service Scheme volunteers of Ranchi University will get a chance to learn various skills and also earn a certificate.RU is among nine universities selected by the Union ministry of youth affairs and the Tata Institute of Social Sciences for a pilot project that aims to start a skill development programme so that students get better employment opportunities.Associate professor of TISS, E Toppo, said, \"The project will convert the NSS programme into a skill development programme for the overall development of students.\" He added, \"The nine universities were selected on the basis of rural focus of each university, the size of the student body and NSS volunteers and willingness to take part in the pilot programme.\"There are 9,100 students in RU out of which many will get a chance to be a part of this project. Vice-chancellor L N Bhagat said, \"Students will be selected from four districts--Gumla, Simdega, Khunti and Ranchi. They will be given certificates by TISS on completion of the course.\"Toppo said, \"Students with 20 credit points will be given a certificate, those with 40 points will be given a diploma and those with 60 points will be given a post graduate degree.\"Students will attend regular classes on weekdays and devote two hours to the programme on weekends. The curriculum of the project has not yet been decided. \"Research teams are working in states where universities have been selected to study the employment needs there. Once the survey is done, teams will meet and decide on the common needs and the curriculum. By December, the programme will start,\" said Toppo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16975900", "title": "Our ambassador to business world", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In the times gone by, people would call Britain a nation of shopkeepers and Gujarat a land of traders. The phrases were always accompanied with upturned noses. Today, London is the financial capital of the world and Gujarat is recognized as the land of investors.No wonder then, the people who have a direct connect with these two parts of the globe are leading the rest of the world.One of these leaders and second-generation London-based NRG, Manoj Ladwa was recently in news following the UK's change of heart towards chief minister Narendra Modi.Ladwa is said to have played an important part in managing the diplomatic coup.The corporate adviser, however, pointed out that it could not have been a one-person job. He wrote a blog explaining the process and identifying the change agents. Ladwa adds that he has been working both at professional and personal levels to bring the two countries together.\"The UK Prime Minister David Cameron had expressed his desire for a special relationship with India. The point, however, is that it's not for the UK to say any more. It's for India to decide. Last year, for the first time, Indian investment in the UK surpassed the British FDI here,\" he explains. The UK is still among the top two investors in India and vice versa.This relationship is not solely about business, though. \"Historically and culturally, the UK is closest to India as compared to the rest of the West,\" Ladwa adds. His mother's family still resides in Ahmedabad, which he visits often.About his Gujarati origin, Ladwa proudly points out that his father was born in Porbander. His parents moved to the UK in late '60s. Ladwa's mother has been teaching Gujarati language to school-going children of the diaspora for 30 years.In 1995, when Ladwa graduated in law from London School of Economics, he expressed his wish to work in India. Shocked, his well wishers called him crazy. However, Ladwa was undeterred and spent years working in Delhi, Mumbai and later in the US.Today, he is dual qualified as an English solicitor and Indian advocate, and an expert of mergers and acquisitions.Following stints in Mumbai and New York, he returned to London and in 2002 founded MLS Chase, headquartered opposite the House of Parliament, Westminster. He merged his legal practice with Sharrards Solicitors LLP in February this year.Still a year away from 40, Manoj Ladwa lives in London with his wife Dina and daughters Avni (6) and Anjali (4). He is at present the London convener of Europe India Chambers of Commerce.He believes that time has come when British and Gujarati businessmen will venture out together, while eastern Europe and Africa will be the regions of such collaborations.Moreover, Ladwa is confident that many European countries will now follow the UK as far as improving their engagement with Gujarat government is concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16974571", "title": "Italian marines' fate makes CISF wary of guarding Indian merchant ships", "text": "New Delhi: India's action against Italian marines, who shot dead two Kerala fishermen approaching their ship in February, has come back to haunt its own force.Around 250 commandoes from the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) will be leaving for maritime anti-piracy training with the Navy in a month from now, say home ministry sources. The personnel, however, are worried of the fate they will meet on high seas once they are deputed on merchant vessels to guard them.Government wants CISF to guard Indian merchant vessels against Somali pirates, but the force feels it might meet the same fate as the Italian marines since there is little clarity and wavering adherence to international laws and UN Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) among various nations.On February 15, two Italian marines guarding an Italian oil tanker traveling to Egypt shot dead two fishermen, mistaking them for pirates off Kerala coast. The marines were arrested and charged with murder, while the ship was detained.The incident opened a debate on whether India had the jurisdiction to charge and try the marines as the offence did not happen in its territorial waters.According to UNCLOS, to which India along with 161 nations is a signatory, the territory of a country extends only till 12 nautical miles beyond which its penal laws would not be applicable except for those relating to taxation, Customs, immigration and pollution. The incident involving Italians occurred beyond 20 nautical miles.\"It only shows that enforceability of UNCLOS is at the discretion of a particular country. The action of the marines, however irresponsible, was not with criminal intent. We could face the same situation in another country and be at their mercy,\" said a CISF official.Interestingly, not all countries with a coast are signatories of UNCLOS. Even the US is yet to sign it. \"Then, there are those countries, such as Somalia , which have an interest in maritime piracy. One can never be sure such countries will honour international conventions should a situation like the Italians arise. Conflicts such as these will then go in the diplomatic realm that has its own pace of resolving issues,\" said a CISF officer.The government is aware of the pitfalls and the effect it might have on the morale of the personnel guarding the ships, but it hopes higher remuneration and international exposure that the job offers will attract young CISF men. Mercenaries on foreign vessels earn $1,000 a day. Home department sources say CISF personnel may get paid at least $500 a day since they are in a way guarding country's commercial interests.A senior CISF official said, \"All we can do is train the men in maritime security, apprise them on international laws and standard operating procedures and then hope that they do not face a situation where such mistakes may occur. Rest is professional hazard.\"The government had come up with the proposal in the beginning of the year following repeated pirate attacks on Indian ships in the past few years \u2014 15 in the past three years alone. The CISEF personnel will be deployed on any vessel that demands their services through Indian National Shipowners' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975267", "title": "Reliance Infrastructure threatens to pull out of Airport Metro line", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days before trial runs begin on the Airport Metro line, the concessionaire, Reliance Infrastructure , has threatened to break the agreement. Confirming the development, Delhi Metro's managing director Mangu Singh on Friday said, \"Termination of the concession agreement has been disputed and the issue has been referred for resolution through arbitration proceedings.\"Singh admitted that issues were raised by R-Infra on the financial infeasibility of the project, and that their demand for restructuring the agreement had been rejected by Delhi Metro. The call for arbitration comes after DMRC has completed repair work on the 22.7km high-speed line, which was shut down in July this year.Said a senior Delhi Metro official, \"Trials on the repaired corridor are expected to start from next week, after which safety inspections will be carried out before resuming operations.\" The Airport Metro Express will, at present, be operated by R-Infra, confirmed DMRC. Sumit Banerjee, CEO of R-Infra, told TOI: \"As of now, Reliance is committed to operating the Airport Metro Express.\" Refusing to specify how the financial issues were being addressed, Banerjee said all \"contractual\" matters were being discussed with Delhi Metro and the ministry of urban development.Sources however, said the threat of a pullout by R-Infra was being felt for some time now. \"In April, the concessionaire had asked for deferment of the annual concession fee and sought financial support from Delhi Metro, which was not accepted,\" said the official. According to ministry officials, the UD ministry has been trying to work out a solution that will save the Airport Metro Express, India's first public-private partnership (PPP) project. While Banerjee refused to divulge the financial alternatives being worked out, he admitted that an \"amicable\" solution was being \"hoped for\".The Airport line is scheduled to start operations from November. The line was closed due to concerns over safety as R-Infra had said a majority of the bearings on the elevated section of the corridor was damaged. A joint survey by Delhi Metro and R-Infra, along with a third party, revealed that over 90% of the bearings needed to be changed. Sources said work on the bearings is now over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16980491", "title": "Jenny McCarthy brushes off new romance rumours", "text": "Jenny McCarthy has dismissed reports that she has found a new boyfriend, just weeks after splitting from NFL star Brian Urlacher .The Model-turned-actress ended her four-month romance with Chicago Bears linebacker Urlacher in August.But an article on Eonline.com on Thursday suggested that she had bounced back from her heartache by embarking on a new relationship with celebrity jeweller Pascal Mouawad.McCarthy has brushed off the claims via her Twitter account, insisting that the rumour is not true and she's \"still single and happy about it,\" Contactmusic reportedThe 'Two and a Half Men' star also revealed to fans that she is currently too ill to date - because her extensive promotional tour for her new autobiography, 'Bad Habits: Confessions of a Recovering Catholic,' has left her with a throat infection.\"I'm in bed with strep throat. Was a long book tour and finally caught up with me. Boo,\" she tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16974396", "title": "Two arrested in country chicken scam", "text": "COIMBATORE: The managing director of a country chicken poultry farm at Chithode near Erode was arrested by sleuths of the Economic Offences Wing on Friday along with his general manager for cheating over 1600 people to the tune of Rs 26 crore.The arrested have been identified as K Kumarasamy (28)of RKV Nagar in Kanchikovil, who floated Chithode based Erode Green Farms, and his general manager Velusamy, a resident of Balasundarapuram near Pallapalayam.Both had been absconding for the past three months, ever since customers began demanding a return of their money invested. Both were nabbed based on a tipoff and were produced before the TNPID court in Coimbatore on Friday. They have been remanded to judicial custody and are lodged at Coimbatore central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16979992", "title": "Registration made easy", "text": "Students of the School of Open Learning (SOL), Delhi University, are required to fill in their examination forms online from this year. Aaditi Isaac reportsAfter the approval of online admissions earlier this year, the School of Open Learning (SOL), DU, has created a new examination framework under which students of SOL filled in the examination forms online for the first time.\"Earlier, students could only submit their examination forms manually, but this year onwards, UG students can register themselves online. We have improved our server communication and are in the process of creating a database where details of UG students will be stored. This will save the time of students, cut down costs, simplify the admission process and help us have a transparent system,\" says HC Pokhriyal, executive director, SOL.Explaining the process, Madhvi, incharge, computer, SOL, says that when students register themselves online, they fill in a form, which acts as an admission-cum-enrolment-cum-examination form. \"When a student logs in for the first time through the SOL roll number, s/he can select the papers s/he wishes to opt for along with the basic information. The roll number remains the same till the student graduates. After registering themselves online, whenever students need to take an exam, be it an improvement exam or the annual exam, they just have to type in the roll number,\" she says.The gateway for payments and fee transactions is the State Bank of India (SBI). Students can pay the examination fee through net banking or through debit and credit cards. Also, with the use of SMS, which has replaced letters, students are informed of the status of the confirmation.\"Online admission has helped outstation students enrol themselves for the examination. Around 700 students have registered themselves online. We could have had more students registering themselves online, but it was mid-session and we did not advertise. Students from states like Rajasthan and Punjab, etc, are benefiting from such services. Once the process is complete, students are informed over an SMS,\" she adds.\"Students can also register through the offline mode as many of them may not be comfortable with the online procedure yet,\" concludes Pokhriyal.Courtesy: Educationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974431", "title": "Sacked woman, husband held for abducting boy", "text": "CHENNAI: A dismissed employee of a medical shop and her husband were arrested in K K Nagar on Friday on charges of kidnapping the four-year-old child of the shop's owner.Police said Latha (25) of Nerkundrum, who was sacked three days ago by her employer Lakshmipathy on charges of stealing, decided to kidnap his son to wreak vengeance. Latha's husband Shaji alias Shahjahan (30) is said to have hatched the kidnap plan.On Thursday evening, Latha went to the day care centre on 18th Avenue in K K Nagar where Lakshmipathy's son Sai Surya was. She told the staff that the boy's father had asked her to pick up the child and took him away. Later, she telephoned the child's father and demanded Rs 30 lakh. She threatened to kill the boy if Lakshmipathy didn't pay.Lakshmipathy lodged a police complaint. Police searched for the boy at Central station and Koyambedu market before tracking him down to a house in Nerkundram. \"Within seven hours of receiving a complaint, a team arrested the woman who kept the child at her house in Nerkundram,\" said joint commissioner of police (South) K R Shanmuga Rajeshwaran.Latha told police that she had been wanting to take revenge ever since she was sacked. The owner had found 500 from the day's collection and other items from the shop missing and found Latha responsible. Latha and Shaji have a four-year-old child.Police commissioner S George has urged staff at day care centres not to hand over children to people other than their parents. He also urged parents to verify the antecedents of persons they employ to look after their children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16974651", "title": "Industrial Model Township project, a plot to help land sharks?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was meant to be Chaudhary Devi Lal Industrial Model Township but in three years it has turned out to be a model for Haryana government and realty dealers on how to \"rob\" farmers of their land for \"fictitious\" projects.The plight of farmers, who were forced to sell off their land to big colonizers at Lakhnoda, Naurangpur and Manesar villages in Gurgaon district, exposes the flaws in the government's ill-conceived urbanisation plan. A few of the aggrieved farmers have already moved the high court seeking justice. The modus operandi of the government was very simple. On August 27, 2004, the Haryana government, headed by Om Prakash Chautala, initiated proceedings for acquiring 912 acre land in three villages - Lakhnoda, Naurangpur and Manesar - under Section 4 of the acquisition Act to set up Chaudhary Devi Lal Industrial Model Township.After the announcement, villagers panicked as the government's agriculture land acquisition rate of around Rs 15 lakhs per acre was very low. It led to panic selling. It was the right time for land sharks to enter the field and purchase chunks of land at very low prices of around Rs 15-16 lakhs per acre.The township was to be developed by industries and commerce department through Haryana State Industries and Infrastructure Development Corporation (HSIIDC), which was the nodal agency for execution of the project. HSIIDC was also supposed to bear the expenses for compensation of land acquisition and other developments. To add to the farmers' woes, Chautala lost the %elections in 2005 and Bhupinder Singh Hooda came into power in February 2005.Between 2004 and 2005, huge chunks of the agriculture land in the three villages were bought by realtors and colonizers. In several cases, the real estate developers had obtained change of land use (CLU) licences from the town and country planning department for setting up residential and commercial complexes in the area. By the time Hooda government decided to proceed with the project on August 26, 2006, only 688 acre land was left for acquisition.After further deliberations, the land acquisition collector of Gurgaon issued three notices to industries department in August 2007 to deposit Rs 285.7 crores for disbursal of compensation to farmers for acquiring their land.However, the industrial department admitted in a letter to the HSIIDC that the land without any encumbrances was yet to be identified and that it was awaiting another notification from the government for the process. By then, the notification for completing the land acquisition procedures lapsed on August 27, 2007, which gave the Chaudhary Devi Lal Industrial Model Township a silent burial. According to sources, the government deliberately allowed the notification to lapse as major chunk of the land was bought by realtors and colonizers who also had obtained CLU licences for the same. They said DLF, Ansals, Omaxe and Maxpolis groups were among the colonizers who were given CLU licences for housing and commercial complexes in these villages.At present, the collector rate for agriculture land in these villages is Rs 1.40 crores per acre - a nine-fold increase from 2004 to 2012. However, the market price of land in the area now is Rs 70 crores per acre.Realising that they have been robbed of their land, a few villagers moved the Punjab and Haryana high court, which has barred the colonizers and the government to enter into any third party agreement. \"The government has connived with colonizers. Initially the government pressed the panic button forcing us to sell our land to real estate companies in 2004-2005 at throwaway rates. All the land acquisition officers were aware of the fate of the project but they allowed land sharks to buy plots till 2007 and let the notification lapse,'' said Om Parkash, former sarpanch of Manesar village, who is leading the villagers' court battle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16974482", "title": "Man strangled to death in Dundahera", "text": "GURGAON: A man was found dead in his house in Dundahera village on Thursday. Police have lodged an FIR of murder against unknown persons after the dead man's wife alleged that he was killed by unknown persons.The spostmortem report showed that he was strangled to death.According to police, one Geeta lodged a complaint with Udyog Vihar police station on Thursday saying that her husband was alone at home when she had gone to her mother's place on Tuesday. She had tried to reach her husband on the phone several times but her calls went unanswered.Arund 10.30pm on Wednesday, when she returned home, she found her husband dead. She then called in police.Police took the body in their custody and handed it over to the next of kin after the postmortem on Thursday. The postmortem report proved that the victim had been strangled to death. An FIR citing murder has been lodged on the statement of Geeta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16975500", "title": "Woman found murdered", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 52-year-old woman was found murdered in her residence at Miyapur on Friday. The murder, which is suspected to have occurred two days ago, came to light only on Friday after a family member visited the victim's house. The deceased was identified as Venkatamma. Her decomposed body was found at her house in MA Nagar at Miyapur on Friday.Police found that on Wednesday night, Venkatamma's son Nagesh and his wife had visited her. \"Nagesh has some differences with his mother about sharing of property and we suspect that he committed the crime,\" the inspector said.Police suspect that Nagesh committed the crime. The body was shifted for post-mortem.Based on the alert given by the locals, police rushed to the spot and shifted the body for post-mortem.\"The assailants strangled Venkatamma to death using her sari,\" Miyapur inspector A Sudheer Kumar said.During the preliminary probe police found out that on Wednesday night, Venkatamma's son Nagesh and his wife had visited her. \"Nagesh has some differences with his mother about sharing of property and we suspect that he committed the crime,\" the inspector said. Nagesh and his wife are absconding and police have booked a murder case against them under section 302 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974445", "title": "Centre ups rating of 4 state deemed varsities to \u2018A\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: The Union ministry of human resource development has revised the grades of eight deemed universities in the country, including four from Tamil Nadu , after a comparative assessment of their status three years ago and now.VIT University in Vellore, SRM University and Sathyabama University in Chennai, and Avinashilingam Institute for Home Science and Higher Education for Women in Coimbatore have been upgraded from 'B', granted in 2009, to 'A' this year. The ministry conducted the review only for deemed universities in the 'B' category. Those with 'C' grade have been blacklisted and grade 'A' universities have retained their grade.The assessment is based on nine parameters, including compliance with UGC guidelines for recognition of an institution as a deemed university. Aspects of governance, teaching quality, innovations in teaching \u2014 learning processes, research output, faculty resources were also taken into account.VIT University received a good rating for \"perceptible improvement in research output\" and \"noticeable change in number of faculty members with PhD degrees\", taking its score from 25 in 2009 to 31 this year. SRM University's score increased from 21 in 2009 to 31 this year for similar efforts, though the report suggests more is expected of them. Sathyabhama University has been lauded for an increase in number of programmes it offers and research centres it has added, and its research output, but the varsity has been asked to \"urgently improve\" the number of full-time professors and the number of teachers with PhD degrees.Avinashilingam Institute registered an increase in doctoral programmes over 2009, but the ministry said it fell short of what is expected of a university.When the ministry drew up a blacklist in 2009, it found that research output of most deemed universities was substandard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16974044", "title": "Caste claims can't be rejected based on parent's domicile: Bombay high court", "text": "NAGPUR: In an important verdict, the Bombay high court's bench in Aurangabad has ruled that caste claims can't be rejected on the basis that the parents originally belong to other states.\"The caste claims of the petitioners shall not be rejected only on the ground that their parents originally belong to a region which forms part of state of Karnataka,\" a division bench comprising RM Borde and SS Shinde said before granting relief to a medical student and a nurse.The caste claims of petitioners - Preeti and Narsabai Kamble - were declined by Caste Scrutiny Committee mainly on the ground that their parents are original residents of Bider district in Karnataka. The committee stated that \"the petitioners are not entitled to claim benefits in the state of migration\".\"Since the aforesaid region, prior to reorganization of states was a part of the state of Hyderabad, part of the locality of the said district presently forms part of the state of Maharashtra,\" the court added.Preeti had got admission to BAMS course while Narsabai is a nurse. Both belong to the Scheduled Caste (SC) category. Their caste 'Mahar' has been recognized in both Maharashtra and Karnataka. They hail from Lakhangaon and Wanjarkheda villages in Bhalki town of Bider even though later on their parents had migrated to Maharashtra and settled here.These villages are among the 865 bordering villages which are a bone of contention between the two states. A part of Bider district, after reorganization of states in 1956, came under Karnataka. Maharashtra had claimed that these 865 villages, currently included in Karnataka, is comprised predominantly of Marathi speaking population and should be included in its jurisdiction.The judges observed that petitioners hail from a region which forms part of erstwhile Hyderabad state that comprised the Marathwada region. This was later on included in Maharashtra after reorganization.\"The locality, to which the petitioners originally belong, is predominantly Marathi speaking one and forms part of the region bordering Karnataka. Maharashtra has put forth claim on these 865 villages and extended benefits to the residents regarding education and employment,\" the judges said.Citing Maharashtra government's GR of July 10, 2008, the judges stated that it permitted residents of these 865 bordering villages to apply for the posts coming within the purview of Maharashtra Public Service Commission (MPSC), thus, extending opportunity of employment to the eligible candidates.The court further stated that the respondent committee had erred in invalidating the caste claims of the petitioners only on the ground that original residence of their parents comes under Karnataka.The committee's orders of rejecting caste claims were quashed and set aside and the matters were remitted back to it for reconsideration, by the high court. It was further told to decide caste claims of petitioners considering evidence placed before it and after extending opportunity of hearing them for putting forth their contentions afresh, in accordance with provisions of law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16974189", "title": "Luciano Bacheta hopes to get a foot in F1", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Luciano Bacheta is a tall, 22-year-old who can understand Punjabi. Stumped? So were we till we heard his full name: Akshay Luciano Bacheta. Recently crowned the F2 champion, Bacheta was in the news recently for getting invited by Williams F1 team for a one-day test. Spoken very highly of in racing circles, Bacheta, who's driving here in the MRF Challenge 2012, is hoping to catch the attention of those who matter in F1 circles.\"They said they were very impressed with how I did and also a little bit surprised given the little track time we had because of the testing restrictions. Now I'm saying, what next? They've got me in mind. The small relationship I have with them is good,\" Bacheta said of his little stint with Williams.Bacheta, whose mom is from Ludhiana and dad's family from Rajasthan, learnt to drive in India but his driving style is nothing like what we get to see on Indian roads. His natural skill and flair behind the wheel has made him a tremendous prospect to watch out for.Within a span of four weeks, Bacheta has driven a F2 car, a Formula 1 car and now the MRF cars powered by the 2.0-litre Renault engine. \"It's been testing, lot to think about,\" he says. \"I had time in the simulator so I was prepared for an F1 car and it felt fine. I've been training physically for F1 all my life, waiting to get my chance, getting as ready as I can. When I did it felt natural. I cannot stress how much I prepared for it,\" he shares excitedly.But all that Bacheta wants to focus on this weekend, apart from winning, is also to have a bit of fun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975376", "title": "Govt moves to shield RTE quota students from bias", "text": "NEW DELHI: In July, authorities in a Bangalore private school cut off tufts of hair of four students who had been admitted under the Right to Education (RTE) quota.Dalit students studying in a government school in Madhya Pradesh's Harda district complained that they were given leftover food for mid-day meal instead of fresh food like the others.A mounting number of such incidents in schools regarding discrimination against students admitted under the RTE have prompted the Centre to lay down stringent guidelines asking states to take corrective measures and set up redressal mechanisms. The human resource development (HRD) ministry has asked states to establish systems by which complaints regarding discrimination are dealt within 60 days.Schools cannot discriminate against a child belonging to a weaker section or a disadvantaged group by denying or limiting access to any benefit given to students, treating a student unfavourably in connection with h/his area of study, training or instruction, according to the guidelines issued on Friday.The ambit of discrimination has also been widened to include announcing verbally or otherwise the names of a community, caste or tribe of a student, labeling such students as reserved category, passing derogatory remarks indicating social, economic or other background as a reason for under-performance in class, allotting differential time to such students to meet the teacher and treating them separately in utilizing sports and other facilities.The RTE guidelines stipulate that school should ensure that no child belonging to weaker section or disadvantaged group is discriminated against by segregating h/him from others in playground or canteen or any provision of mid-day meal, toilet, drinking water and other facilities.Schools have also been asked to ensure that regular activities of children are not disrupted or disturbed and children do not experience financial extortion or forceful expenditure. All children must also be allowed to participate in cultural programmes, sports events and other activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975263", "title": "Govt scraps patent for jamun-based diabetes drug", "text": "NEW DELHI: After combating bio-piracy of neem and haldi in the US and Europe, India has now woken up to the problem in its own backyard. In a first such move since 1994, the government has revoked a patent granted by the Indian Patents Office for a medicine made from the extract of jamun, lavangpatti and chundun meant to treat diabetes.Using a \"rarest of rare\" provision in the Patents Act, the government decided to quash the protection that drug maker Avesthagen had got earlier this year on the grounds that the patent right was \"mischievous to the state and generally prejudicial to the public\" as it was an \"integral part\" of ayurveda , unani and siddha system of medicine. The only other time that the provision was used was to cancel a patent given to a US firm for developing cotton cells by tissue culture.But this time, the patent given to the mix of jamun, lavangpatti and chundun was proving to be a major embarrassment given that India has for long fought for protecting traditional knowledge and genetic resources and sought to check piracy of ayurvedic and other traditional forms of medicines. What is even more curious is how the Indian Patents Office gave the protection after the government had successfully got European authorities to turn down the application two years ago.While the problem seems to have been dealt with at least for the moment, there could be more in store as the government has discovered that there are at least four or five similar instances of patents given to medicines over the last five years or so that have been \"developed\" using commonly used plants and fruits ranging from amla, methi, karela and ashwagandha.\"In one case, we have established that the patent was wrongly given. We are investigating the others and if we find similar problems, we will deal with it,\" an official said.Cancelling the patent given to Avesthagen was not easy as the company argued that the extracts, which work individually in managing diabetes, had an aggressive effect when combined. In addition, it used an approach that is \"innovative, novel and scientific\" in developing a formulation and screened it for efficacy and safety using modern technology. Defending the patent, the company told the department of industrial policy and promotion that it developed the formulation from three plants after it had originally identified some 100 plants, which were shortlisted to 10.Arguing that the patent was not prejudicial to public interest, the company said the \"invention\" was novel and provided scientific validation to Indian traditional knowledge and would support Indian farmers, from whom the plants would be sourced, and provide employment to people.The government, however, countered it by saying that for centuries, it was known that the plants were used for management of diabetes and there were no inventions. \"When plants are known to act against a particular disease, extracts would certainly perform the same function,\" an official said. Besides, the government is of the view that a patent cannot be granted for validating something that is part of traditional knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16976061", "title": "BJP parliamentary board to meet on October 30", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The BJP parliamentary board will hold a five-day meet in Gandhinagar from October 30. The board will discuss the names of suitable candidates for 182 assembly seats.The party observers have paid visit to all districts in the state and heard representations from the probable candidates and their supporters. The observers will submit their report to the board and it will discuss each and every names. The board is chaired by state BJP president R C Faldu.Chief Minister Narendra Modi and BJP national vice-president Parshottam Rupala who are also the board members will remain present in the meeting. On the first day of the meeting, the board will decide on the names of candidates for 29 constituencies in Bharuch, Narmada, Navsari, Dang, Valsad, Tapi, Surendranagar and Ahmedabad rural. Once shortlisted, the board will send the list to high command for the final approval.The observers who visited districts to take stock will also attend the meeting. Meanwhile, Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) will start Vidhansabha Vijay Prayan Abhiyan from October 31 on the occasion of Sardar Patel's birth anniversary. Under this drive, 2,000 volunteers of BJYM will visit 30,000 booths to meet voters. The drive will end on November 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16977672", "title": "Govt proposes education framework for seamless recognition", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has proposed a National Higher Education Qualification Framework (NHEQF) to address the issue of compatibility and seamless recognition of qualification across all higher education institutions.With the present system being unique to the country with range of complexities and divergences across levels, the framework would seek to provide a comprehensive definition of a single system of levels for all qualifications offered by a variety of higher educational institutions across discipline.The proposal, to be taken up at the Central Advisory Board on Education (CABE) meet on November 1, will in effect seek provide a standardised framework in terms of minimum entry qualification, programme durations, teaching-learning processes and learning outcome, HRD ministry officials said.The aim, they said, would be universal acceptability, recognition and equivalence of not only the degrees but also the qualifications.For example, at present many universities/institutions find it difficult to determine equivalence and recognition of qualification earned by students from other universities, let alone find acceptability in other countries.Currently, there are over 600 university level institutions and more than 36,000 colleges in the country.CABE, an apex body on education, would also discuss extension of Right To Education to pre-school and secondary education.Sub-committees set up under CABE are of the view that a \"staggered and differentiated approach is proposed to be adopted\" taking into consideration the financial implications for its implementation and differential development of secondary education in states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975030", "title": "Unsecured loans freely distributed among Purti investors", "text": "NEW DELHI: More evidence of unsecured loans from Nitin Gadkari and business houses closely associated with the BJP president to companies that are key shareholders of Purti Group have emerged.According to an analysis by TOI of various documents filed by around 20 companies that are key shareholders in Purti Power and Sugar Ltd (PPSL) promoted by Gadkari, unsecured loans from the BJP president, Purti and even some business houses seem to be widespread.Earnwell Traders, which holds 40,12,500 shares in PPSL, was given an unsecured loan of Rs 1.05 crore by PPSL between April 1, 2009 and March 31, 2010. Some of this money seems to have been used to subscribe to shares of companies that are linked to the Purti Group.Similarly, Jainaam Mercantile, which holds 5,10,780 shares in PPSL, was given an unsecured loan of Rs 20.50 lakh sometime before March 31, 2010, according to the documents. The money was probably used to subscribe to shares of Mahatma Sugar and Power Ltd, PPSL and Yash Agro etc.TOI had on Friday reported that Update Mercantile, which holds 29 lakh shares in PPSL, was given an unsecured loan of Rs 14.50 lakh by Gadkari. However, further evaluation of documents shows that it was not just the BJP president who gave unsecured loans to the company.According to the balance sheet, there is an unsecured loan of Rs 31.45 lakh given by ICD Ideal Road Builders among the entries of Update Mercantile. IRB Group is already under the scanner, for its promoter D P Mhaiskar subscribing to 68.4 lakh shares of PPSL. Besides, an IRB Group firm, Global Safety Vision, had loaned Rs 164 crore to Gadkari's PPSL. IRB had won many contracts from the PWD department of Maharashtra when Gadkari was the minister in charge between 1995 and 1999.Update Mercantile also received an unsecured loan of Rs 25 lakh from Reatox Builders and Developers, a Nagpur-based firm. The Nagpur firm is into construction and other activities, and is presently developing a township called First City.It is not yet clear how many more companies in the net may have received such unsecured loans. There are over 100 companies, distributed at several layers, which have together routed over Rs 60 crore into PPSL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16976240", "title": "Railways junior engineer dupes 3 families of 51 lakh on pretext of sending kids to US", "text": "PATIALA: Trusting a junior engineer (JE) working with diesel loco works (DLW) of Northern Railway, at Patiala, cost Rs 51 lakh to three of his colleagues. He allegedly duped three families on the pretext of sending their children to US, but he neither sent them abroad nor returned their money.Police on Thursday registered a fraud case against Varinder Gupta, his wife Archna Gupta and one Nitish Sharma, who runs a travel agency in Urban Estate Phase-1 of Patiala city. The case has been registered after a detailed investigation by Tripadi police, which found the allegations true after getting documents of payment.In his complaint to police two months ago, Swarn Singh had alleged that Gupta had promised to send his son Inderjit and two other youngsters Gagandeep and Kamaljit Singh to US.Singh had alleged that since he and the family members of other youngsters work in DLW, Patiala, they easily fell in the trap of Gupta.After getting to know that the youth are interested in going abroad, the accused allegedly connived with a local travel agent and promised the families to send their children to US within a few months' time and produced fake visa papers.\"Families paid Rs 51 lakh around six months ago, but when Gupta did not send their children to US, they got suspicious and started demanding their money back. But when accused did not return their money even after four months, they lodged a complaint with us. We registered a case,\" said investigating officer Harminder Singh, posted in Tripadi police station.During police investigation, cops have seized some forged documents also, allegedly prepared by accused.Police have booked his wife, Archna Gupta, for allegedly helping her husband in duping youngsters on the pretext of sending them abroad.\"Archna also helped her husband by supporting his claims in front of female members of the victim families. We have been conducting raids to arrest them,\" said the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16976134", "title": "Gujarat Technological University to have four more zonal sub-centers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technical University will have four more zonal sub-centres. After Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar, Vidyanagar, Surat and Rajkot, the Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has decided to make four more zonal sub-centres for administrative convenience. The new centres will be created in Kutch, Bhuj, Amreli and Navsari.The GTU officials said that over three lakh students study in technical colleges affiliated with the GTU. \"They will help in better administration. Each centre will have a deputy registrar, a controller of examination and a director of academics,\" said GTU registrar Gitesh Joshi.Joshi said that the zonal sub centers will enable the students of those areas to pay the fee as well as allow colleges to carry out financial transactions closer home without coming to the GTU head office. More centers will also administratively ease the process of exams and paper assessment.The officials said that the GTU has also decided to have more zonal centers especially during the exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16975576", "title": "Woes of Kozhikode private bus passengers far from over", "text": "KOZHIKODE: When a family was attacked by a group of bus workers at the moffusil bus stand in the city on August 20, the motor vehicle authorities promised that the department would initiate strict steps to prevent similar incidents in future, including suspension of permits of the buses that violate rules.But, problems of the private bus passengers are far from over. The latest victim of the arrogance of the bus workers in the bus stand was a medical officer of a primary health centre in Malappuram, Dr M P Ali. He was brutally beaten up by a group of bus workers at the mofussil bus stand two days ago for demanding balance money. The doctor, who was seriously injured in the incident, had lodged a complaint against the workers of CT Travels bus plying in Thrissur-Kozhikode route, with Kasaba Police. The driver and two other workers of the bus were arrested on Thursday.In his complaint, Ali said that it was a criminal gang, which was working for the private bus operators in the city, that attacked him. The motor vehicle department officials also agree with this. Deputy transport commissioner A T Rosamma told TOI that some unions of bus operators and bus workers were functioning like criminal groups. \"They threaten passengers and even the officials who take actions against the buses which violate rules,\" she said. Recently an office-bearer of Kerala Bus Transporters' Association (KBTA) threatened her and warned her against taking action against the buses owned by him. \"As these people have political support, the department officials have limitations in taking action against them. Proper and timely action by police is the only solution for the issue,\" Rosamma said. \"And passengers should come forward and raise voice against these people,\" she added.Following incidents of attacks on passengers by bus workers MVD had announced that it would install surveillance cameras at various spots inside the moffusil bus stand to ensure the security of passengers and also to prevent the rule violation of buses. But the installation of cameras is not yet complete.There are complaints against a number of private buses plying in the Kozhikode-Thrissur, Kozhikode-Palakkad, Kozhikode-Manjeri and Kazhikode-Tirur route that they violate permit rules. Even ordinary buses running in these routes collect the same fare of super fast buses from the passengers, after displaying a super fast board illegally.Rajeev Kudumbiyil, regional manager of a software company and a passenger in the Kozhikode- Malappuram route, said majority of bus workers were do not know how to behave with the passengers.Meanwhile, the district secretary of bus operators association Suresh Babu criticized the media for putting the blame on bus workers. \"The passengers also should try to behave properly with the bus workers to avoid clashes', he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16976247", "title": "Government apathy reflects in public interest litigations", "text": "VARANASI: The fact that local organisations have to resort to PILs to improve the city's civic facilities, preserve its heritage, and save the banks of its rivers from land sharks reflects poorly on the government machinery's fulfillment of its responsibilities.The beginning of the coming week would be crucial for the local authorities. Varanasi Development Authority (VDA) is to submit its compliance report in view of Allahabad high court order to demolish illegal constructions within 200 metres of Ganga on October 29.On October 30, the district administration will submit its report on the progress in sanitary arrangements and condition of roads. On October 31, the HC has scheduled next hearing in the PIL filed by an organization to preserve and restore the city's water bodies.It is worth mentioning that a few years ago, Kautilya Society had filed a PIL in Allahabad HC after which an order was issued for the demolition of illegal constructions within 200 meters area of Ganga's banks erected after the issuance of a government order in 1998. On July 27, the HC had issued strict orders after which the VDA swung into action.Initially, the bid to launch demolition drive by the VDA generated resentment but in view of the HC order, the owners of the buildings started demolishing the illegal portions voluntarily. When the joint secretary of VDA SC Mishra was contacted on Friday, he said VDA would submit its compliance report on October 29.He claimed that out of 16 identified buildings, demolition works had been completed at 10 buildings while the issue of other six buildings is pending in courts for revision.On October 30, the progress report in compliance of another HC order issued in a PIL filed by a local organization Jago Banaras will be submitted after completion of the 13 day deadline. Though strict monitoring by senior officials has yielded positive results in improving sanitary arrangements, the agencies responsible for improving condition of roads have not succeeded in completing their task.The district magistrate's office was abuzz with activity on Friday when the members of an organization which had filed a PIL for preservation and restoration of water bodies including ponds and historical Kunds in 2010, met the district officials to know the present status of the water bodies. SN Gaud of this organization alleged that for the past seven months, the issue of drives launched to save water bodies from land sharks and their restoration had been put on the backburner.Other members of this organization said that about 10 ponds including those in Chitrakoot, and near mental hospital road, Khajuri, Shushkeshwar, Kurukshetra, Dhanesara and Nadesar ponds had been made free from encroachments in past years in view of the HC order. However, the encroachments had returned due to government indifference, they alleged. Gaud alleged that due to unavailability of dumping grounds, employees of the Varanasi Municipal Corporation dumped garbage in many water bodies which made land grabbing easier for the land sharks.The organization considers the exercises made regarding searching the land revenue documents of all water bodies existing in the city as incomplete and said that presently, the exercises are being conducted with the records of about 60 ponds only.The chief revenue officer Alok Kumar admitted that after 2007, no fresh effort had been made to conduct a survey to know the actual shape and status of the ponds. He said VMC had been asked to conduct a fresh survey in 15 days. He said the process of land revenue record correction would follow this exercise. The DM Saurabh Babu also expressed determination to remove the encroachers from the water bodies and intensify the drives for their restoration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16976518", "title": "Anglo-Indians debate challenges, road ahead", "text": "PATNA: The three-day joint annual general meeting (AGM) of The All India Anglo-Indian Association (TAIAIA) and The All India Anglo-Indian Educational Institution opened here on Friday, with over 400 delegates from across the country participating in it. Being held for the first time in Bihar, the meet is discussing the challenges facing the community, the achievements and the road ahead.Neil O'Brien, former member of Parliament and president-in-chief of TAIAIA, said on the occasion, \"The community may be small in term of numbers but its contribution to the society is quite significant.\" O'Brien, who has been the president of the association since 1998, also highlighted the importance of education. He said, \"Students these days lack focus. Young people should not take jobs only for money, rather they should make a career in a field they like...\"Inaugurating the conference, arts, culture and youth affairs minister Sukhda Pandey said she was impressed with the discipline of the community members. She said, \"The best schools in India are run by Anglo-Indians and everyone wants to get their children admitted to these schools, not only for proper education but also for their all-round development.\" The community had set an example in providing free education and service to the humanity.The minister also expressed her solidarity with TAIAIA members' demand for representation in Bihar legislative assembly. She said she would put their demand before Bihar CM Nitish Kumar and requested the association members to submit a memorandum in this regard to the chief minister. Earlier, the members discussed the need for representation in Bihar legislative assembly as the Indian Constitution provided for the nomination of Anglo-Indians to the lawmaking bodies.The representatives of 42 of the 62 branches of TAIAIA are attending the meet organized jointly by its Patna and Danapur branches, supported by Don Bosco Academy, St Dominic Savio's High School and St Karen's High School. The AGM provides a platform to the members to get together and put forth their opinion on different matters.Several awards were presented on Friday to recognize the contribution of members to their respective branches. The Best Branch award was won by Ayanavaram branch of Chennai while the most promising branch award was bagged by the Goa branch. Cultural programmes such as Hawaiian Nights were also a part of the event and a formal ball would be organized on Saturday.A vote of thanks was proposed by the co-chairman of the joint organizing committee, Donald Galstaun. Many present and former MLAs, including Jharkhand MLA Glen Galstaun, Lorain Lobo, MLA, Madhya Pradesh , Nancy Francis, MLA, Tamil Nadu and former MLA A G deRozario, were also present at the event.Quote\"The best schools in India are run by Anglo-Indians and everyone wants to get their children admitted to these schools, not only for proper education but also for their all-round development. The community has set an example in providing free education and service to the humanity.\" - Sukhda Pandey, Minister", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978718", "title": "Jr. NTR visits Chandra Babu Naidu in Gadwal", "text": "Taking out some time from his shooting itinerary, young tiger Jr. NTR met TDP Chief Chandrababu Naidu , who suffered minor injuries while addressing a gathering at Gadwal. No sooner did the actor heard the news, he took a break from his shooting and rushed to meet his uncle Chandrababu Naidu. Director Sreenu Vaitla and producer Bandla Ganesh also met the TDP leader and wished him a speedy recovery.NTR is currently shooting for Baadshah, directed by Sreenu Vaitla. Kajal Agarwal is playing the female lead and SS Thaman is scoring the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16975628", "title": "Government takes measures to make state polio-free", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has stepped up efforts to ensure that not even a single polio case should be reported in the state. Administering polio drops to children would continue at Munabao railway station for those travelling by the Thar Express, which runs between India and Pakistan, said medical, health and family welfare department, two days after celebrating World Polio Day on October 24.In Rajasthan, no new cases of polio have been detected since 2009. The last case in the state was detected on November 27, 2009 in Bharatpur. In the same year, two more new cases of polio were detected before the last case reported in November. In 2010, 2011 and 2012 so far, there was no fresh case of polio.Project director (immunization) R P Jain said, \"The polio vaccination will continue at Munabao railway station for every child travelling from Pakistan to India and from India to Pakistan.\"Every week on Saturday, around 300 people arrive at Munabao railway station from Pakistan and similar number of passengers travel from India to Pakistan by Thar Express. Around 14% of the total 600 passengers are children below 5 years. The department administers polio vaccine to all the children below 5 years as Pakistan is still in the polio-endemic country list while India in 2012 was removed from the list of such countries.Besides, Alwar and Bharatpur are in the list of high risk districts. The children below 5 years of age in Alwar and Bharatpur are being administered polio vaccine five times in a year while in other districts the polio vaccines are administered only twice a year. The health department launches campaign for polio vaccination at every alternate month in Alwar and Bharatpur.Also, the health department claimed that the surveillance of acute flaccid paralysis (AFP) cases has been intensified. In the last financial year, the health department found 1,500 cases of AFP. Jain said, \"In the last financial year, we found over 1,500 AFP cases in the state and the samples were sent to Ahmedabad virology laboratory to find out the reason of paralysis among AFP cases. But all the samples tested negative for polio virus. The reasons for paralysis among children can be many. But, in all the cases, we found that there was not a single case which tested positive for polio virus.\"The department claimed that the routine pulse polio programme has also been strengthened. The pulse polio vaccines are administered to children at the age of 1.5 month, 2.5 month, 3.5 month and at the age of 1.5 year.City's health experts say continued efforts on both local and national level will make India a polio-free country. The World Health Organization (WHO) grants polio free-status to countries where no polio cases have been reported in past three years.Dr Deepak Shivpuri, senior consultant and head of department, pediatrics &amp; neonatology, of a private hospital, said, \"No polio case in the last year and a half makes it imperative for us to continue efforts in this direction. Pediatricians across India have shown confidence in the protective efficacy of sequential administration of injectable polio vaccine and oral polio vaccine to achieve the polio free status in 2014.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16976237", "title": "One shot dead over property dispute", "text": "VARANASI: Shankar Yadav, 60, a native of Rajapur village under Bahariabad police station in Ghazipur district was shot dead inside a room connected to his tube-well on Thursday night. His wife has lodged a named FIR against three persons including Shankar's nephew in this connection.According to reports, Shankar and his family dwelt with the families of his two brothers Ramlakhan and Shivdhani while the son of his fourth brother Ajay was residing with his family in a separate house near his tube-well. A land dispute between Shankar and Ajay has long been pending in a local court and the next date of hearing in the case is scheduled on November 4.On Thursday night, Shankar turned on his tube-well and slept in the adjacent room. Past midnight, some miscreants entered the room and sprayed him with bullets before fleeing from the scene. The incident came to light on Friday morning when Shankar's family found his body lying in a pool of blood at the spot. On the other hand, Ajay and his family were absconding after the incident and their house was found locked. Police are said to have launched a manhunt for Ajay after sending the body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978126", "title": "Zac Efron auctions time to raise charity fund", "text": "Actor Zac Efron has reportedly decided to auction his time in order to raise fund for charity.The 25-year-old will spend one hour with the lucky bidder and will raise money for organisation Communities in school, reports contactmusic.com.The auction is being organised by website Charity Buzz and is expected to raise $5,000. The bidding will end Oct 31 and the site says: \"Polite manners and respect for the generous donor and adherence to any rules or parameters are a must.\"The actor was last seen in director Lee Daniels \"The Paperboy\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16974296", "title": "In six months, an effort to make Panaji a better city", "text": "PANAJI: The traffic decongestion model prepared by the Charles Correia Foundation for the city of Panaji will take six months for the first phase of implementation and the next phase will take 18 months if there is no opposition to the proposal.This was disclosed by the CCP commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues after his public presentation on the proposed decongestion model on Friday.Rodrigues said \"the plan can only work as a network. It has to be done together and not in isolation.\"Hinting at the government and political support for the plan, he further said \"the situation is ripe to implement this plan in all aspects. I will not elaborate.\"In the first phase, the parking, no parking and one-way lanes will be demarcated an enforced and in the second phase the rapid transport, hop-on hop-off buses, and bus shelter will be in place.Observing that the chaotic traffic and parking situation was leading to accidents, polluted air, noise pollution, inaccessible roads, lost time, increasing fuel consumption, stress and road rage Rodrigues said the decongestion model will lead to safer roads, and disciplined parking among other benefits.Claiming that the model will provide people with predictable travel time, he said the distance for journeys such as from the KTC Panaji bus stand to Miramar will reduce from 45 minutes to 12 minutes. It will not take more than five minutes to catch a bus and reaching any destination may take a maximum of one bus change. The maximum walking distance in the central business area will be 125 metres.The plan proposes a hop-on hop-off bus system on three routes in the city and five rapid transport bus loops through areas such as Dona Paula, Taleigao, St Cruz, Bambolim, Altinho and Mala. Many roads in the heart of the city will be pedestrian only.The plan also foresees drastically reducing congested roads and junctions, unfriendly pedestrian conditions, inefficient public transport system and haphazard parking, he said.Observing that there was a need to incentivise public transport, Rodrigues said an entire shift of mindset was also needed. He said that while in India, there are 18 vehicles per thousand people, in Goa the number was 500.Talking of the short sighted measures adopted by the city in the past, Rodrigues said pavements were cut to make roads wider but this only led to double parking.Rodrigues said the plan will be kept open with a register for citizen's suggestions in the CCP hall. It will also be uploaded and be available on the CCP website he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16976120", "title": "Trader nabbed with adulterated spices", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A huge consignment of adulterated turmeric and chilli powder was seized by a team of deputy commissioner of police, Zone IV, from a shop in Sardarnagar on Friday. City cops also nabbed a trader in this regard.A team of food and drugs department was later called upon the spot to collect samples from the stock of 500 kilograms of spurious food products. According to city police, a team of Zone IV raided shop of Anil Kriplani in G Ward on the basis of a tip-off and seized the stock.\"We got to know that Kriplani used to mix rice powder and maize flour with turmeric to increase the volume of the stock and mixed coloured saw dust with chilli. The spices were going to various markets in the state including Kalupur and Madhavpura,\" said a police investigator.This is the fourth raid in the run-up to the festivities by the city police on various shops to check the adulteration in food items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16975916", "title": "Hemashri murder: Husband's driver arrested", "text": "BANGALORE: The absconding driver of slain Kannada TV actor Hemashri's husband, Surendra Babu, has been arrested by Hebbal police.The driver, identified as Satish, is in his late 20s and is a native of Chikmagalur and resident of Kaggadasapura. Babu, 52, has been arrested in connection with his 28-year-old wife's murder.\"Satish was Babu's driver for a long time but he had quit three months back. But on October 8, Babu requested Satish to drive him and his wife to Hyderabad in their car,\" police sources said.The sources quoted Satish as saying that Hemashri was in a dazed state even as they drove out of the city. When Satish asked Babu the reason for her condition, the driver was told to do his job, police sources said.However, Babu got Satish to drive to a farm house near Anantapur in the early hours of October 9. Police sources said Satish helped Babu carry Hemashri, who was unconscious by then, into a room in the farm house.Satish said he left the couple and returned to Bangalore. Satish told police that he got scared on learning that Hemashri was brought dead to a Bangalore hospital the same day and fled to Goa, from where he was picked up by Bangalore police.At the farm house, police sources said that the couple fought again after Hemashri woke up. The actor lost consciousness again and was brought to Baptist Hospital where the doctors declared her brought dead.Police suspect that Babu administered an overdose of chloroform to Hemashri, killing her. They said the couple shared a troubled relationship and Babu had arranged the trip to consummate their marriage.Satish was on Friday remanded to 15 days in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16975350", "title": "'Create positive sentiments in financial sector'", "text": "INDORE: 'Ahvan 2012' - a three-day management fest of IIM Indore kicked off on Friday with premier consulting event 'Chanakya'. More than 1000 teams including teams from IIM Ahmedabad and IIM Bangalore participated in the event.The teams presented their analyses on a live case study provided by Cognizant. These case analyses were reviewed by the panel comprising Aashish Chandorkar, director - Cognizant Technology Solution; Prof. Sundar and Prof. Ganesh. Chanakya has the highest prize money across any management event in India which is worth Rs.1.5 lakh. The team, Three Cheers from XLRI emerged winners whereas team Vikrant from IIM Bangalore was runners-up.Earlier chairman and MD of Central Bank of India , M V Tanksale inaugurated the management fest. Speaking on the occasion Tanksale elaborated on the dynamics of banking and retail sector and threw light on how banks have transformed from being mere transaction providers to being solution providers. Tanksale also spoke on how the most important requirement of the country is the need to create positive sentiments in the financial sector and how the skill deficit has to be bridged by encouraging entrepreneurs to challenge the status quo. The attendants of the speech left with a very motivated and positive mind-set.The other events which are scheduled for the day are- Ashwamedha, MyCampaign, Gordian Knot and Finance League. The final showdown of these events will continue in the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16975697", "title": "Fece-off between JMC staff, Congress councilors", "text": "JAIPUR: A fight between Jaipur Muncipal Corporation (JMC) employee union and Congress councilors turned ugly on Friday in the CEO's office.Congress councilors were in the office for more than four hours and the dispute was resolved after the education minister Brij Kishore Sharam and Congress MLA Pratap Singh intervened.The incident occurred around 1 pm when many Congress councilors reached JMC CEO's office demanding development works and sanitation in their respective wards. During the heated argument, the JMC CEO allegedly misbehaved with Archana Sharma, councilor of ward number 41, and her husband and asked them to leave the office.It was reported that the CEO lost his temper since the councilors were forcing him to sanction development work in their wards.The fight intensified as union leaders also reached the office. However, the CEO left to meet a delegation that had arrived from Korea. Following which the union leaders closed the door of the office and detained the councilors for more than four hours. The local police officials were also called.When the minister and MLA reached the spot, the employee union alleged that councilors' husbands were unnecessarily harassing the employees; the union also ordered them to apologise for misbehaving with the CEO.On the other hand, the Congress councilors threatened the minister of resigning from the party if no action was taken against the CEO.The Congress councilor also allegedly fought with leader of opposition Gulam Nabi for calling the union employee in CEO's support. Congress councilor Rajjak Bhati also raised her footwear to Nabi and asked him to leave the office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16975866", "title": "A jampacked tribute to Bhatti", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Many turned up to watch their favourite comedy king spread laughter as he always did on Friday, but for few the experience was an emotional one too. DAV College student Mandeep Singh, who had become a fan of Jaspal Bhatti's satirist comedy ever since he first watched 'Mahaul Theek Hai' in 1999, went to a city multiplex on Friday for the first show with a heavy heart.Mandeep and his group of friends came together to watch the movie, which he said, \"Is a tribute to the 'King of Comedy' as he died while returning after the promotion of this movie.\"\"We went for his funeral as well to pay the obeisance on his last journey,\" he added.Sector 21 resident Ravneet Singh said the genre of comedy, particularly in Punjabi cinema, will seem incomplete in Jaspal Bhatti's absence. \"I left all my work to watch the first show of his last movie,\" he added.\"He was a larger than life character who could make us laugh and took our minds off the daily worries,\" said Loveleen Kaur of Sector 45.Jagjeet Singh, a Bhatti fan who came all the way from Mandi Gobindgarh with his friends to watch the movie here, said, \"The one who taught Indians to laugh has left them in tears. He is the undisputed king of comedy for giving us clean and witty humour for years, carving a unique place for himself and his creativity.\"\"Any one who has watched 'Ulta Pulta' can never forget Jaspal Bhatti,\" said Ravi Juneja, who came from Kalka to watch the movie.General manger of a city multiplex Chander Mohan said almost all shows went full on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16976635", "title": "Rajnath slams UP govt for Faizabad violence", "text": "KANPUR: Senior BJP leader, Rajnath Singh held Samajwadi party's appeasement policy responsible for Wednesday's violence in Faizabad district. He demanded a high-level inquiry to probe into the incident.While addressing the media persons, Singh further said SP chief, Mulayam Singh Yadav had sought six months' time for the Akhilesh government. \"However, in those six months, the state government has completely failed, particularly on the law and order front,\" said Singh.Sharpening the attack on both SP and BSP (Bahujan Samaj Party), he added, \"both these parties fight with each other in UP but at the Centre, SP and BSP are leaving no stone unturned and shake hands to rescue the Congress. They have only been ditching the people and are doing this to avoid CBI inquiry.\"Rajnath Singh further said, \"there was no reason to believe in the inquiries of the four commissioners including that of Gurgaon, Faridabad, Palwal and Mewat, who have given clean chit to Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra in land deals. \"I hope that they are the part of the same 'Government'. Now, how can we prove their probe wrong, when the allotment has been done by them only.\"Singh backed his party president stand of conducting a probe and said none of the leaders of the opposition, who faced serious allegations in the past, had shown such type of courage. Over the issue of projecting Gujarat chief minister, Narendra Modi as BJP's prime ministerial candidate in the forthcoming Lok Sabha elections, Singh said Narendra Modi is a politician with clean image and it is upto the decision of party's parliamentary board to field him as a prime ministerial candidate in 2014 general elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978805", "title": "Alex Pandian is a Pongal release", "text": "The Karthi film which was supposed to release in December has been shifted to 2013.Fans were looking forward to Karthi's film post his brother Suriya's Maattraan . While it was set to release oN December 14, competition is likely to have made them move it to a festival date - Pongal. In Tamil nadu, trhe festival releases are considered important and most big stars like to have a Diwali or Pongal release.Vijay's Thuppakki is scheduled to release on November 9 while Rajini's Kochaidaiyaan is expected to be a Pongal release. While Vijay's film is confirmed, there is no clarity on the Rajini film.Kamal's Viswaroopam is also pending release - while it expected to release for Diwali, speculation is that it will release for Pongal next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16976085", "title": "NRI providing affordable solar-powered lamps to countrymen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While coal is in the news for all the wrong reasons these days in India, this NRI woman's solar-powered lamps are spreading light in rural areas. Under her co-partnered firm Greenlight Planet, Radhika is selling affordable lamps in African countries and rural pockets of India.In India, her mission began at Chikanpada - a tribal village with a population of around 300 in Thane's Boisar taluka, 150km from Mumbai. Her solar lanterns are now popular in Maharashtra, Karnataka, Bihar , some eastern states and will soon be available in villages in Gujarat as well.Having grown up in USA and studying international relations at Tufts University , Radhika moved to New York City to work on public education reform and then to Washington DC to join The Advisory Board Company, a healthcare consultancy. \"I always wanted to bridge my interest in driving social change and improving the livelihood of underserved populations with my preference for working within the context of the private sector. After five years of working in business development, I started to get an itch for something different, more personally fulfilling,\" says Radhika.\"In early 2008, I started following the success of a number of social enterprises in South Asia and East Africa. I realized these start-up organizations that applied a results oriented approach of the private sector to solving massive developing world challenges had the right answer,\" she adds.Around the same time, her brother, Anish Thakkar was pitching the concept of Greenlight Planet along with two business partners. They raised money to launch the venture at the very end of 2008, and by early 2009, they asked Radhika to help them with business development. This venture is an American social business that designs and distributes innovative, high quality, massively affordable energy solutions for off-grid, Bottom of the Pyramid (BoP) households in India and Africa.\"I joined Greenlight Planet in June of 2009 and after a few months of focusing on building channel partners in India, I started exploring opportunities to take our business to sub-Saharan Africa where almost 800 million people lack access to electricity and depend on kerosene for light. Across the last two years, we have grown our business to reach off-grid households in 14 African countries,\" avers Radhika who is the head of the Global Partnerships at Greenlight Planet.Radhika has recently moved to Nairobi to open Greenlight's first office in Africa and focus on more strategic growth across the African continent. \"Our Sun King line of solar lanterns is drastically changing the lives of men, women and children around the world. Instead of burning dirty, polluting, expensive and dangerous kerosene lanterns every night, families can simply switch on a clean, solar powered lantern to work, study and live after the sun sets each night. Children in rural India and Africa can study in night without straining their eyes and health by reading under a kerosene lamp,\" Radhika explains.In the last three years, their venture has grown quickly as a company and their solar lanterns have reached almost 3,50,000 homes in India and Africa. \"The cost of buying a solar lamp is a one time investment over buying stocks of kerosene and a lot of households in developing nations are educated on this aspect. They get clean and cheap energy which in turn protects the environment and their personal health,\" says Radhika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16974521", "title": "India seeks response from Italy on bribery charge in chopper deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is asking Italy for an early response on alleged irregularities, including involvement of middlemen, in the 2010 deal for the purchase of a dozen helicopters for the use of its VVIPs. It is also seeking information about a brigadier who probably demanded a bribe in 2010 to fix another helicopter deal.\"In response to media reports alleging irregularities in the contract for 12 helicopters from AugustaWestland for VVIP use, the ministry of defence has once again taken up the matter with the Italian government through the ministry of external affairs and has asked for an early response on the issue,\" a defence ministry statement said.\"The Italian government has been requested to provide details of the existence, if any, of any middlemen or any individual or Indian entity in the above mentioned contract,\" it added.According to an ongoing investigation in Italy, there were indications that almost Rs 350 crore worth of kickbacks may have been paid for the VVIP helicopter deal signed for the Indian Air Force. The arrest of a man in Switzerland last week in connection with the deal and the filing of a charge-sheet in an Italian court have all brought back focus on the allegations.A preliminary charge-sheet filed in a Naples court has given details of an alleged demand for bribe by a brigadier to influence another deal, for 197 light utility helicopters. According to documents seized from the middleman Guido Haschke, the brigadier, who was in charge of flight trials of the deal, had demanded $5 million (approximately Rs 25 crore) in January 2010, just before the trials were to begin.\"The MoD has asked the Italian government and concerned agencies there through MEA to provide the name and relevant documents relating to the alleged involvement of a brigadier in the ongoing process for the acquisition of 197 light utility helicopters for the Indian Army,\" the defence ministry statement said.It reiterated that the ministry will take \"strong action\" against the offenders detected through this probe.A senior defence ministry source said they had written three-four times to the Indian embassy in Rome in the past. In all their responses, the embassy said the Italian government and prosecution agency were not willing to part with any evidence. Indian embassy's own sources couldn't give any significant information to show bribe payment, he said.\"Earlier this week, the AugustaWestland CEO met the Indian ambassador to assure that there were no middlemen and bribery involved in the VVIP deal,\" the source said. \"But that is not enough, we want to be sure on our own terms,\" he added. If preliminary evidence reaches the defence ministry, government wouldn't hesitate to cancel the VVIP helicopter deal, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16974572", "title": "Kisan Mahapanchayat to protest land policy", "text": "GURGAON: Protesting against the land acquisition policy of the Haryana government, villagers of Manesar are holding a Kisan Mahapanchayat in which Arvind Kejriwal and other members of India Against Corruption (IAC) are also participating on October 30.Speaking about the event, the organizer, Om Prakash, a Manesar resident, said: \"The Mahapanchayat will highlight the land acquisition policy that is not in favour of land owners and also seek support of the IAC to raise the issue nationally.\"The villagers will be addressed by Kejriwal on the issue of land acquisition and his plans to take up issues relating to Haryana government.In Manesar region, villagers are critical of the manner in which the state government had been passing on the acquired land to private builders for developing townships and colonies. \"The biggest problem the landowners are facing is due to the acquiring of land by HUDA to benefit builders in the region developing townships and colonies,\" said Om Prakash.The region has over 600 acres of land acquired by the state government that is under litigation in different courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16975102", "title": "Kittur taluk will have 4 more gram panchayats", "text": "BELGAUM: Kittur which became the 117th new taluk in the state will have 22 gram panchayats (GPs) under it.Kittur became a taluk on Tuesday. In 2003, the government had sanctioned a special tahsildar office in Kittur and added 18 GPs under its ambit, now, more four GPS were added to the new taluk with Bailhongal taluk in it. Until now, Bailhongal was the taluk headquarters for Kittur and surrounding villages.Population, geographical area, communication facilities and historical background were taken into consideration before announcing the new taluk. According to district administration sources, the new taluk will have around 1.28 lakh population as per the 2001 census including 64,643 males and 62,857 females.The town is located beside Pune-Bangalore National Highway-4 and also has transport facilities towards Bailhongal. The town is famous for the Kittur Fort. The government celebrates f Rani Chennamma's victory against the British in the name of Kittur Utsav.There was a proposal to include villages from Dharwad district and Khanapur taluk into the new taluk. But that was dropped later.The GPs under Kittur taluk are: MK Hubballi, Dastikopp, Devera Shigihalli, Kadrolli, Hunashikatti, Turmuri, Khodanpur, Kalabhanvi, Ambadagatti, Tigadilli, Ugarkhod, Hirenandihalli, Avaradi, Bailur, Degaon, Kittur, Nicchanaki, Kulavalli, Sangolli, Holinagalapur, Turakara Shigihalli and Pattihal (KB).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16975621", "title": "HC order a major setback for BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: Five months after the state BJP rejoiced the clean chit to Rajendra Rathore given by a lower court, the party, particularly Rathore and former chief minister Vasundhara Raje , has received a major set back after Friday's HC order in the Dara encounter case.Known as Raje's most vocal loyalist and supporter in the party, Rathore has earned a reputation of being the former chief minister's right hand. With Rathore fighting his own legal battle in the Dara encounter case, Raje's support base is expected to weaken at a time when the her camp is leaving no stone unturned to make her the helm of party affairs in the state.Rathore is believed to be the one with the sharpest political sense in the Raje camp and plays a vital role as adviser for the former chief minister.\"Raje is undoubtedly the most popular face of the party and a strong chief ministerial candidate. She is currently involved in heavy bargaining with the party high command, which will itself weaken if Rathore again gets entangled in the legal battle and the impact would be worse if he is implicated,'' a senior party office bearer said.The high court verdict came as a major shock for the state BJP and the leaders are taking their time to react. Despite the fact that the verdict came early, the reactions including that of Rathore only came much later.Sources in the party claimed that the leaders will also have to strategically extend support to Rathore and not over do it as that might repel Jats and Bishnois, who are conventionally Congress voters but currently upset with the ruling party. \"Every move has to be well thought. For now, wait and watch is the only option for us,'' another leader .After an entire day of silence, Rathore sent over a statement to the media saying he would approach the Supreme Court. The state BJP's chief whip choose not to interact with the media or the few supporters who had gathered outside his Civil Lines residence. There was hardly any movement at his residence as the staff claimed that Rathore was not present and the first statement came from his son Parakram Rathore.\"We have full faith in the judicial system and are seeking opinion of legal experts. I am myself will go to Delhi. We have the support of the party,\" he said while interacting with the waiting media.State president Arun Chaturvedi later in the day said, \"We have full regard for the high court order. The law will take its own course.'' However, the state BJP leaders unlike at the time when Rathore was arrested and later released, refrained from making any tall statements on the support to him. \"The timing is ill-fated. When we should be building the foundation for a victory in the next assembly elections, the party is facing jolts. If things don't go in favour of Rathore, the party's image too will be badly hit,\" a senior Raje camp leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16979071", "title": "Ajith\u2019s next on a roll", "text": "The shoot for Ajith - Vishnuvardhan film seems to be going at a rapid pace and we hear that the next phase of the shoot will be in Mumbai. The crew along with the lead cast is travelling to Mumbai today for the shoot. Ajith had recently visited AM Ratnam at the Sai Baba Temple, which the producer had built on the occasion of Vijayadhasami. A special pooja was held in the early hours of the morning and Ajith was present there in a traditional white shirt and silk dhoti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975283", "title": "69 candidates in HP polls have pending criminal charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Virbhadra Singh was forced to quit the Union ministry over pending corruption charges, but the assembly poll contestants' list includes 69 candidates, who have criminal charges pending against them.Singh resigned from the Union Cabinet in June after a Shimla court had framed charges of corruption against him. There are five other candidates along with Singh who have cases registered against the Prevention of Corruption act pending.According to affidavits analyzed by the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), of the 445 candidates, 16% have criminal charges against them led by the CPM. About 63% or 10 out of the 16 CPM candidates have declared that they have criminal charges pending against them. This is followed by Congress with 24% facing criminal cases, Himachal Lokhit Party (19%,) BSP (13%), BJP (10%) and Trinamool Congress (8%).Six candidates have cases under the Prevention of Corruption Act, including Congress's Virbhadra Singh from Shimla rural constituency, Anirudh Singh contesting from Kasumpti, Harish from Shimla, Suresh Chandel (BJP) from Bilaspur, Rajiv Bindal (BJP) from Nahan and Daulat Ram (HLP) contesting from Bilaspur.Out of these 69 candidates with declared criminal cases, 30 have declared serious criminal cases like murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, robbery and extortion. CPM has five, Congress (5), BJP (4), HLP (1) and BSP (5) such candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974616", "title": "Quash cruelty case by Sheetal, Mafatlals ask HC", "text": "MUMBAI: After publicly disowning Atulya as son and brother respectively, 79-year-old Mafatlal matriarch Madhuri and her son Ajay (who was born Aparna) have now approached the Bombay high court to quash the criminal case of cruelty filed by their daughter-in-law, Sheetal, against them.According to both the mother and son, Atulya and his second wife Sheetal \"deliberately made allegations against each other as part of a larger conspiracy to drag them into unwarranted criminal cases which they otherwise couldn't have since the family had distanced itself from the couple through civil litigation\". Last August, Atulya, through his daughter Marushka from his first wife Payal, accused Sheetal of stealing nearly 40 valuable paintings of great artists, they said; in a \"counter blast\", Sheetal accused Atulya and his family of treating her with cruelty and harassment since 2004. According to the two, the conspiracy angle was strengthened by the consent terms that Atulya and Sheetal entered into this July to drop charges against each other and against Marushka, son Varun (from first marriage) and one of Atulya's sisters, Kunti Shah.The consent terms, \"contrary to law\", they said, gave Sheetal the civil rights against the rest of the family. It gave her the sole rights to and possession of all the paintings, which she had said she never stole. Madhuri and Ajay has produced a document to show that 32 paintings, including the works of Shakti Burman, Souza, M F Hussain, K K Hebbar, were listed in an inventory dated September 27, 2003, as assets of Mafatlal Dyes &amp; Chemical, a Mafatlal group company, which is in liquidation. Between 1996 and 1998, the company bought them for less than a lakh to several lakh of rupees each. \"The paintings, which are worth crores of rupees, should go towards settling the dues of the company's creditors, shareholders and poor workers,\" said the petition which will soon come up in court.Madhuri and Ajay's petition says Sheetal's complaint must be quashed not only because it is baseless but also because Gamdevi cops flouted government notifications that require them to first verify the genuineness of a complaint under Section 498-A of the IPC (cruelty to wife by husband and his family) and then try to come to a settlement. But the police hastily filed an FIR on August 17, 2011, within hours of a magistrate's order to probe Marushka's complaint against her stepmother reaching the police.The petition, a copy of which is with TOI, says Sheetal's allegations that Ajay singed her with cigarettes are false and even cited a letter written by Nassir Taj Hajjar, a common friend of Sheetal and Atulya, as a proof. This February, Hajjar wrote to the Gamdevi police, saying the butt burns were \"caused accidentally\" by him while he was at Atulya's residence last May for his birthday.Sheetal's lawyer Zulfi Memon was not reachable but her other lawyer Parvez Memon said \"he had no instructions yet in the matter\". Sheetal was not reachable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16976618", "title": "Winter\u2019s here, but exercise caution, advise doctors", "text": "KANPUR: Avoid air-conditioners and cold drinks during the afternoon and take woolens along if you are to commute in the evening. These are only some of the precautionary measures advised by city doctors apprehending a spurt in viral and bacterial infections at the onset of winters in the industrial city.The minimum temperature recorded on Friday was 12.6 degrees Celsius while the maximum temperature was 29.3 degrees Celsius, the wide gap indicating the arrival of this year's winter season.The met department has said the day temperatures may rise in the coming days while the minimum temperature will remain the same, making conditions favorable for bacterial and viral growth, and therefore demanding greater caution.\"Influenza cases surge tremendously whenever there is a sharp drop in temperature or there is a huge difference between day and night temperatures. Experiencing extreme hot and cold weather is particularly risky for infants, elderly and those suffering from diabetes or chronic respiratory diseases,\" said Dr Shailendra Tiwari, physician at Ursala Horseman Hospital.Anil Gupta, another physician said even though the weather may be warm when most people leave homes during the day, they must take care to carry woolens with them for their commute towards home in the evening.Meanwhile, the weather bureau said the current temperature trends are not unusual.\"The night temperatures in the city are hovering around 12 to 15 degrees while the day temperatures are between 28 to 30 degrees.The differential is not unusual as it happens almost every year at the onset of winters,\" said Anirudh Dubey, meteorologist at Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16975090", "title": "Sound 'n' light show to be twice a week in Hubli", "text": "BELGAUM: There's more to cheer for Kittur. The thrilling sound and light programme at Kittur Fort is set to be a regular feature soon. The idea is to attract more tourists to this historical place. The development comes just days after Kittur was promised taluk status by the chief minister.The sound and light programme, depicting the story of Rani Chennamma, was introduced in the fort in 2010. Since then the show has been drawing crowds. Karnataka State Tourism Development Corporation (KSTDC) organises this event only during Kittur Utsava every year. It has been taking the help of a Bangalore-based private firm to arrange the show.As there was overwhelming response for the sound and light programme at the recently held Kittur Utsava, plans are afoot to make this a regular event during weekends at Kittur Fort to attract tourists. The fort has a seating capacity of 2,000. The 45-minute show highlights the life history of the Kittur queen, who fought the British in 1824.Speaking to TOI, Major Siddalingayya Hiremath, assistant commissioner, Bailhongal, taluk, said that KSTDC is likely to hand over the responsibility of organizing this event to Kittur Development Authority (KDA) in the next few days. The government has spent nearly Rs 2.25 crore on the project, he said.A few days ago, during the inauguration of the two-day Kittur Utsava, Chief Minister Jagadish Shettar announced taluk status for Kittur. With an intention to promote tourism in Kittur we are planning to conduct sound and light shows twice a week, said Hiremath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16975310", "title": "Writer charges playwright, director with plagiarism of play 'Chaama Chaluve'", "text": "MYSORE: The play 'Chaama Chaluve' which was well received by theatre buffs, has kicked up a row with folk writer P K Rajashekhar charging those behind the play with plagiarism.Rajashekar has claimed that the play is a copy of his book 'Chamundi Siri Chamundi' published in 1992. The play was broadcast on Akashvani during Dasara the following year.Speaking about the alleged plagiarism, Rajashekar said: \"The play is a complete imitation of my book. From dialogues to scenes, everything has been copied.\"The writer had published a folk collection 'Bettada Chamundi' in 1971 before making it a book in the form of a folk story following a friend's request to write 'Shringara Janapada Kriti'.The author claims that he had created new characters in the play 'Chama Chaluve'. Mandya Ramesh and playwright Sujatha Akki are the director and writer of 'Chama Chaluve', respectively.Rajashekhar said if the playwright has written about the folk culture, then characters like Hiridevate, Dhoomadoota and Adishesha should not have appeared in the play. \"They are my creation, and they don't appear in the folk story,\" he claimed.Songs 'Olidu baramma olidu baare' and 'Matanado shambu' used in the play are from his collection, while 'Kaniyaama' song is his composition, he claimed, and added: \"Many of my friends, after watching the play, told me that it is a copy of my book. I was shocked when I saw the play three days ago.\"According to Rajashekhar, the dialogue 'ado nodalli cheluvina chelumeyantiru chengallwa bhoomiyannu nodu' has been copied from the book. \"I had used the words 'chengallwara bhoomi' to express love towards my birthplace, which does not appear in folk songs and stories,\" he said.The play must not be staged until its director (Mandya Ramesh) gives credit to my book 'Chamundi Siri Chamundi', he said, adding that he will initiate legal action to ensure that.Write quote I have gone through folk books and listened to folk songs related to 'Chamundeshwari' and my house maid had also told me some stories. The allegation against me is false. I have not copied the story from any bookWrite quote If I like a story of a writer, I would certainly wish to direct it. Even 'Chama Chaluve' happened the same way. I'm in no way related to the controversy. I respect both writers, and they have to solve it among themselves. This must not affect the staging of the play", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974268", "title": "Priest kills self in Malad temple", "text": "MUMBAI: A 33-year-old priest ended his life by hanging inside a temple in Malad (W) on Friday morning. Swami Nitya Swaroop Das left behind a suicide note in which he stated that god had called him and nobody should be held responsible for his death.The incident took place at the Swami Narayan temple on Zakaria Road. Around 8am, locals glanced through an open window of the temple and were shocked to see Das hanging. The police was informed immediately. \"The doors to the temple were locked from inside. We had to break open the back door to gain entry. We brought down Das' body. Doctors later declared him dead,\" said a local.Das used a nylon rope to hang himself in front of the sanctum sanctorum. The suicide note read, \"My life's tenure is over, I'm tired. God is calling me. I'm going to god. Nobody should be held responsible for my death. My funeral should be carried out at Malad.\"The police retrieved Rs 14,950 and a diary from Das's cupboard. The handwriting in the diary matched with the one on the suicide note. The cops also informed Das's family in Gujarat . A case of accidental death has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16974108", "title": "Labourer killed in hit-and-run", "text": "VASCO: A labourer was hit by an unknown vehicle on National Highway 17-A on Friday morning and killed.Verna police said, \"The incident occurred early in morning when the victim was walking on the road.\"At about 9am, Verna police was alerted to a dead body lying in a pool of blood on the side of the road near the Toyota showroom at Verna. The police reached the site and did the panchanama.Verna PI Rajesh Kumar said, \"While conducting the panchanama we noticed that there were skid marks on the road. It is suspected to be a four-wheeler.\" The accused fled from the scene and the man died on the spot. Verna police is investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978295", "title": "Will SRK's Jab Tak Hai Jaan reach 200 crore mark?", "text": "This 'don' of the industry truly needs no introduction. Just before his 47th birthday we ask astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi what's in store for the charismatic Shahrukh Khan .\"Shahrukh Khan was born on November 2, 1965 which makes him a Number 2 (Moon) person in numerology. Since he is ruled by Number 2, he is automatically ruled by Number 7 (Ketu) since both these numbers always go hand in hand. His sun sign is a Scorpio (ruler Mars - Number 9) and his destiny number adds up to Number 7 (Ketu). So, once again he is ruled by Number 2 which means, he is ruled by the most creative planets Moon and Ketu twice. Too good!\" explains Bhavikk.\"Being a Number 2, SRK is extremely caring, loving, sensitive, moody, creative and takes decisions from the heart. Also he is a workaholic due to the Mars effect and does not like to rest or take breaks between his work. That is a good quality but also a bad one as this could lead to health complications. He is not lucky in legal matters and so should stay far away from any unnecessary controversies, gossip etc. Most importantly, he should stop trusting everybody around him and should only do work or act in what he feels is most correct for him. Also he should also make sure that he does not reveal his plans way too early as chances of getting hit by negativity are far too many\".\"Wearing a Cat's Eye above 4 carats set in silver on his smallest finger on a Thursday midnight shall do the trick\", recommends Bhavikk very strongly.\"SRK will now enter the 48th year of his life which indicates an excellent phase for him in the times ahead. His most awaited release Jab Tak Hai Jaan helmed by none other than the late Yash Chopra will break all previous box office records and set new ones. Move over the '100 crore club', after Aamir ( 3 Idiots ) and Salman ( Ek Tha Tiger ), this could be SRK's '200 crore club' film or at least close to that\", predicts Bhavikk will full confidence.\"Besides commercial success, this film will add to his tally of awards won so far and also rewards - both from the aam junta and critics alike. After that, his next releases Chennai Express and Happy New Year in 2013 will also do roaring business\", he adds further.\"There will be happier times on the personal front (financially and family life) as well and his IPL cricket winning team Kolkata Knight Riders' performance in the next season would also be encouraging\", signs off Bhavikk on a positive note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16977574", "title": "Channels say no to adult films", "text": "In a fresh blow to filmmakers, four major broadcasters have decided not to purchase 'A' rated films. Not even if the producers in question or the censors clip the objectionable portions and hand them a modified version to be broadcast.What has precipitated this decision is the fact that advertisement revenues of satellite channels have fallen considerably in the past whenever they have telecast 'A' films. Reason being these flicks have to be aired post 11pm.And it doesn't end there. The broadcasters have made it crystal clear to producers that in the event they purchase a film well before its release and it then gets rated A a week or two before hitting theatres, they will be left with no option but to terminate the contract.Confirming the development, Jayantilal Gada, CMD of PEN India, the acquisition agency for Zee TV, told TOI \"We have decided we will not buy an A' film. We hardly bought any films in the past that were unfit for family viewing. Zee TV is a family channel and it has decided to remain so always.Besides, why indulge in investment where neither the returns nor the viewership is according to expectations?\"The film industry was in for a rude shock on Thursday when Sony Entertainment Television, which has been a lead player in broadcasting films with 'controversial' content, categorically told some filmmakers about the channel's new policy. Mahesh Bhatt told TOI, \"A very highly placed representative of Sony told me they had taken a decision they would not buy films that get an A certificate from the Censor Board. She said even those films that are modified to a U/A rating for TV viewing will not qualify.\"While Sneha Rajani, Sr Executive VP and Business Head from Sony refused to revert to our calls and text messages, another producer on the request of anonymity said, \"Some channels have taken a big beating for airing sexladen movies. They are answerable to their audience which is why this drastic decision.\"Said Bhatt, \"This will create chaos in the film industry. Makers will have to do a rethink on content.\" Said Hemal Jhaveri, Executive VP and GM - STAR Gold and Movies OK, \"We are not buying A films.\"On September 21, 2012,TOI had reported how the recent spate of big productions failing to meet box office expectations ( Don 2 , Agent Vinod , Mausam ) had forced broadcasters to change their mind. At the time, a majority of them had already decided to buy a film's satellite screening rights only after the audience had decided its fate on a Friday. As such, filmmakers were already under the stress of having to prove their mettle at the box office before demanding their share of the pie from satellite channel owners when this fresh trouble has now hit them, TOI had also confirmed that even Colors had taken a similar decision", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jaipur ", "code": "16975593", "title": "Rathore may not surrender immediately without appeal in SC", "text": "JAIPUR : Justice Ajay Rastogi's judgment on Friday requiring Rajendra Singh Rathore to surrender has left the BJP leader and his team of lawyers stunned and they have huddled together speculating on the word \"forthwith\" used by the court while asking Rathore to surrender.Special public prosecutor for CBI, T P Sharma, said Rathore should surrender in court by Monday but the Rathore camp seems to be in no mood to accept the interpretation of \"forthwith\" to mean immediately without availing a statutory period of appeal.Justice Rastogi in his order has observed, \"Impugned order of dishcrage dated May 31, 2012 passed by learned Sessions Judge is accordingly quashed and set aside. Rajendra Rathore shall surrender, himself, forthwith before the learned trial court, failing which concerned police authorities and the trial court are directed to take necessary steps to arrest Rathore.\"As per the provision made in the Limitation Act, 1963 Rathore has 90-day time to refer to a special leave petition before the Supreme Court as such Rathore is free not to surrender himself before the trial court during the period of statutory appeal provided he makes an immediate appeal an obtains a stay on the operation of the order of Justice Rastogi.\"No court order can wipe out the statutory limitation fixed for appeal. We have a limitation period of 90 days during which Rathore may not surrender,\" Rathore's counsel Ajay Kumar Jain said.In the meantime, senior criminal lawyer A K Gupta said the order is not in consonance of law to the extent that the high court has taken up the jurisdiction of a session court while specifying sections of the IPC in which Rathore is required to be booked. \"The high court has got no authority to ask the trial court to frame charges against Rathore in specified sections namely 120-B, 302, 364, 346, 201 and 218 of the IPC leaving no job with the trial court to frame charges in this way. The order is liable to be put to appeal,\" Gupta said.While talking to TOI, Gupta further said as per the requirement of law, the case diary and the entire record of the trial court should have been with the revisional court till the case is disposed of. \"But in the present case, the record was sent back and the court has made several comments on the evidence whereas the fact remained that the court has no occasion to scan the record as such the order is fit to be put to appeal.\"When contacted Rathore made it clear that he will file an appeal before the Supreme Court against the HC judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16975431", "title": "Andhra Pradesh varsities for common schedule", "text": "HYDERABAD: State universities could have a synchronized academic calendar from next year onwards. The matter was discussed at a meeting of vice-chancellors of 23 state universities at an event organised by Osmania University (OU).As per the minutes of the meeting, starting from the next academic year, admission to undergraduate and postgraduate courses could kick-off simultaneously in all state universities.The officials said that admissions to UG courses will be held in April-May every year and PG admissions will open in July. Classes for the first semester for UG and PG courses will start on June 1 and August 1 respectively. The universities have decided to get a 12-member committee with representatives from all universities to chalk out a common academic calendar for admissions, exams and announcement of results.The exams and results, too, will be announced simultaneously, officials said. The meeting was held on the sidelines of the 8th International Conference of Public Administration.The officials have also decided to conduct examinations using a common question bank. The bank is expected to even out most of the evaluation differences in universities from different regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16979751", "title": "\u2018The tab is on you and me\u2019", "text": "Blame it on increasing financial pressures, but a new survey has revealed that most men \u2014 about 51% \u2014 expect their female partners to split the bill on first date. We ask women if they are ready to go dutch.With recession hitting us hard, should women pitch in, go dutch and split the bill on a first date? That's the question we posed to a group of women, in response to a recent survey, which revealed that most men would now ask for a contribution from their female partner on a first date. According to the poll, just under one third of the men said they would still pay for a first meeting. The remaining one in five said they would be happy to pay for parts of the night, such as a round of drinks, but would not be willing to cover the whole evening. Around five per cent of those quizzed said they would be happy to reverse roles and allow their female companion to fund their evening. Increasing financial pressures was cited as the number one reason behind the decision. However, many of those polled stated that they felt it was unfair, or even a little embarrassing to pay for the date. Interestingly, if things were going badly, a vast majority of those polled (91%) said they would be willing to cut their losses and leave early to save cash. So, are women ready to go dutch on the first date?First date tab should be his/hers or both? Jennifer Shroff, an advertising professional, says, \"While I think there is nothing wrong in splitting the bill on the first date, I think it's just more romantic for a man to pay. Maybe I'm old-fashioned, but I wouldn't go on a second date with a man who can't even serenade me at the beginning of a relationship. It's just a nice gesture and a gentlemanly thing to do, and makes a woman feel special.\" Sania Rao, a travel executive, adds, \"I think the man should foot the bill for the first few dates. If he wants to enjoy my company, he might as well be ready to foot the bill to entertain me. Once we start going out together more often, it makes sense to go dutch.\" Anju Seth, a media executive, adds, \"Men should pick up the tab on the first date. Period. There's no escaping that. I consider this manners, not the almost extinct chivalry. I mean, one should be capable of buying dinner/meal for your date. Make it a coffee date if you're low on funds, or else, don't ask someone out for a date. After the first date, if the remaining ones are mutually decided, then it's alright to go dutch.\" However, not everyone agrees, Jennifer Dias, a media executive, says, \"I see nothing wrong with going dutch on the first date. Considering how expensive eating out can be these days, it makes sense for women to pitch in and not depend on the guy alone to pick up the tab. You can't expect to be treated like an equal in some quarters and use chivalry as an excuse to bail out when it is convenient.\"Expert advice Varkha Chulani, clinical psychologist and psychotherapist, says, \"Well, since the roles between the sexes is becoming fuzzy, there is a change in stereotypical dating norms. Now, with working mothers and stay-at-home dads becoming more common, there is a shift in mindset that the woman, too, is capable of paying for herself. In a way, the woman's mindset, too, is altering. Because materialistic matters have become a way of expressing independence, the woman, too, doesn't mind paying for herself or going Dutch on dates. To a romantic person, this a big no-no. However, to the more pragmatic, it's a way of life. There are no rights or wrongs, it's what you expect out of romance \u2014 how you define what your man should be like, what your views about courting and dating are. Many women still expect a man to open doors, pay the tab, bring the chocolates and flowers. And if they meet a man who insists that they share the bill on the first date, the relationship won't go too far. In India, the attitude that men are the breadwinners rests with the majority. So, it may work better abroad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16974070", "title": "Congress seeks probe into RSS-Gadkari nexus", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) president Manikrao Thakre on Friday said it was time to unravel possible financial dealings between BJP president Nitin Gadkari and the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) which had backed him all through his ascendancy as the saffron party chief.Talking to TOI during his brief halt in the city on way to Mumbai from Yavatmal, Thakre said, \"Now that Gadkari's links with contractors and how they invested money in his company to return favours for the toll contracts they bagged during his term as PWD minister are out in the open. It will be interesting to find out if the RSS was also a beneficiary of Gadkari's largesse.\"I have in the past raised the demand to investigate sources of the RSS funding. The Sangh has always claimed that it collects donations through undisclosed 'guru dakshina' collected at 'shakhas.' But it is unlikely that ordinary swayamsevaks can pay huge sums to the RSS and there must be big donors. Such donors need to be identified,\" said Thakre.He alleged that during the last three years, the RSS has invested heavily in building construction work on its premises in Nagpur. \"It is likely that this investment was a spin-off of the Gadkari-contractor nexus,\" said Thakre, stressing the need for a thorough probe into the matter.He said that as per reports in the media, the contractors who got toll collection work during Gadkari's regime as PWD minister had made investments to the tune of hundreds of crores in Purti sugar factory run by the BJP president. Thakre also alleged that Gadkari's Purti Group had managed to acquire defunct sugar mills in Vidarbha at dirt cheap valuations thanks to some helpful politicians who controlled banks with which the defunct mills' assets were mortgaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973956", "title": "PMC in a fix on reporting NS1 dengue cases", "text": "PUNE: The 'NS1 antigen' test, done during the first four days of illness, has increased the recorded dengue cases this year and is giving sleepless nights to the health officials of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Till last year, the health department would take into account only dengue antibody positive cases as confirmed cases of dengue. However, this year, the civic body has started recording dengue antigen positive cases from private hospitals as well. This, apparently, shows a phenomenal rise in the number of recorded number of cases.Dengue antibody test is carried out almost a week after developing illness to confirm infection.Between October 5 and October 21, a total of 119 people underwent antigen and antibody tests for dengue infection in Pune. Of this, 61 people were found NS1 antigen positive.Officials have now sought guidance from higher state health authorities on whether to report dengue antigen positive cases or not as the test's sensitivity and specificity, they claim, is dubious and can lead to recording of false negative or false positive cases. Doctors, however, say that NS1 antigen positive is the confirmed dengue case and should be taken into account.\"Till last year, we were reporting only those dengue cases which were confirmed by the National Institute of Virology (NIV). Now, since we have started recording the antigen positive cases as dengue cases, we have sought guidance from state health officials whether to report those cases to them or not as they usually consider only dengue antibody - Igm and IgG - as positive cases,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health (MoH), PMC, adding, \"the NS1 dengue antigen test is not fully reliable as it has low sensitivity and specificity.\"However, doctors in the city are unanimous in their opinion to consider NS1 antigen positive as dengue positive case.R B Kulkarni, senior physician with Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital, said, \"NSI antigen test is advised in the first four days of illness. The test is definitely reliable. Since it makes early detection of dengue possible, a person who is NS1 positive should be considered as a confirmed case of dengue.\"Sharing the view , pathologist Avanti Golwilkar-Mehendale of Golwilkar Metropolis Laboratory said, \"Since the NS1 antigen test uses Elisa technique, the specificity and sensitivity is not at all low. It is a reliable test and a person detected with NS1 antigen positive should be considered a confirmed dengue case.\"When contacted, V D Khanande, joint director, state health department, said, \"There is no denying that NS1 antigen tests are low in specificity and sensitivity which would show false positive and false negative dengue cases. But, if the clinical picture or symptoms of dengue fever match with the test report, then such cases, even if it is an NS1 antigen positive case, can be confirmed as dengue case and be duly reported.\"The NS1 antigen is present at high concentrations in the sera of dengue virus infected patients during the early clinical phase of the disease so it is used as a suitable marker of the dengue virus infection.\"Early detection of dengue infection can go a really long way in avoiding severe complications that the dreaded fever is known to cause. The antibodies that develop due to the infection appear five or more days after fever. For facilitating an early detection in dengue treatment, dengue NS1 antigen test is carried out and it is reliable,\" said another doctor.Early detection allows for a prompt treatment of the patient diagnosed with dengue. Early diagnosis also prevents needless investigations and treatment, he added.About 40 nations have adopted NS1 antigen test. In India, this test was first conducted in 2010 in a Mumbai hospital.BOXAdvantages of NS1 Antigen Test* NS1 (nonstructural protein 1) antigen test allows rapid detection during the first four days of the onset of illness, even before the antibodies appear some 5 or more days later* Antigens are substances that provoke an immune response. Antibodies are simply proteins secreted as a result of the antigen-provoked immune response. In short, antigens cause the disease and antibodies cure it* The sensitivity of antibody test does not become acceptable until five days after the onset of fever* The use of NS1 detection as a first-line test for the diagnosis of acute dengue infection, using serum samples collected during the onset of clinical symptoms (day 0 to day 4), help to accelerate the diagnosis of dengue fever(Source: Centre for Disease Control, Atlanta)Eom/umesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16974015", "title": "Thousands lose in another ponzi scam", "text": "NAGPUR: Yet another investors' scam has surfaced in the city. Hundreds of citizens, including many railway employees, have lost thousands of rupees in the scheme run by TVI Express aka Travel Ventures International, a network marketing direct selling company. The scam runs well into crores with over 10,000 falling prey.The scam also exposes links of some Central Railway officials who played a key role in developing a chain of investor-employees using their influence. The employees who invested failed to get returns over the year as promised and now want their money back. Those who lost money also include South-East Central Railway (SECR) employees.The TVI Express network was not about selling any product but selling discount travel club membership. It offered four-day and three nights stay at five-star hotels all over India. It is actually a ponzi scheme where one qualifies for bigger rewards by recruiting at least two people. The Cyprus-based network's India number was not reachable.\"By paying Rs 15,500 to the railway officer, who was an up line distributor, we were told to make two members to get back Rs 31,000 immediately. Even after making two members, the promised amount was not credited to our accounts. We feel cheated as to get back Rs 31,000, at least 14 members need to be made down the line, which is impossible,\" complained Sushma Sutaria (name changed) and others from Central Railway, who are victims of TVI scheme.\"Two years ago, I invested Rs 45,000 but I could not get the promised Rs 31,000. The networking scheme was totally operated by three-upline distributors, all Central Railway employees. They used their influence to make us members. We paid cash and were told that even if we failed to make a single member, we would get back our Rs 15,500 or at least Rs 12,000,\" said another employee.When employees and people in general raised questions they were silenced by showing how promoters bought cars and flats through commission money. \"At monthly functions held at Ambedkar Bhavan off Wardha Road, investors were lured with several promises that were never fulfilled,\" said some women investors. Many among the group of 52 investors even borrowed money and mortgaged gold jewellery in the hope of getting good returns.\"My dreams have been shattered. My son is suffering from sickle cell. I badly need money which I don't have. I mortgaged my jewellery to become member,\" said Rupali Borse, a victim. On October 8, a group of aggrieved women investors even tried to take on movement inspector Komal Gajbhiye at Central Railway who, along with his wife and daughter, was instrumental in recruiting investors. However, they were threatened by Gajbhiye and told to leave the office.Affected CR employees said around 200 station masters and pointsmen from Ajni yard and equal number of other staff from other departments were made members. The entire business, it is learnt, is controlled by a few employees in DRM's office.Gajbhiye admitted to TOI he had promoted the scheme for a year and made 7-8 members. \"When I realized that the business would affect my career, my daughter and wife took over,\" he said. He also admitted to have recruited movement inspectors Deepak Soni and PD Raut as members. Gajbhiye denied that he bought a Honda City car and a flat through commission money.\"I had obtained a loan,\" he added. However, the victims said they were shown car keys and told at investor meets how Gajbhiye had earned huge commissions. Borse says Gajbhiye is lying. \"He told us in investor meetings that he bought car with commission money. The members at the top of the pyramid reaped benefit through members made by us,\" she said.Gajbhiye claimed it was propaganda by employees jealous of him. \"I cannot be held responsible for failure by employees who did not complete the chain,\" he said. Soni too admitted to have made 7-8 members. \"We basically marketed a tour and travels package for a period of one year.\"One of the key members of Soni's chain was Smriti Dayani with the signalling and telecommunication department. She was not available for comments. All key members lured employees to become members and did not inform the office about their private business.Railway Service Conduct Rules do not permit employees to indulge in such business. They are also not supposed to use their influence even if such business is done by their family members.\"I was made a member unwillingly. If TVI Express sells membership, and rewards members who sell more memberships, that makes it ponzi scheme, especially when the membership has little or no benefit,\" said a commercial department staffer.The investors are scared to file an FIR against those who lured them. Many members feel it is better if they could recover their money amicably. That seems a remote possibility now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16975437", "title": "Odisha to raise Polavaram issue at NWRC meet", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Opposing the multi-purpose Polavaram project in neighbouring Andhra Pradesh, Odisha government on Friday said it would raise the issue at the National Water Resources Council ( NWRC) meeting slated to be held in Delhi on October 30.\"We will take up Polavaram issue at the meeting convened by the Prime Minister,\" chief minister Naveen Patnaik said before leaving on a six-day visit to New Delhi.Stating that the PM Manmohan Singh has convened a meeting of chief ministers of various states, Patnaik said he would attend the convention and put forth issues relating to the state. Besides the PM, union water resources minister, AP chief minister and others are likely to attend the meeting on October 30.Patnaik said the state government has been opposing the proposed Polavaram project for a long time. Besides writing several letters to the Prime Minister, the state government had filed two cases in the Supreme Court seeking a halt to construction works of the project.Claiming that vast areas in Odisha's Malkangiri would be submerged with operation of the proposed project over river Godavari, the state government alleged that its views were not taken into consideration before Andhra Pradesh government began construction work of the project. Also, the project developers did not conduct public hearing, violating the stipulated norms, claimed the state government that had rejected Andhra Pradesh's offer of constructing a protection wall in the river on Odisha's side. \"The state government has asked Andhra Pradesh to provide data on design and possible impact of the project on tribals, of Malkangiri, said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16973908", "title": "Amravati-Narkhed line reopens from October 29", "text": "NAGPUR: After a major derailment of goods train on newly commissioned Amravati-Narkhed railway line last month, the line is once again being reopened for traffic for passenger trains from October 29.According to P D Patil, Central Railway PRO, the weekly special trains between Indore and Yeshwantpur will run via newly constructed section.The weekly special train will leave Indore at 8.55 pm every Sunday from October 28 to December 23. It will make 9 trips. The train will reach Yashwantpur at 11.15 am on Tuesday. Patil said it will leave Betul at 5.30 am, Narkhed at 7.25 am, Chandur Bazaar at 9.30 am and Amravati at 10.10 am every Monday.Similarly, Yashwantpur-Indore special will leave Yashwantpur at 1.20 pm every Tuesday from October 30 to December 25. It will reach Indore at 5 am on Thursday. It will leave Amravati at 3.25 pm, Chandur Bazaar at 4.05 pm, Narkhed at 5.40 pm and Betul at 7.22 pm every Wednesday from October 31.The special will halt at Dewas, Ujjain, Maksi, Berchha, Shujalpur, Bajragarh, Bhopal , Habibganj, Itarsi, Betul, Narkhed, Chandur Bazaar, Amravati, Akola, Hingoli, Purna, Nanded, Mudkhed, Nizamabad, Kamareddi, Malkaigiri, Kacheguda, Mahabubnagar, Gadwal, Karnool, Gooty, Dharmavaram and Yelahanka.This special will run with 14 coaches including one AC-2 tier, four AC-3 tier, seven sleeper, and two general second class cum guard's brake vans. Booking for the train has already started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975721", "title": "He had no sorrow, except for once: Secy", "text": "KOLKATA: \"Dada would never bow his head or join his hands in prayer at any temple but Boudi is a devout Hindu. Not a day goes by without her offering prayers to the household deities. But this never led to any tension. Dada never tried to impose his views on others. Even recently, on our way back from Santiniketan, Boudi got off to pray at a temple but Dada stayed in the car,\" said Dhananjoy Boyra, private secretary to Sunil Gangopadhyay.A day after his last rites, Gangopadhyay's wife Swati sat distraught at their residence near Gariahat. She, along with son Souvik, had patiently met visitors who poured in to offer their condolences since morning. Swati was yet to fully come to terms with the fact that Gangopadhyay was no more, but in her mind she was aware that some who had visited her late husband at home and partaken of his hospitality did so for their own benefit. Her patience finally gave way in the afternoon.\"I am not like my husband. The least people can do is give a call before turning up. They should at least leave me to myself between 1 pm and 5 pm. Nobody realises that I haven't even had the opportunity to pray for days,\" she said, tears welling up in her eyes.Boyra has been with the Gangopadhyays for nearly 35 years. Originally from West Midnapore, he was barely 12 when a relative brought him to the writer's house. Initially, he was a playmate of Souvik's and later tried his hand at household chores. As a young man, Gangopadhyay started treating him as a secretary and confidante. Boyra would even manage the late author's finances.\"I have met many great people over the years. People like Samaresh Basu, Sagarmoy Ghosh, Gour Kishore Ghosh, Buddhadeb Guha, Santosh Kumar Ghosh, Shakti Chattopadhyay, Dibendu Palit, Mahasweta Devi , Niren Chakraborty and Sandipan Chattopadhyay would drop by on Sundays. To me, Dada was like God. I started off with a salary of Rs 50 in 1977. Every year, there would be an increment. I never even had to ask for it. Later, he got me a plot at Bosepukur and even built me a house there. Boudi got me married,\" Boyra said, fighting back tears.Such was the bond between the Gangopadhyays and him that they couldn't tolerate any discomfort he faced. \"Dada had got me a job at a printing press once. I used to work till late and return home covered in ink. Dada and Boudi would have none of this. They got me to quit. There have been many incidents like this. When Puplu (Souvik) was a child, we would stay back at home while Dada and Boudi went to parties. Those were the infamous days of the power cuts. When they returned, the lifts wouldn't work and Dada refused to climb the stairs to the ninth floor. He would simply sprawl out on a bench downstairs. Many a time, the security guards have returned his wristwatch in the morning. Dada was like that. He would give away his things and money. Sometimes, even Boudi wasn't aware of it,\" Boyra said.The moment of pride came in Boyra's life when Gangopadhyay had a knee surgery. There was need for blood and many people queued up but their blood groups wouldn't match. Finally, Boyra got his blood group tested and it was a perfect match. \"I was the proudest man that day,\" he reminisced.Boyra knew Gangopadhyay's likes and dislikes to the hilt. \"I had learnt to cook his favourite food from his mother. I learnt to prepare mochar ghonto, boal machher chorchora and other items. He loved begun bhaja and begun pora. Food for him would start with something bitter like karela fry and end with something sour like plain curd. He would get up in the morning, have tea, read the newspapers, have breakfast and then start writing. Initially, he would write while lying propped up on one elbow on his bed. Later, he used a writing table. He would leave for office around 2.30 pm and sometimes return with the likes of Gour Kishore Ghosh in the evening. Only before the Pujas would he write till late in the night to maintain the deadlines,\" the secretary added. Till about five years ago, Gangopadhyay would go to Gariahat Market regularly. Boyra would accompany him and watch people nudging each other and pointing at the author. He also kept a watch on the goings-on at Krittibas and was the one to hand over the first copy of every edition to Gangopadhyay.\"He would never get angry at anybody. He had no sorrow. Only once, when his son left for Boston , did I notice some grief on his and Boudi's faces. He would never call anybody 'tui', not even his son. This has left a lasting influence on me. I even call my daughters 'tumi',\" Boyra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16974444", "title": "Not a political statement: Ferrari", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The object of everyone's attention on Friday in the paddock was on the little flag on the Scuderia cars. The Maranello-based team, which has been involved with Formula One since 1950, was adamant on Friday that the action was \"not a political statement\".\"There is not any political intent or discussion - that is what is written,\" Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali said referring to the statement on its website a couple of days ago.Meanwhile, Vicky Chandhok, president of the Federation of Motor Sports Council of India, said: \"We're governed by very strict regulations which state that no motorsports platform can be used to spread any political or religious message. We've seen the flag and do not see any problem with it. Ferrari understands the rules as well as we do and all they hope for is a speedy resolution.\"Times ViewFerrari's decision to use the Italian navy's insignia on its cars during practice may understandably incense many people in India, but the government would have done better not to wade into the controversy. The gesture may be in bad taste and construed as abusing India's hospitality, but how does that make it a diplomatic incident? Ferrari is not a representative of the government of Italy. If Formula One's rules prohibit participants from using the platform of the sport to espouse political causes, it is for the sport's administrators to take a call on whether this constitutes a violation of those rules in letter or spirit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16975585", "title": "Tiger T-24's movements observed closely", "text": "JAIPUR: Dominant male tiger T-24 continued to surprise with its behaviour a day after killing assistant forest officer Gheesu Singh at the Ranthambhore National Park. The tiger went for a long walk and even jumped outside the forest boundary wall walking up to the Nahargarh Palace hotel before returning to the park once again.The tiger's movements are being closely monitored by special teams set up by the forest department after Gheesu Singh on Thursday was dragged by his neck by the tiger from among a group of labourers in the Kala Peela Pani area. The official was dragged for about 25 metres into the woods when the search party found the body and resorted to bursting crackers forcing the tiger to let go of the body.\"The tiger walked up to Singhdwar from its area and then went up to the booking tent. From there he took a left turn and walked through the forest to a point from where it jumped across the boundary wall, crossed the road and walked up to the Nahargarh Palace hotel. From there it re-entered the forest,\" revealed Bina Kak, minister, forest and tourism.Incidentally, the booking tent is at a point from where tourists enter the forest and hundreds of pilgrims go to Ganesh temple and the fort. Sources revealed that the area taken by T-24 is a part of its territory. \"In fact, the first victim of T-24, 23-year-old Ghamandi Lal Saini, was killed by it somewhere from where the tiger on Friday jumped across the wall. His next victim 19-year-old Ashfaq Ahmed was also attacked and killed somewhere along the way where he went today,\" the source said.It is with this in mind that the forest department has closed route number 1 and another route nearby so that further confrontation can be avoided. \"But it is too early to predict that something is wrong with the tiger. We are in consultation with experts from the Wildlife Institute of India and some local people. The area is also being patrolled. Putting the tiger within bars is not a healthy suggestion,'' said A Choubey, chief wildlife warden, Rajasthan.However, this may eventually be resorted to what with many conservationists strongly advocating against tiger T-24 being allowed to roam freely in the park. Kak has also initiated the process of relocating at least two more tigers from the park to Sariska besides strengthening corridors between Ranthambhore, the adjoining Sawai Man Singh Sanctuary and the Kailadevi sanctuary to create more space for existing tigers in Ranthambhore so that they stop going outside.\"I will ask the principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) to form an expert committee soon for identifying tigers that can be picked up for relocation to Sariska. The committee may comprise experts chosen from anywhere but they should be able to justify the relocation. It is just not tiger T-24 but also tigress Bina1 that has been straying out of the forest and it is better for some of them to go away so as to create more space for others. But the choice as to which ones go has to be made by this committee,\" Kak added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16976578", "title": "Better take caution to keep dengue at bay", "text": "PATNA: Changing weather and unclean city are invitations to 'break bone' fever - dengue. Due to ignorance at the initial stage, people fail to differentiate between seasonal fever and dengue fever , which can be life threatening.Dr DK Srivastava, a physician, explaining the major difference between the two fevers told TOI, \"In dengue, fever is very high with rigor, severe headache, body ache and joints ache, nausea, vomiting and reddish eruptions over skin while in flu there is mild body and headache. On getting the initial signs of dengue, patients must be taken for ELISA test available at PMCH and most of the big diagnostic centres here.\"Ignoring initial symptoms can lead to dengue haemorrhagic fever (DHF), which is an alarming condition. Its symptoms include blackish blood stool, internal haemorrhage, gum and nose bleeding, decrease of blood pressure and sudden fall in platelets count. In a normal person, the platelets count is above 1.5 lakh per cubic millimetre but in patients suffering from DHF, it falls below 50,000 per cubic millimetre.Heavy loss of platelets can lead to coagulation defect (blood clotting ceases). \"If the pulse rate of a patient reaches around 120 per minute, it is an alarming condition. While the BP of DHF patients' can fall up to 80-40,\" said Dr Diwakar Tejaswi, a physician, adding, \"Cardiac patients who take regular aspirin should stop its intake during the period they are suffering from dengue as this can lead to heavy bleeding.\"\"Normal dengue persists for around 10 to 15 days, while DHF can take a month to heal and its mortality rate is very high since there is no specific treatment for dengue, only symptomatic treatment is done by correcting the platelets and electrolyte imbalance. Paracetamol is the safest medicine for dengue patient in the initial stage,\" said Dr Tejaswi.\"Prevention is the only option to fight the disease,\" said Dr Akhilanand Thakur, paediatrician, adding, \"Dengue affects people of all age groups, but kids are more vulnerable due to their soft skin. As a major precaution against dengue, avoid stagnant water or put some drops of either petrol or kerosene oil into it. Dengue mosquito attacks during daytime and malaria mosquito during night, so wear full clothes all through the day and use mosquito net and mosquito repellents,\" he said.To balance the electrolyte loss, intravenous fluid should be given to the patient immediately and if the platelets count starts decreasing, which is a symptom of DHF, platelets should be transfused. The blood banks of Jaya Prabha Hospital, Mahavir Cancer Sansthan and Patna Medical Colleges and Hospital are the only three blood banks in the city that have proper machines to make platelets (to separate platelets from blood).\"Since the shelf life of platelets is only four days, any family that has a dengue-affected patient should arrange people with the same blood groups beforehand to avoid last-minute rush as platelets making takes about 24 hours,\" said Dr Subodh Sinha, head, blood bank, Mahavir Cancer Sansthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16975924", "title": "Prince Charles, wife in Bangalore for holistic healing", "text": "BANGALORE: Endorsing Bangalore's credentials as a major global healthcare hub, British royal couple Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall arrive here Saturday for a week-long holistic healing session.They'll check into Dr Issac Mathai' s Soukya Holistic Health Centre in Whitefield. Soukya practises different systems of medicine like ayurveda, naturopathy, homoeopathy, yoga and other therapies on a 30-acre organic farm. The couple will undergo several ayurveda and naturopathy procedures like yoga, mud therapy and hydro-therapy and will be on a South Indian vegetarian organic diet.A presidential suite has been readied for them. Dr Mathai has been a health adviser for the royal family for the past two years. A Scotland Yard team came to Bangalore last week for a recce as part of security preparations.The Duchess came to Whitefield in September 2010 for rejuvenation when Prince Charles was in India to inaugurate the Commonwealth Games . Soukya is a global model for holistic and integrated medicine where guests and patients from over 70 countries come for treatment.The royals' association with integrated medicine and Bangalore began after Prince Charles, as founder of the Royal College of Integrated Medicine, London , met Dr Mathai last year to collaborate with Soukya. The collaboration included clinical training to European and Western doctors in ayurveda and homoeopathy and traditional forms of medicine to integrate them in their practice.The foundation stone for the extended campus of the Royal College known as the International Institution for Holistic and Integrated Medicine was laid by Dr Michael Dixon in 2011 in collaboration with the Royal College of Medicine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16973857", "title": "Captured leopard released in jungle", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The two-year-old leopard caged at Mana Tekdi on the outskirts of the town on Thursday evening was released at an undisclosed location in forest on Friday morning. Veterinary doctor PD Kadukar carried out physical examination of the trapped leopard in the night and declared it fit for release. The release operation was carried out under the supervision of probationary IFS officer Ninu Somraj and honorary wildlife warden Bandu Dhotre.Alarmed by two incidents of leopard intrusion into Chandrapur town, forest department had installed four cages to trap the troublesome leopardess responsible for six human attacks. Instead a sub-adult leopard got trapped in the cage on Thursday evening.Forest officers suspect that trapped leopard could be one of the two cubs which separated from the leopardess after attending maturity. \"Although cages would be removed from the area but our vigil will continue. We will monitor the area of any other leopard. If evidence of presence of more leopard surfaces, cages will be put once again,\" said DCF, Chandrapur Forest Division, P Kalyankumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16975687", "title": "2 Jaipur-based jewellers held over unaccounted jewellery", "text": "JAIPUR: Sleuths of the Income Tax department detained two Jaipur-based jewellers on Friday for carrying unaccounted jewellery estimated to be worth Rs 20 lakh from Jammu. Both the jewellers had gone to Jammu for a jewelry exhibition and had boarded a flight to Jaipur at 6 pm.The department officials sprung into action after receiving a tip-off from the Jammu officials. \"We were informed that two people have boarded the Jaipur-bound Spice Jet flight from Jammu carrying 1 kg of gold and 3 kg of silver ornaments. Based on the information, our official took action and detained them for enquiry,\" said Sunil Mathur, director (investigations).However, the investigation officers maintained that if the jewellers would furnish details of the ornaments, they will be set free. But in case of contradictions or undisclosed income, proper action will be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16974158", "title": "Soon, doorstep waste collection in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: Margao municipal council (MMC) will introduce door-to-door waste collection and hotel waste collection services in a professional manner, once the solid waste management plant at Sonsoddo gets functional. MMC has already set a fresh deadline of December 15, for the plant's commissioning.\"We have started the spadework for setting up the systems for door-to-door garbage collection and hotel waste collection. These two exercises are part of backward integration of the garbage treatment plant project. I have already given instructions to the sanitary department to collect necessary data and work out plans for the purpose,\" MMC chief officer Srinet Kothwale said.Currently, though MMC is carrying out collection of door-to-door garbage and hotel waste exercise on an experimental basis, the system lies in tatters. In the absence of an adequate workforce and a systematic approach, both tasks are being carried out in a haphazard manner. MMC now plans to tap these avenues for revenue generation.While the civic body intends to levy charges of Rs 365 per year for garbage collection from all households, a revised fee structure for hotel waste collection is also being worked out, sources told TOI.Both exercises-door-to-door waste collection and hotel waste collection-are integral to the effective functioning of the solid waste management project. Speaking to TOI, Kothwale said the garbage treatment plant will be one of the most advanced and a one-of-its-kind, fully automated project, and affirmed that MMC was committed to the successful functioning of the plant.Replying to a query, Kothwale said the council's decision to do away with the consultancy services of solid waste management expert PU Asnani, would have no bearing on the functioning of the plant.\"The role of Asnani was limited only up to the commissioning of the plant, and he was tasked with certifying the bills raised by the concessionaire. Now, when the project is nearing completion, it would have been pointless in engaging his services at this stage. A sub-committee of the MMC that would be formed soon, consisting of councilors and co-opted members having expertise in the respective areas concerning the solid waste management plant, will oversee the setting up and functioning of the plant,\" Kothwale said.As the garbage treatment plant is governed by Solid Waste Management Rules, 2000, Kothwale said the council can engage the services of the Goa state pollution control board, senior PWD engineers, hydro geologists attached with the water resources department etc, besides seeking the services of other private consultants to monitor the functioning of the plant.TOI also learnt that work of constructing a sump for leachate collection and a landfill is currently underway at Sonsoddo. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi/ahmedabad/shimla", "code": "16975355", "title": "RSS distances itself from Gadkari controversy", "text": "NEW DELHI/AHMEDABAD/SHIMLA: RSS on Friday distanced itself from the controversial \"corporate\" affairs of Nitin Gadkari , denting the BJP chief's hopes of unstinted support from Nagpur-based Sangh bosses and escalating speculation about his prospect of getting a second term.A defiant Gadkari, however, told his colleagues in a late night meeting that he doesn't intend to quit. The BJP chief, who seemed unfazed by the storm building around him, also said that he would be going to campaign in Himachal on Saturday. His business as usual demeanour seemed to reflect Gadkari's optimism of continuing support from the RSS.Party spokesperson Prakash Javadekar claimed after the meeting that BJP leaders had unanimously decided to back him solidly in view of his decision to offer himself for a probe.Gadkari seems to have dug in his heels. In the meeting with his colleagues, he accused the media of hostility and said the party, instead of getting distracted by technical details about the business practices of Purti group that he founded, should prepare for a political battle. \"It is the party which is the target,\" sources quoted him as saying.In a statement earlier on Friday, RSS's deputy chief Bhaiyyaji Joshi regretted what he called the efforts to drag Sangh's name into the allegations of \"corporate affairs of some political leaders\", and asserted that \"everyone in the country knows that Sangh has nothing to do with any of these allegations\". Joshi further said, \"It has been an article of faith with the RSS that any individual or organization indulging in any illegal activity must be subjected to impartial probe and all those found guilty be punished.\"Joshi did stress that \"some of the allegations have been leveled by sections of media only and an authorized agency is yet to look into those allegations\", and even regretted the politicization of the matter.But on balance, the statement seemed designed to scotch the perception of Sangh's unwavering support to the beleaguered BJP chief despite the growing controversy about his business practices. It differed sharply from the Sangh's initial response on Gadkari's business affairs on Wednesday when its spokesperson Manmohan Vaidya spoke of \"trial by media\".Soon after Joshi's comment on Friday, Sangh circles were abuzz whether Gadkari would be able to get a second term after his current tenure runs out in December. Thanks to RSS backing, extension of his innings had appeared a foregone conclusion till controversies enveloped him.Sources said Gadkari continues to enjoy sympathies of a section of RSS leaders. In fact, his supporters have been strengthened by the advice of experts that the maneuvers that Purti Group -- founded by Gadkari -- tried were standard business practice. Unfortunately for him, an influential group of RSS leaders seem to be coming around the view that his continuing at the helm in times filled with anti-corruption disgust, could cost not just the BJP but even damage Sangh's image.However, Gadkari showed no sign of concern at the meeting with party colleagues at his residence, declaring that he would be pressing ahead with his plan to campaign in Himachal Pradesh on Saturday.Earlier, Joshi's statement came against the backdrop of clear signs of growing wariness in the BJP about persisting with Gadkari now that controversies surrounding his business pose a serious threat to the party's plan to exploit corruption on UPA's charge. Sources in Gujarat BJP said the state unit of the party was reluctant to invite Gadkari to campaign for the elections fearing his presence would give Congress ammunition against the Narendra Modi government which is projecting a corruption-free image before the voters.In the list of \"star campaigners\" submitted by the Gujarat unit of BJP to the Election Commission , Gadkari occupied the top slot ahead even of party veteran L K Advani who represents Gadhinagar in Lok Sabha.Gadkari's plan to campaign in Himachal Pradesh on Saturday has put leaders there in a spot too. While Himachal leaders fear that his presence in the state, which goes to polls in a week, may dent their chances because of the controversies which have sprouted around him, they are in no position to say no to the party chief's wishes to help them. Faced with this Catch-22 situation, the state unit on Thursday evening scheduled his rallies in remote and sparsely-populated areas of the hill state.Gadkari will address two rallies - Rekong Peo in tribal-dominated Kinnaur district bordering China, and Nerwa-Chopal, about 120 km from Shimla. This is in contrast to Sushma Swaraj's rally on Thursday in Sundernagar town of bustling Mandi district and Modi's rally slated for Sunday in Mandi.In his statement, RSS's number two Joshi stressed the Sangh's anti-corruption stand. \"Fight against corruption should be held at a non-political and non-partisan level. It also should be ensured that the faith and determination of the people of the country is not shaken due to sensationalism and carelessness. That is the expectation from politicians and media. Otherwise, a serious and significant issue like the campaign against corruption will face the danger of losing its steam. Probably, that is the real objective of some selfish elements also.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "16975490", "title": "Woman jumps off office building, critical", "text": "DELHI: A 24-year-old woman jumped from the second floor of her office building in Sarita Vihar, south Delhi on Thursday. She is battling for life at a private hospital, police said.The victim has been identified as Arti Gulati. She lived with her husband in Janakpuri, west Delhi. The police said that no suicide note was recovered from the spot.\"The victim was rushed to Apollo Hospital where her condition is stated to be critical,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975810", "title": "Recycling: Organizers rake in moolah", "text": "KOLKATA: Puja organizers in the city are making a killing by recycling and selling the idols and pandals gear to the Jagadhatri and Kali puja organizers.Orders have already started pouring in for some of the major Durga Puja organizers and the prices are ranging between Rs 1.5 lakh and Rs 5 lakh.So, if you couldn't visit some of the prominent city Pujas, which had drawn crowds for its grandeur and pompous display of creativity, you can still catch a glimpse of those at the Jagadhatri Pujas in Chandernagore or at some renowned Kali Pujas in the city and the suburbs. The idols and puja decoratives are being re-cycled and sold to organizers of Jagadhatri and Kali pujas. The prices may range anywhere between Rs 1.5 lakh and 5 lakh.The Krishnagar Daker Saaj at Mudiali Club, which drew huge crowds for was one of the must-visit puja pandals in Kolkata for its, can be found at a Jagadhatri puja pandal in Chandernagore. \"We will fetch around Rs 2 lakh to 2.5 lakh as charges from the organizers,\" said Arun Lal, assistant secretary of Mudiali Club. Shib Mandir's 'no to human cloning' theme will be re-created at another Jagadhatri puja pandal. \"We will allow the Chandernagore puja organizers to hire our theme at a price of around Rs 5 lakh. Our labourers and creative team will shift the installations. In order to avoid paying extra money for dismantling the pandal, we have chosen this option,\" said Shankar Ghosh, treasurer of Shib Mandir.Behala Adarsha Palli organizers will bag over Rs 1.5 lakh by letting the organizers of a Kali Puja at Madhyamgram borrow their theme. allowing their theme and idea to be borrowed by the Puja organisers hosting Kali Puja in Madhyamgram in the vicinity of Kolkata.The pandal of Behala Natun Dal, a top draw among the pandal-hoppers this year, will be dissected and reinstalled at another place. The pandal had four portions. Another Durga Puja in the city, which was a huge hit among the pandal-hoppers, Behala Natun Dal which had been a rage for the pandal hoppers is Behala Nutam Dal. The pandal which had four parts will be dissected and reinstalled at another place.\"The front and middle parts can be transferred, but the main mandap is impossible to dismantle. We are negotiating the price, which may be around Rs 3 lakh,\" said Debabrata Mukherjee, secretary of the puja committee.The idol of Telengabagan - Durga etched on a brass plate - will be preserved at Rabindra Sarovar gallery, which will be set up by the state government for showcasing the creativity for three months. \"The government will pay a good amount for installing the idol at the gallery,\" said Rana Das, secretary of Telengabagan puja committee. The Bosepukur Sitala Mandir pandal will be recreated at a Madhyamgram puja. \"The idol will be donated to the state, which will showcase it at an exhibition. But the pandal will be reinstalled at another location for Jagadhatri Puja. The rental will be Rs 4 lakh,\" said Kajal Sarkar of the puja committee.Collectors, interested in adding a touch of Chinese influence to their homes, can head to Ahiritola and collect the Chinese lampshades, showpieces hanging from the ceilings of the Ahiritola Sarbojanin Durgotsav Samity. \"We have distributed the same without any cost to those who are interested to collect the decorations for personal collection,\" said Dulal Sil, secretary of the puja committee.Durga idols are up for the grabs and so are the embellished puja pandals that had left the revelers in awe during the five days of Durga Puja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973999", "title": "Is your home a breeding ground for mosquitoes?", "text": "PUNE: Eighty per cent of the people in the city who got mosquito-borne diseases, mainly dengue, had vector breeding spots right at their homes.Health officials from Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) have appealed to the people to be extra careful since stagnant water provides the perfect breeding ground for the Aedes Aegypti mosquito which causes dengue.\"Usually, when a person tests positive for dengue, our health staff inspects the person's house and its surroundings for mosquito-breeding spots. This is done to ensure that others living there do not contract it. It is our common observation that most of those who get dengue have breeding spots right inside their houses,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.Vaishali Jadhav, head of insect control department, PMC, said, \"Of the 360 positive dengue cases found in the last 10 months, 80% of the patients had breeding spots inside their houses.\"\"The mosquito breeds primarily in man-made containers like earthenware jars, metal drums and concrete cisterns used for domestic water storage, as well as discarded plastic food containers, used automobile tyres and other items that collect rainwater,\" Jadhav said, adding, \"People need to be extra careful and vigilant. It is vital to tackle mosquito breeding sites to prevent dengue.\"The only method of controlling or preventing dengue virus transmission is to combat the vector mosquitoes. \"Proper solid waste disposal and improved water storage practices, including covering containers to prevent access by egg-laying female mosquitoes, should be followed,\" Jadhav said.Outlining the action taken in the city to combat dengue, she said, \"A list of breeding sites is maintained. A staff of 380 workers primarily works to counter breeding spots. All precautions to arrest the growth cycle of the mosquitoes are being taken.\"The insect control department has also identified over 31,881 permanent mosquito-breeding places, mainly at construction sites, swimming pools and river embankments. The PMC has 188 production units of guppy fish that eat mosquito larvaDREADED DISEASE* Dengue is a mosquito-borne infection that causes a severe flu-like illness and sometimes a potentially lethal complication called dengue haemorrhagic fever* Global incidence of dengue has grown dramatically in recent decades* About two-fifths of the world's population is now at risk* The disease is widespread in tropical and sub-tropical climates, mostly in urban and semi-urban areas* Dengue haemorrhagic fever is a leading cause of serious illness and death among children* The only way of preventing dengue virus transmission is to combat the disease-carrying mosquitoes(Source: World Health Organisation )Prevention tips for households* Remove water collected in plates kept under potted plants. Clean and scrub the plate thoroughly to remove mosquito eggs. Avoid using plates if possible* Loosen soil in the pots to prevent accumulation of stagnant water on the surface of hardened soil* Don't keep tray or receptacles under or on top of air-conditioners* Change water in flower vases daily. Clean and scrub the inside of vases. Wash roots of flowers and plants as mosquito eggs can stick to them easily* Frequently check and remove stagnant water on your premises", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16975929", "title": "Poetic cinema to enrich weekend", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This Saturday, the city will have an option to enrich their weekend with some poetic thought, as they get to indulge in the poetic cinema screened at the travel edition of third Sadho Poetry Film Festival at the Cafetheatre of Alliance Francaise, Sector 36.Some of the finest films based on poetry from six continents will be screened on Saturday evening, starting 6.30pm, including some rare ones like that made on American poet Allen Ginsberg's works 25 years ago and their original copies have been lost.Festival curator and a poet, Jitendra Ramprakash said the two-day main event of the festival is held in New-Delhi every alternate year and during the year in between, Sadho takes selected films to various other cities in its travel edition.\"At Chandigarh, we will screen about 10 short poetry-films for a total of about 90 minutes. These would include poetry films based on works of great poets, poetic films, sign language films and poetic discourse films,\" said Jitendra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16975455", "title": "Demand for clarity on Telangana at Congress meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: Congress leaders from Telangana on Friday made it clear to the party leadership that its membership enrolment drive in the region would not be viable in the absence of a clear stand on the separate statehood demand.At an emergency meeting at Gandhi Bhavan, Karimnagar MP Ponnam Prabhakar and former PCC president P Narsareddy raised the Telangana issue at a time when padayatras are being undertaken in the state by Telugu Desam Party ( TDP) president N Chandrababu Naidu and YSR Congress leader Sharmila.The meeting is the first of its kind to be held in the past two-and-a-half years. With calls for a brainstorming session to discuss the sagging morale of Congress workers, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana had invited about 101 leaders, including CM N Kiran Kumar Reddy, deputy CM Damodar Rajanarasimha, cabinet ministers, members of the state Congress-government coordination committee, former PCC presidents, MPs, DCC presidents among others, to Gandhi Bhavan.However, 13 ministers, viz. J Geeta Reddy, Galla Aruna Kumari, DL Ravindra Reddy, N Uttam Kumar Reddy, Thota Narasimha, TG Venkatesh, Md Ahmadullah, P Sudarshan Reddy, R Venkatareddy, A Mahidhar Reddy, S Vijayaramaraju, D Prasada Kumar and Kanna Lakshminarayana failed to turn up for the emergency meeting.Raising the issue of the membership enrolment drive, Narsareddy asked, \"In the absence of clarity on the Telangana issue in the party, how can we ask the people to join Congress\". He said that the drive would not be welcome among the people of the region. Ponnam Prabhakar reportedly suggested that the party should not announce any action plan until there was some clarity on the Telangana issue.Addressing other issues facing the government, Rajya Sabha MP V Hanumantha Rao said that the facility of providing extra subsidised LPG cylinders should be extended to all consumers. \"Party president Sonia Gandhi has asked the chief ministers of Congress-ruled states to extend the subsidy by three extra cylinders beyond the ceiling of six set by the Centre. So, restricting the subsidy to only Deepam beneficiaries is unfair,\" VHR said.Rangareddy district president KM Pratap brought up the the problems being faced by party-workers due to the non-cooperative attitude of district officials. In his response,Kiran said that the government would decide on the above issues after assessing the financial burden and funds available.Meanwhile, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana said that the membership drive would be taken to all the districts of the state. \"November 14, the birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru and November 19, the birth anniversary of Indira Gandhi , will be observed with the launching of the membership drive at district headquarters and assembly constituency centres,\" he said, adding that all cabinet ministers and senior leaders would participate at these meetings. Even though present, deputy CM Rajanarasimha did not offer any comments at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16975290", "title": "German found dead in hotel in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: A 64-year-old foreign national was found dead in a hotel room on Ashoka Road in Mysore on Thursday.Mandi Mohalla police have identified the victim as Ingrid Barbara Kaiser, 64, from Germany. Her body was shifted to JSS Medical College mortuary in Bannimantap.Police Inspector Rajanna told TOI that they have informed the German embassy and are awaiting a reply. The exact cause of death will be ascertained only after a postmortem, he added.Mandi police said Barbara was found dead in room number 204 at Jai Naga Lodge, a medium budget hotel. When Barbara did not respond to repeated knocks on her door, the hotel staff alerted police who broke open the door. Police have ruled out foul play and suspect she may have had a heart attack.Barbara checked into the hotel on October 22 on her arrival from Goa. She was alone, said the hotel management. She was last seen on the night of October 24 - the last day of Dasara. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16974360", "title": "Plea against railway official for misusing powers dismissed", "text": "MADURAI: The Madras high court bench in Madurai has dismissed a petition seeking action against the chief medical superintendent (CMS) of Southern Railway's Madurai Division for misusing her official capacity.V Gopala Krishnan of S S Colony in Madurai retired as senior division extension educator (family welfare) Railway Hospital, Madur. Krishan, who was also a trade union activist, filed a writ petition before the HC bench here.In his petition, the petitioner had alleged that the CMS, Kasthuribai Jeyaraj, made use of her official capacity for her personal use and gained pecuniary advantage. He contended in his petition that the CMS has overall control of all medical services in the Madurai division. Kasthuribai, who has her permanent residence at V M Chatiram in Tirunelveli district, regularly used to fix inspections on Friday evenings and conducted another inspection on Monday morning at Tirunelveli and claimed Travelling Allowance (TA), he charged.She claimed TA without attending any work by furnishing false submissions. In fact, she claimed TA in the name of attending a gynaecology camp at Tirunelveli on May 15, 2010. But she had not attended that camp. Her act amounted to swindling of Southern Railway resources, the petitioner mentioned.He also said that the petition under Right to Information (RTI) Act by another trade union activist, furnished the details that she claimed TA for more than 10 occasions between March and October in 2010 in the name of inspections. The eight months data shows her claims were false. If her entire claims are verified, more truth will come, the petitioner stated in the petition.Even though complaints were made to the chief vigilance officer (CVO) of the Southern Railway, no fruitful action was taken against the illegal activities of the CMS. Hence, the court should direct the CVO to take action on his complaint, the petitioner prayed the high court.The petition was heard by Justice Vinod Kumar Sharma who dismissed it for want of locus standi.In the order, the judge said that the writ petition is not maintainable as the petitioner does not have any locus standi. The petitioner, as any other citizen of India, if aggrieved, can report the matter to the police and disclose the commission of offence. The court under Article 226 of the Indian constitution cannot deal with the complaint for want of locus standi of the petitioner. Hence, it is dismissed, the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16974329", "title": "Jailed sculptor finds 3 angels on eve of Eid", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rashid Ahmed (78) is not sure what's more affecting \u2014 celebrating Eid at home eight years late, or 18 months early. But the 78-year-old Bangladeshi sculptor, who spent eight years in jail for carrying fake currency, is certainly happy about riding the crest of a goodwill wave.Sometime today, Rashid and his daughter-in-law Noor Nahar Lovely will touch down in their motherland, in time for the Eid lunch of pulao and chicken. That's a far cry from the prospect of jail food they were staring at days ago for being unable to pay a fine of Rs 3 lakh. The 'miracle' is a result of extraordinary cooperation between international agencies, Tihar Jail and some noble Delhiites.Soon after his release from Tihar on Friday, Rashid told TOI he couldn't believe he was going home. \"I have no words to express my joy. They say you can do the Haj without leaving home. For me, this trip is a million Hajs\".A TOI report about how Rashid and Noor, who spent seven years and 11 months in jail for carrying counterfeit currency, would be forced to spend 18 more months in jail if they did not pay the fine of Rs 3 lakh caught the attention of good samaritans Yogesh Kochhar, Ashish Wig and Chetan Seth. The three separately offered to pay the fine.\"This was almost competitive philanthropy. We were overwhelmed with the response, and extended all cooperation possible to facilitate their release from jail,\" said Tihar law officer and spokesperson Sunil Gupta.But on Friday, everyone from the benefactors to officials from Foreigner Regional Registration Offices (FRRO), Tihar Jail and the Bangladesh High Commission worked in tandem. The fine was paid off, and the duo flew out of Delhi airport late on Friday night.\"Although we are from different countries, our basic culture and sensitivities and love for each other remain the same. Sending them home by Eid gives us the same satisfaction as bathing in the Ganges. They should reach home in time,\" said Ashish Wig's father Ravi Wig, who came to Tihar to pay the fine.Last-minute confusion over tickets at the airport saw Yogesh Kochhar, director-strategic engagement for Microsoft India, step in to arrange tickets to Kolkata and settle the issue of 40kg excess baggage. Kochhar lugged their bags and stayed on to see them off. \"Their situation was extremely moving, and we have to set an example for more people to follow. I am just sensitive and alive to a large number of people and their needs beyond my own desires,\" he said.Delhi-based businessman Chetan Seth meanwhile arranged tickets on a Saturday morning flight from Kolkata to Dhaka. He had visited the duo in jail after reading TOI's report and made representations on their behalf to the Bangladesh High Commission to get their travel permits immediately. Wig approached the FRRO to expedite their exit visas that sometimes take weeks to arrive. \"I wish more people in Delhi will help out like this in future. The government machinery was extremely cooperative,\" he said.The FRRO office, which usually closes by 6pm, was teeming with officers on Friday evening. Senior officials rushed Rashid and Noor to the airport, and facilitated their tickets and immigration. Bangladesh High Commission officials in Kolkata have been alerted to help them board the Dhaka flight on Saturday morning.Before leaving, Rashid said he was looking forward to seeing his daughter. Noor, though, was apprehensive. \"I don't know how I will be treated back home. Everyone thinks I am a criminal because I could not prove my innocence,\" she said.Her years in jail were also a time of grave personal loss. \"I found out only last year that my 13-year-old daughter died in 2005... Though I had a good life in Dhaka earlier, I don't know what the future holds for me,\" she said. \"I will start my work again,\" said Rashid, \"Inshallah, I will fight back for my dignity and remember my friends in India.\"\"The Bangladesh High Commission is very happy with this. We all are grateful to the media and the great souls who have come together to secure the release of the ill-fated individuals. Indian media is upholding the rights of the people irrespective of race, colour and nationality. My heartfelt gratitude,\" said Nazibur Rahaman, minister (consular) of the Bangladesh High Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16974671", "title": "Punjab National Bank busts gang of frauds using fake cheques", "text": "ROHTAK: In a major bank fraud, the Punjab National Bank (PNB) have detected a gang of fraudsters who had withdrawn money from account holders by using fake cheques in several branch of Rohtak, Rewari and some other places.The PNB officials have lodged a complaint with the Civil Lines police station here and named three persons in the FIR. The sources said the PNB officials have so far detected that Rs nine lakh have been withdrawn by using fake cheques from two Rajasthan-based account holders from three different branches of PNB in Rohtak.According to information, a case has been registered on the complaint of chief manager of circle office in Rohtak SK Goel against three persons - named as Vikas, resident of Faridabad, Sandeep and Saurabh under Sections 420 (cheating ), 467, 468 (forgery), 471 (using as genuine a forged document) of IPC. The investigation officer Rajender Singh informed that the accused named in the FIR have not been identified so far and it could be possible that the fraudsters had written fake names on the cheques while withdrawing the cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16975654", "title": "Accused in rape, molestation cases held", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The investigation team probing the case of rape of a minor tribal girl and molestation of two others at a tribal colony near Ambalavayal in Wayanad, took the prime accused in the case Muhammed Ali (45) into custody on Friday.Muhammed Ali was absconding for more than three months, since the incident on the night of July 17. Police have already arrested a tribal couple, Leela and Raghavan of Eechamanikkunnu tribal colony, in connection with the case.According to police, Muhammed Ali, native of Kuppakkolli town, who reached the couple's house as a guest on July 17 night, allegedly raped the 17-year-old tribal girl in the colony and molested two other girls, aged 12 and 13, of the same colony. The raped girl is a relative of Leela.Muhammed Ali raped the girl and molested others, after he forced them to consume liquor . When the girls refused to drink the liquor, Muhammadali manhandled them and when they fell into a semi-conscious state, he allegedly tried to molest the younger girls. Later raped the elder girl.Muhammed Ali was a lorry driver and a frequent visitor of the house.A case of rape, under section 376 of IPC, and a case under section 312 of the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act has been registered against Muhammed Ali.Following the report about the incident, the chairperson of women's commission K C Rosakkutty visited the colony. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16975824", "title": "10,000 goats to be sacrificed on Eid in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Nearly 10,000 goats would be sacrificed on the auspicious occasion of Eid-ul-Zuha, which begins on Saturday. These goats are available in the city mainly in Burail, Manimajra and Sector 26. Some people buy the animals even from Punjab. The cost of these goats can vary from Rs 10,000 to several lakhs, depending on colour, shape, size and breed.Manimajra resident Mohammad Atif said: \"In case the animal carries a religious symbol like Eid moon, a star or the number 786 naturally engraved on its skin, its price can reach lakhs of rupees since the number of buyers goes up. Most suitable are the goats with black shining skin. Bargaining is not allowed. At the time of purchase, the buyer must ensure that the animal isn't injured or suffering from illness. The goat becomes part of the family and the owner is expected to look after it dearly like a son.Mohammad Sahzad Alam, a resident of Sector 7, said: \"The needs of the animal are taken care of by its owner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16976402", "title": "Military hosp ready to handle highway accident cases", "text": "RANCHI: A large number of road accident victims, who die because of lack of timely medical assistance, will now get treatment at the Military Hospital in Namkum. The hospital is situated close to the national highway 33, NH-33 (Ranchi-Jamshedpur).Commandant of the Military Hospital, Brigadier Deepak Chopra, has assured district administration that his doctors will respond to emergency situations. The hospital has a well-trained and equipped set up. The hospital also carries out mock drills every month and it ensures that every unit of the hospital participates in the exercise. It also reviews its preparedness and improves the response period every time.Police sources said often accidents take place on the highway and since there is no good medical institution nearby the victims are taken to Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), which is around 15 kilometres from Namkum. \"In case of an accident, even if it takes place in Bundu or Tamar which is around 35 and 45 kilometres from Namkum, we have to rush the victims to RIMS and in case the injury is serious then the patient dies even before reaching the hospital because of traffic jams between Namkum and RIMS. We hope that this initiative will help in saving many lives every year,\" said a source, adding, at least five-six accidents take place on the NH, between Ranchi and Tamar, every day.Disaster management expert Col Sanjay Srivastava, who was also present at the discussion between district administration and the military hospital, appreciated the gesture of the army. \"The military hospital is located strategically. As it is close to the NH, accident victims can be easily rushed to the hospital and at least half-an-hour will be saved which is taken up in travelling to other hospitals. I hope this way many lives will be saved,\" said Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974633", "title": "Calculation error gives man extra pension, court says keep it", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has asked the state government not to recover 1.02 lakh excess pension paid to a retired employee, saying he should not be inconvenienced for a mistake committed by the authorities.Justice D Hariparanthaman, passing orders on a writ petition filed by Madurai Pillai, quashed the recovery proceedings and directed the authorities to return 18,000 recovered so far.Pillai, who worked in the agriculture department, retired from service in May 2006. As per the recommendations of the Sixth Pay Commission, his salary at the time of retirement was fixed at 11,520 in February 2010. Consequently, his pension was fixed at 6,960, payable from January 2007. He was also paid arrears due to him.In 2011, the accountant-general's audit revealed that his pension had been wrongly fixed as 6,960 instead of 5,760. Pointing out that an excess pension of 1.02 lakh had been paid to him, the government initiated proceedings to recover the amount. Pillai moved the high court against the recovery order.In his order, Justice Hariparanthaman said: \"The erroneous revision of pension was not due to the furnishing of any details by Madurai Pillai. Instead, it was due to the mistake committed by the authorities.\"\"There is no misrepresentation on the part of Madurai Pillai with regard to the revision of his pension. Hence, any excess amount paid to him shall not be recovered,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974695", "title": "Now, rein in errant drivers with RTO's checklist", "text": "MUMBAI: The transport department has upped the ante in its drive against auto and taxi drivers who use a slew of tricks-from tampering with meters to displaying fake tariff cards -to fleece commuters. In a bid to ensure that no commuter is taken for a ride by such drivers, the state transport commissioner V N More on Friday issued a checklist for citizens.The checklist pinpoints various rules that drivers are supposed to follow and gives a step-by-step explanation of how citizens can calculate the fare and verify if the amount being demanded by the driver is right.\"I appeal to all passengers to visit our website, mahatranscom.in, and download the original tariff card and carry it. In case of a mechanical meter, use your copy of the card to look up fare for the reading on the meter. In case of an e-meter, check the distance reading on the meter and look up the corresponding fare on your card,\" said More.The waiting time, if any, can be added over this fare, but passengers should insist on knowing the waiting time for which they are being charged. Sources said the waiting charge is 100-m fare for every minute-Rs 1 per minute for autos and Rs 1.20 per minute for taxis.More also said tariff cards may become \"obsolete\" in less than a month when e-meters in all autos/taxis are recalibrated. \"Our flying squads have apprehended close to 500 drivers for not carrying original cards,\" More said. TOI was the first to report that it is mandatory for all drivers to carry original tariff cards.More than 2,000 autos and taxis were recalibrated on Friday, taking the total number of such vehicles to nearly 15,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16974309", "title": "Govt to give PWD funds to all MLAs", "text": "PANAJI: The government on Friday decided to allot funds for PWD works to all 40 constituencies but the quantum of money will depend on size of constituency and the amount spent on PWD works in the constituency in the last about two years.The decision was taken by chief minister Manohar Parrikar at a meeting of party MLAs and independent MLAs supporting the BJP.Dhavalikar said amounts ranging from Rs 10 crore to Rs 20 crore will be allotted to constituencies depending on their size and amount spent in recent past. For example, large constituencies like Canacona, Sanguem, Sanvordem, etc. will get more funds and smaller constituencies will get less. Dhavalikar also said that constituencies where large sums of money were spent on PWD works in the recent past, will get less. Dhavalikar gave the examples of Navelim, Valpoi and Sattari as falling in this category.Dhavalikar denied funds will only be given to constituencies of ruling MLAs, reiterating that PWD funds will be given to all 40 constituencies.Deputy chief minister Francis D'Souza said that the move was related to a decision to bring about fiscal discipline in PWD expenditure. D'Souza said the government has decided to increase plan expenditure where finance department approval is required. The government has also decided to reduce non-plan expenditure because under non-plan expenditure there can be misuse of funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974520", "title": "Film-maker's 'depressed' wife commits suicide", "text": "MUMBAI: Anjali (42), wife of film director-producer Sunil Agnihotri, committed suicide at her Khar residence on Thursday after overdosing on sleeping pills. She left a suicide note stating that no one is responsible for her act.A Khar police officer said Anjali was under medication for depression. The police have ruled out foul play in the incident.Sunil Agnihotri has been in the film industry for over two decades. He has made films like Daava and Alibaba Aur Chaalis Chor. He became a household name with television series Chandrakanta, which was a huge success. Recently, Sunil had announced his return to films with Balwinder Singh Famous Ho Gaya that stars Shaan and Mika and Brazilian model Gabriela Bertante.Sunil lived with his wife and three kids at Rembrandt building in Pali Hill. He was not at home at the time of incident, the police said.Anjali was in the house along with her mother-in-law and a maid. While one son was away at work, her daughter had gone to college. Her other son Siddharth had gone to the gym in the evening. When he returned around 6pm and went to wake up his mother, there was no response from her. He alerted others in the house and they took her to a private hospital where the doctor declared her dead on arrival. She used to take sleeping pills for a sound sleep. The police found several boxes of tablets from the houseIn her suicide note, Anjali stated that she \"loved her family\". The police said that there was no dispute in the family and no one had made any allegation in the case. The police said Anjali was disturbed because she had a feeling that she didn't have much to do in life.Both Sunil and Anjali have been net-savvy. On October 18, Anjali had posted a photo of her dining at an Andheri hotel with Sunil. Her husband too had posted stills of a film which he had shot a couple of weeks ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16976211", "title": "BBMP to dump its plan over local ire?", "text": "BANGALORE: The BBMP appears to have decided to go slow on its plans to resume dumping garbage at Mavallipura, in the face of stiff resistance from locals.Hearing reports that BBMP is getting ready to dump garbage again in their midst, villagers from Mavallipura, Lingarajapura, Kurubarahalli, Mylaranahalli , Belada Kere and surrounding areas were seen getting ready to block trucks ferrying muck.\"Youths have decided to keep a vigil through the night. We'll block the BBMP trucks before they enter the village premises. We are ready to face police also,\" Mavallipura villager Jayanna said.\"We have already suffered a lot. When dumping was happening, the whole village reeked of a foul smell and mosquitoes were around all the time. All this will be back if dumping resumes,\" Kempamma, resident of Mavillipura, told TOI.However, sources privy to BBMP's garbage disposal plans said the proposal to resume dumping in Mavallipura may be dumped. \"There are some legal hurdles and we don't think we can clear them overnight,\" they said.BBMP sources said the commissioner has to take a final call on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16976459", "title": "Posh Palaspalli a picture of paradox", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Palaspalli and the aerodrome areas in the city give a picture of social inequality despite rapid urbanization and growth.The locality, home to chief minister Naveen Patnaik and prominent leaders and businessmenlike ruling party MLAs Bhagirathi Badjena and Ashok Panda, is dotted with posh buildings on one side and shanties on the other. While all-round development is evident in one part of the area, basic facilities for sustenance are absent in the other part of the locality.The entire area comes under wards 30 and 47. The slum in the locality is called Bhoi Sahi, which is a picture of utter neglect. It is one of the oldest parts of the city and yet lacks road connectivity, proper drainage system and supply of piped water. \"Waterlogging is a major problem during rainy season for the inhabitants here. Rainwater enters houses in the low-lying pockets,\" said Benudhar Bhoi, a resident.Road building and other construction works have been stalled due to land disputes, Bhoi added.The Bhois settled in the area in 1962, but even after 40 years, basic amenities remain elusive.Asked why this paradox, Uma Charan Patnaik, a doctor residing in the area, blames rapid urban growth that pushed the original settlers here towards further backwardness.The locality neither has a community hall nor a park. Though land was earmarked for a community hall a decade ago, there is no sign of construction due to the administration's apathy.The population has jumped from mere 14,000 to 40,000 in 10 years. \"The roads have been squeezed as many dwellers have constructed buildings encroaching on them,\" said Mahamaya Swain, corporator of ward no 30.Swain said tenders have been floated for a Rs 1.5-crore work to improve the roads here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jalandhar/amritsar", "code": "16976207", "title": "Power Cut leaves lasting impression on viewers", "text": "JALANDHAR/AMRITSAR: Relatives, fans and artists paid tributes to late Jaspal Bhatti during the first show of his movie \" Power Cut\" in various cities of the state on Friday.In Jalandhar, as the first show of \"Power Cut' was over on the day of its release on Friday, the viewers could not help but laugh even while coming out of the movie halls.Jaspal Bhatti fans made it a point to watch the first show of the movie.\"As we were laughing with comedy in the movie but the next moment we were reminded that Bhatti has left us and it was his last movie. These were mixed emotions - to laugh and then to feel sad that we would not be able to see any more of his creations,\" said Prithipal Singh, who came from Phagwara to watch the first show at local PVR cinema.\"It was a clean comedy and we 'll bring our kids also for watching it. Bhatti did very well in the movies as always,\" said Kuljit, a local resident, who came to watch it with her husband.Param, Bubby and Fateh - three friends who came from Amritsar to watch the movie, said, they had always been Bhatti fans and they wanted to watch the movie not just to entertain themselves but also to pay homage to him who died while promoting this film.While those who watched the movie came out contended but in terms of number of viewers the response remained lukewarm during the two shows in the dayIn Amritsar, a large number of youth had converged to see the movie at a local theatre and were full of appreciations for Bhatti for his satirical compositions which had left ever lasting impressions on common man.A part time accountant Balbir Singh said he had taken half day leave to watch the movie.\"I would have not come to watch the movie on its first show if Bhatti had not died but now I wanted to see him again on the big screen and listen to his dialogues,\" he said.Similarly a BA part II student Payal Mehra said she had always been a staunch fan of Bhatti and had even met him during one of his visit to Amritsar.\"I am very sad that he is not with us, but his movies will always be an inspirational source for many.\" she said. Similarly in other cities, moviegoers paid tributes to Bhatti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16975949", "title": "Pretty women doll up and go gala", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dressed in beautiful reds and greens adorned with traditional jewellery and intricate henna patterns on their hands, members of the Niharika Ladies Club turned up in their traditional best to celebrate Karva Chauth in a city-based hotel on Friday.A cultural dance function and fashion show was also organized for the club members by the students of Guru Nanak Institute of Fashion Designing, Gujarkhan campus. Students sashayed down the ramp displaying a blend of traditional and modern outfits for the festive season. This was followed by a \"Karwa Queen\" contest which saw participation from around 50 gorgeous club members. Sandeep Oberoi was crowned the \"Karwa Queen\", while Munmun Sodi was given the runners-up title for the contest.In addition surprise titles were also given to the ladies. Jaswinder Kaur bagged praises for the best hennaed hands, Naina Sethi for her earrings, Karuna Singh for bangles, while Munmun Sodhi bagged all praise for her beautiful tikka. With Karva Chauth still a week away, the get together was organized to welcome the festive season with chit chat and feast.A talk show was organized for the ladies where they were given tips on make up and hair care. Surprise gifts like jewellery sets, crockery sets, bangles were given away to members for their enthusiastic participation in the celebration.Kumkum, a fashion designer and resident of BRS Nagar, was thrilled to be a part of the celebration. She purchased a new \"anaarkali\" suit for this occasion. \"Since on the actual day of the festival we will be busy with our family, the club members decided to celebrate the festive season in advance with a get together. We all had a great time enjoying, chatting and feasting.\"Ishneet Kaur, a homemaker of BRS Nagar, said, \"This is the most important day for couples and the celebrations should match to the festivity. We performed on the song 'Bole churiya', and enjoyed grooming sessions. The surprise gifts were the delightful part of the day and we all enjoyed snacks and played tambola.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973593", "title": "Thundershowers to continue for next 3 days in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The ongoing pattern of rain or thundershowers in the city is likely to continue for the next two to three days under the influence of the enhanced amplitude of the easterly waves, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast.On Friday, the city recorded 6.6 mm rain within a short span of an hour, starting around 3.30 pm. The showers, preceded by thunder, occurred in most parts of the city, which has now received a total of 144.5 mm of post-monsoon rain since October 1.\"The prevailing pattern - typified by a spell of shower accompanied by thunder and lightning mostly towards afternoon, evening or early night - may extend beyond three days, owing to the possibility of the formation of a low pressure area in the Bay of Bengal ,\" IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting Medha Khole told TOI on Friday.\"A trough of low that extends from the Comorin area, which refers to the region between Kerala coast and Sri Lanka , up to the Maharashtra coast, represents the enhanced amplitude of the easterly waves,\" she said. \"Normally, this trough extends up to the southern parts of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka but this time it has extended up to the Maharashtra coast,\" she added.Khole said, \"Under the influence of this trough of low there has been a greater moisture incursion from the Bay of Bengal, resulting in rain or thundershowers in parts of south Maharashtra. The effect of the trough, coupled with factors like local heating, is leading to formation of convective clouds over the city and leads to rain or thundershowers towards afternoon, evening or early night hours.\"She said, \"Our short-range forecast states that the ongoing activity will continue for two to three days and with the possibility of a low pressure area in the Bay of Bengal, the enhanced amplitude of the easterly waves may continue further.\"The minimum temperature in the city has gone up to the above normal mark due to the moisture content in the atmosphere, cloud cover during night hours and increased humidity, she said. The maximum temperature is likely to remain slightly above normal, she added.After the end of the southwest monsoon season on September 30, the post-monsoon rainfall activity had continued for the first two weeks of October as the monsoon system was going through a phase of withdrawal from the country. There was a lull in the rainfall activity after October 13, leading to a noticeable fall in the night temperatures to below normal mark and signs of winter setting in.The minimum temperature went down from 19.6 degrees Celsius, 1.6 degrees Celsius above normal, on October 13 to 14.8 degrees Celsius, 3.3 degrees Celsius below normal, on October 20. The IMD had then predicted an increase in the night temperature in anticipation of moisture incursion resulting from the northeast monsoon rain that has started in the southern states of the country around October 18. Cloudy atmosphere has prevailed in the city since October 20.In fact, a very strong spell of rain, thunder and lightning occurred on October 24 with 17.5 mm rain recorded within a two-hour span between 7.30 pm and 9.30 pm. The 6.6 mm rain recorded on Friday comes as the next best spell since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16976206", "title": "Where did the money go, Congress asks BJP", "text": "BANGALORE: KPCC president G Parameshwara on Friday alleged that the BJP-ruled state government had received about Rs 88,817 crore from the Centre since 2008, but didn't make the funds available for centrally-sponsored programmes.Parameshwara announced a statewide 'Give Account' agitation on October 30 to pressure the BJP government to furnish details on expenditure of central funds.\"Where has the money gone? Why is the government not producing a white paper despite many demands?'' he told reporters here.If the state fails to provide a utilization certificate, there's a possibility of a cut in annual Plan size, he said.\"A cut in Plan size will affect the flow of funds to the state and it affects the government, irrespective of the party,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16974297", "title": "Reject miners' arguments, Goa Foundation tells Goa state pollution control board", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Foundation has demanded the rejection of the mining companies' argument that the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) has no jurisdiction to conduct the hearing on excess mining and validity of environment clearances (EC).The GSPCB has concluded the hearing of 48 mining companies, and the order will be issued next week.\"We submit that the mining companies' objections on ground of jurisdiction ought to be rejected, and that the board must proceed to conclude its examination of the show cause notices on merits,\" Claude Alvares, secretary of the Goa Foundation, said in a written reply to the GSPCB.The GPSCB was asked by the Bombay high court at Goa to conduct the hearing on the issues of excess mining and validity of ECs, after the Goa Foundation had gone to the court with the issue last year.During the hearings, most mining companies argued before the GSPCB that the board doesn't have the jurisdiction to conduct the hearing as EC's are issued by the ministry of environment and forest.The Goa Foundation said that the mining companies' objections to the board's show cause appear to rest on the assumption that the likely action by the board is revocation of consent to operate. \"This assumption is incorrect as the board has not disclosed in the show cause notice the action that it proposes to take if sufficient cause is not shown,\" the Goa Foundation said in the written reply.The Foundation in its complaint seeks suitable action as it avers that exceeding stipulated limits is a criminal offence. In reply to preliminary objections raised by mining companies on the jurisdiction of the GSPCB, the Goa Foundation said that the show cause notice proceeds on the basis that there is violation of the production limits imposed in the consent to operate order.At the first hearing on excess production in October 2011, 48 lessees said they exported ore from dumps in their mines. In September 2011, the Goa Foundation filed a public interest petition in the high court of Bombay at Goa on excess production of ore, violating the ECs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16975200", "title": "Dalits face spatial isolation in villages: Says study", "text": "MANGALORE: A good 65 years after Indian Independence, there is spatial isolation or exclusion of dalits in villages . Villages in Karnataka clearly provide this picture. The results of a study show that in most villages in the state, dalit families are located near the boundaries of a village or completely isolated from the main village.The finding is mentioned in the executive summary report of Indian Council of Social Science Research study titled- Discrimination and Social Exclusion: A study on the development experience of dalits in Karnataka. It was carried out by Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy (CSEIP) of Mangalore University.According to the study, only 4.2% of dalit houses are located in the middle of the villages. The remaining dalit families' houses are near the boundaries of the village.While entering a village if one finds dalit families, it does not mean these families are located at the entrance of the village because all villages have more than one entry point as they are connected with other nearby villages by road. Overall, 95% of dalit families in the 'study villages' are located at margin of the village.Across sub caste wise spatial exclusion in villages of Karnataka, nearly 5.9%of Holeya/Adi Karnataka caste households are in the middle of villages and living in between other touchable castes there. In the case of Madiga/Adi Dravida, it is only 2.3%, Bhovi/Lambani 3.6% and others 5.8%.The spatial distance and living at the either end of the villages is common for dalit communities in the villages. A total of 2425 rural households in five sample districts of Karnataka were covered for the study.About 42.4% of household respondents are females and 57.6 are males in the study area.Most dalit families are nuclear families in Karnataka and joint family tradition is disappearing. Results shows that 86.2% of households are nuclear families and only 13.8% of them are joint families in selected villages. Only in some villages, some households from dalit communities are able to live closer by upper caste households.Vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy told TOI that the full report of the study carried out by CSEIP will be released towards the end of December. \"We intend to invite Sukhadeo Thorat, chairman, ICSSR, who during his tenure as head of UGC sanctioned funds to the university to carry out this research project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974372", "title": "Fines don\u2019t make motorists fall in line, say traffic police", "text": "CHENNAI: What makes people become safe motorists? Not paying fines, as the traffic police has learnt. In the last year, since they introduced the e-challan system, police have realised that the number of repeat offenders is high and fines alone will not stop violations. For instance, from last October to this, of the 2.8 lakh people caught for skipping signals, 17,200 people have been caught twice for the same violation, and 1,700 have been caught five times.Police officers say that simple fines do not curb violations. \"We keep booking people and people keep breaking the same rules again. Canceling or suspending licences will be a step forward in disciplining errant road users,\" said a senior officer.In the case of riding without a helmet, 6.3 lakh people were booked in the past year. Since the fine for the offence for the first time is just 100, 43,000 people paid the fine and returned to the road, only to be caught again. The fine for subsequent violations is 300, but close to 3,000 people were booked five times for the same offence. The amount of money spent on fines can fetch a good quality helmet.However, two-wheeler riders do not seem to follow this logic. \"I rarely get caught. So it's ok to pay up once in a while. Wearing a helmet gives me a bad headache,\" said R Gopal, who rides from T Nagar to Foreshore Estate every day.Over the years, the number of people wearing of helmets has gone up, say senior officers. \"This is reflected in the 10% reduction in the number of two-wheeler rider deaths this year, compared to the deaths in the same period last year,\" said additional commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjay Arora. However, the percentage of motorists killed in road accidents because they were not wearing a helmet remains the same. Every year, about 95% of the victims of fatal two-wheeler accidents are people without helmets.Doctors seem to have a solution. \"People caught more than once without a helmet must be made to spend a week at a head injury ward to make them understand the importance of a helmet and the seriousness of injuries,\" said K Ganapathy, a neurologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16975523", "title": "Body of youth found in canal", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a suspected case of murder, the Balaramapuram police on Friday recovered the body of a 26-year-old man from a canal at Pokkali near Peringamala near Balaramapuram. Police identified the deceased as Sankar of Panayarakkunnu Mangalathukonam near Balaramapuram.According to police, the body was spotted the local people around 7.30am. The body was lying in the deepest spot of the canal, where the locals had dug a 7-foot deep pit for irrigation purposes.His father Chandran, a handloom worker, told the police that Sankar had gone missing from his home three days ago. He had picked up a quarrel with the family after Chandran dismissed his demand to buy him a new car.\"We have not yet confirmed whether it is a murder. We will know the cause of death only after we receive the postmortem report,\" said additional sub inspector K Jayakumar.He also said that the primary investigation into the past of the deceased provided details that strengthens the suspicion on the possibility of a murder.He was a habitual drunkard and had often fought with others, including his family members and locals.Police sources also said that Sankar was in a relationship with a girl, who had committed suicide about a year ago. However, police could not prove his involvement in that case. Police are collecting more details regarding that case to examine whether it has got any connection with his death.Live bullet found at airportThe city police on Friday seized a live bullet from the domestic terminal of the Trivandrum International Airport. The police have registered a case and launched a probe. The police said that the bullet was found at the taxi bay at the domestic terminal of the airport. It was spotted by a taxi driver in the evening. He informed the matter to the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) personnel. However, the CISF authorities, after checking with their personnel, confirmed that none of their personnel had lost or misplaced any ammunition, following which they took the matter to the airport manager. The airport manager in turn directed the matter to the Valiathura police. Sanghumugham assistant commissioner K S Vimal and team reached the airport and collected evidence. They also confiscated the bullet for examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16975656", "title": "Now, Malabar Freedom chapatis from Kannur prison", "text": "KANNUR: Following the path taken by other central prisons in the state, the Kannur central prison is also venturing into business with the launch of chapati and curry under the brand name 'Malabar Freedom'.\"The chapati and curry marketed by the central prisons in Viyyur and Poojapura and the Kozhikode district jail have got wide acceptance because of its the quality. This inspired us to launch the venture here as well,\" said jail superintendent Sam Thankayyan at a media briefing to demonstrate the working of the chapati-making unit in the prison, on Friday.He said cine actor Sanusha would inaugurate the marketing of the chapati and curry on Saturday. Municipal chairperson M C Sreeja will receive the first packet.Nearly 80,000 chapatis are marketed by the jails in the state everyday, with Poojapura selling half the number and Viyyur the rest.\"We will be able to sell around 10,000 chapatis a day. They would be sold at Rs 2 a piece, with egg curry or vegetable curry which would cost Rs 10 each,\" he said.\"Though the market price is Rs 5 to Rs 7 a piece, we can sell a chapatti for Rs 2 because of the cheap labour we have,\" said welfare officer Mukesh K V. \"We selected the name 'freedom' because that is what everyone in the jail dreams of,\" he added. He said the catch-line would be 'Taste the Freedom'.He said the jail department in the state had now become a revenue-generating entity and that in the coming days jails would generate more revenue. Last year alone, jails made a profit of around Rs 3.5 crore.\"Since Kannur has a great tradition of baking, we are also exploring the possibility of manufacturing bakery products like cookies and cake here,\" said Mukesh.\"We are also planning to procure poultry from the open jail in Cheemeni and market chicken curry as well,\" he added.\"The mechanized kneading and chapati-making unit, that can make up to 2,000 chapatis an hour, costs Rs 2.40 lakh. Prison inmates are yet to master the process, hence they are a bit slow. However, they manage to make more than 1,000 chapatis in three hours, and we expect the output to increase in the coming days,\" said an official.\"Apart from retail sales of a packet of 10 chapatis, we will also accept bulk orders,\" he said. A special outlet has been set up outside the jail for this. It will function from 8am to 6pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973617", "title": "Plans afoot to make use of helmets compulsory in Pune", "text": "PUNE: City police commissioner Gulabrao Pol on Friday said plans afoot to make wearing of helmets compulsory for two-wheeler riders in the city. But first, the city police will conduct an awareness campaign on the use of helmets.Speaking at a programme where he distributed helmets to six police personnel, Pol said the Supreme Court has passed an order making it mandatory for two-wheeler riders to wear helmets. The city police will be distributing helmets to 2,000 police personnel in the city, the funds for which have been provided by some corporate houses.\"People often ask me why helmets have not been made compulsory, which shows that they are in favour of the rule. We will first increase public awareness on the issue and then make it compulsory,\" Pol said. He added that the rule is already in place in the Pune cantonment area.He recalled that when he was the police commissioner in Navi Mumbai, there were a number of fatal road accidents of police personnel due to movement of heavy containers and vehicles to the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust. Bad condition of roads and improper lighting aggravated the situation.He said that vehicular traffic in all major cities is increasing and it is essential that wearing helmets be made mandatory.Earlier, Pol launched a compact disc on traffic awareness. Sujeet Patharkar, a bank professional, who is actively associated with the traffic branch as 'vahatuk police mitra' (friend of traffic police), has prepared the CD which will be distributed to various organisations and colleges.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre said action was taken against 259 police personnel this year for not wearing helmets.This year, 152 people who lost their lives in road accidents were not wearing helmets, he said.Joint commissioner of police Sanjeevkumar Singhal said use of helmets will help in reducing deaths in road accidents. Last year, over 200 people had lost their lives because of not wearing helmets, he said.Traffic activist and eminent cartoonist Mangesh Tendulkar said efforts should be made by manufacturers to make some changes in the design of helmets to make them more comfortable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16975578", "title": "Calicut University takes steps to promote research", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Calicut University has announced a series of steps to shore up the research activities in its departments and the various research centres affiliated to it.Under the initiative, the varsity has set up a quality assurance committee (QAC) to ensure the quality of research programmes undertaken by students. It has also made it mandatory for PhD students to undertake regular course work as part of the doctoral programme.The newly-formed directorate of research of the varsity will constitute separate wings to help students in publishing research works, preparing research projects and for documentation.The CU has also decided to seek the services of retired guides in the departments to enable more students to join PhD programmes.The university has already recognized eight institutions as research centres and ratified the appointment of 31 research guides. Now a guide can accommodate up to eight research scholars, which was limited to five earlier.Those employed in government and private sector will be allowed to take up part-time research.It has also been made mandatory for students to have their works published in reputed journals before they submit the PhD thesis. The varsity has also instituted a 'Vice Chancellor's medal' for the best published research work.Among the other steps announced by the varsity to foster research is the liberalization of rules granting more freedom to researchers to utilize funds obtained from various agencies for their projects. The university has also approached the state government to start a scholarship scheme for scholars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16976713", "title": "Tatkal scheme yielding good revenue", "text": "PATNA: Tatkal scheme is yielding good response in terms of revenue from passengers under East Central Railway during festive season.According to ECR CPRO Amitabh Prabhakar, all trains under tatkal scheme have been witnessing 100% occupancy in both peak and off-peak hours during the festival period. \"It won't be easy to come out with the exact figure of revenue at the moment. But after the end of the season, we will certainly come out with the exact figure,\" he said.Railways has earmarked 89 berths in AC-II and 143 in AC-III class in Patna-New Delhi Rajdhani Express, ten berths in AC-II, 48 in AC-III and 210 in sleeper class in Patna-New Delhi Sampoorna Kranti Express, four in AC-II, 12 in AC-III and 114 in sleeper class are kept secured under the Tatkal scheme in Patna-Pune Express, he said.Similarly, he said, the number of berths available under Tatkal scheme in Patna-Mumbai Superfast Express is 254 which include 12 in AC-II, 32 in AC-III and 210 in sleeper class. In Patna-Secunderabad Express, the number of berths kept reserved under tatkal scheme is 16 in AC-II, 36 in AC-III and 184 in sleeper class and in Patna-Bangalore Sanghmitra Express, 20 berths are kept secured in AC-II, 48 in AC-III and 216 in sleeper class.According to the CPRO, there are four berths in AC-II, 20 in AC-III and 140 in sleeper class in Islampur-New Delhi Magadh Express and eight in AC-II, 18 in AC-III and 140 in sleeper class under tatkal scheme in Shramjeevi Express, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975811", "title": "Immersion leaves Kolkata ponds cluttered", "text": "KOLKATA: At a time when all eyes are on the city's major ghats for a safe, secure and pollution-free immersion, hundreds of idol structures are lying unattended beside some major ponds and waterbodies in the city. Residents of the nearby areas are a worried lot as more structures are likely to flood these ponds by Sunday, the last day of immersion.A visit to three large ponds on the city's southern fringes on Friday revealed that the structures of most of the idols immersed in these ponds are still lying in the area adjacent to the ponds. and are an eyesore to any passer-by.These ponds reflect a sorry state of affairs, notwithstanding the fact that there is a three-tier Kolkata Municipal Corporation team responsible for removal of structures after immersion. The team is also supposed to transport those to a dumping ground off E M Bypass.For instance, the land beside Ranidighi (one of the three ponds) at Ranikuthi near Tollygunge is in a wretched condition. No initiative has been taken in the last three days to remove the structures after immersion. in the past three days.Around 200 idols have been immersed in the pond since Wednesday, a local resident said. Partha Sengupta, another resident, criticized the inaction of the civic body in removing the structures dumped on the ground. \"It is a complete eyesore. It is intolerable to see the idols in such a bad shape.This is a shame for us and the civic body as well,\" Sengupta said.Another pond at Layalka, close to Baghajatin, presented a similar picture. A majority of the 170 idols immersed here in last three days are lying unattended in an adjacent playground. \"It is strange that KMC has failed to remove these idols from the playground. This is definitely an eyesore,\" said Subrata Roy, a local resident.Some KMC volunteers were seen removing some structures from the pond. Asked on a possible time frame for removing the structures dumped on the playground, a volunteer said they had no idea. \"We are worried about the final phase of immersion on Sunday. If the existing structures are not removed, how can we accommodate more structures in the playground?\" asked Bapi Bairagi, a KMC volunteer, while removing the structures from the Layalka pond.The scene at a large pond in Patuli is no exception. Idols and wooden frames were found floating on the water. Over 70 puja committees from the adjacent localities of Ramgarh and Garia had immersed idols in it since Thursday night. \"If the authorities had ensured that the idols and frames were picked up immediately, it would have served the purpose of pollution control. But all these idols would be lying in the waterbody till the cranes arrive,\" said Subhendu Biswas, a resident of Patuli.Debasis Kumar, KMC's member, mayor-in-council (parks), said that all structures would be removed and transported from these ponds early next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "16976439", "title": "Woman held for killing Jain leader", "text": "DHANBAD: Giridih police on Friday arrested a woman on the charges of killing the general manager of Bharat Varshiya Digambar Jain Tirth Kshetra Samiti, P C Sharma, at Madhuban in Pirtand on October 7 morning. Police also find involvement of Maoist in the gruesome murder of the Jain sect leader.Giridih SP A V Honkar said Maoists had been involved in the killing of P C Sharma at Vimalsagarji Samadhi at Madhuan. The woman, Sanjhali Devion, who was sacked by the trust on charges of having an illicit relation with an employee, had hatched a conspiracy to kill Sharma in connivance with the Maoists who had been insisting on her reinstatement.\"Sharma had removed Sanjhali Devi, a daily wage earner, and another person for having an affair. The Maoists had asked Sharma to reinstate her, but he had refused. The man was reinstated three months later, but the woman could not be accommodated despite pressure from the Maoists,\" the SP said.Sanjhali alias Chudaki, the wife of Sikra Manjhi of Jobhi Tola of Pirtand, had sought the Naxalites help.On October 7 when devotees were celebrating the birth anniversary of the Jain saint, she went to the trust office and called Sharma outside the premises of Vimalsagarji Samadhi where two Maoists, who had come on a motorcycle, pumped bullets on him. Although Sharma died on the spot, the woman and the two Maoists hit him with stones and bricks to disfigure his face.The SP said police were making efforts to trace the Maoists involved in the murder. Madhuban is a stronghold of Naxalites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975881", "title": "Family takes up task to preserve Sunil Gangopadhyay's works", "text": "KOLKATA: Lines scribbled here and tucked away there. A gem of a story printed on flimsy paper, held together by staples and forgotten. A sheaf of short stories handled carelessly by a publisher... After Sunil Gangopadhyay's passing, his family has started the near-Herculean task of collating and preserving his legacy.The writer's manuscript room has been made out of bounds. His wife and son plan to catalogue all his works - published and unpublished - and hand them over to some of the bigger publishing houses, who would pay a little more attention to quality of production.Gangopadhyay could never say no. This led to many of his works being published by small-time firms that didn't do justice to it. \"We have realized that many of my father's works were published by people who weren't too concerned about the quality of production. In some cases, the quality was extremely poor. Some of these publishers may have approached my father and got permission. Some of his works may have got out through other ways. My father never kept tabs on this. Now, we have got in touch with my father's longtime friend Subrata Rudra to help us catalogue all his works,\" Gangopadhyay's son Souvik told TOI.Rudra will start the work soon after Souvik, an IT professional in Boston , returns to the US with mother Swati. Souvik will also build a team of his father's writer friends to decide how to publish the treasure trove. \"We will have to look into the legal aspects and find out if my father had agreements with publishers. The team that we plan to set up will be in charge of cataloguing the works. They will also decide which firm should publish which category of writings. For the moment, we aren't allowing many people to enter the room where his works are kept. Several manuscripts are lying there. Some of them are in pen and paper, others digitized. There are some that haven't been published. There is a lot of work that needs to be done. We will get to it when we are in a better state of mind,\" Souvik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16975106", "title": "One-time convict rapes another minor", "text": "BHOPAL: A seven-year-old girl was raped in Shajapur's Sunera Village in wee hours on Friday by a person, who was earlier convicted in 2000 for raping a four-year-old in the same village. He had served his jail term in 2010.The accused, Gokul, 40, was arrested on charges of kidnapping, rape and criminal intimidation by the police. She was abducted by the accused while she was sleeping with her parents outside her house.He took her to a field, 150 metres from her house and assaulted her physically. He threatened her with dire consequences, if she told about it to her parents.However, her parents woke up hearing her cry. After being told about what happened, they went to the police station and lodged a complaint. The accused was arrested under the Sections 376, 363 and 506 of the IPC and the victim was referred to district hospital Ujjain after primary treatment.\"She has suffered severe injuries in her private parts following the act,\" said R K Mishra, in charge of Sunera police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16975972", "title": "\u2018Take ID cards before giving car for test drive\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: With a view to preventing car thefts on the pretext of test drive, commissioner police Ludhiana issued guidelines for car dealers on Friday. \"We have asked car dealers to take a few preventive measures to avoid thefts during test drives,\" said, Ludhiana commissioner police Ishwar Singh.Singh said, \"The dealers have been advised to send minimum two employees along with the requestor for every test drive. Besides, complete contact details of the person taking the drive should be recorded.\"As a security measure the commissioner also advised the dealers to hold important ID cards of the requestor. He said, \"The dealers should hold the requestor's voter card, driving licence and Adhar card before handing over the car for test drive. In addition, no test drive should be allowed for long distances.\"On Wednesday, a car dealer had complained of car theft on the pretext of test drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974216", "title": "Kandivli suicide case: Hubby, in-laws missing", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after a case of abetment was lodged against the husband and in-laws of Kandivli housewife Kritika Patel, the former could not be found at their residence, police said.Kritika (28) had pushed her two-year-old daughter, Jaini, off the 18th floor of Roopnagar society in Kandivli (W) before jumping off on Monday. On Wednesday, her father accused her husband Kaushal and her in-laws of harassing her for dowry. Cops then applied charges of abetment and harassment against Kaushal, his sister, Tanvi, and his parents Ramaben and Gopalbhai.Kritika's father said that she was under pressure to arrange for Rs 8 lakh for interior decoration of their flat. The building is presently being redeveloped and the family had temporarily moved to Shankar lane nearby. \"Kritika was reportedly asked to fetch the money from her parents,\" said a police official.According to her father's complaint, Kritika was also taunted for giving birth to a girl child. \"Her anxiety about her daughter's future could have driven Kritika to end Jaini's life along with her own,\" the official said.The police intend to arrest Kaushal, a construction contractor, and the rest of his family. Officials said they are trying to find out whether the accused have moved to a relative's place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16975356", "title": "Passenger's gold 'vanishes' from airport", "text": "HYDERABAD: The gold seized by customs officials at airport from a 31-year-old man returning to city from Saudi Arabia has disappeared mysteriously. Late in the night, airport police booked a theft case and the complainant alleged that a customs official has stolen it. At 9.30 am on Friday, Mohammed Samiullah of Tolichowki arrived at the RGI airport from Dammam along with his wife and daughter. During the customs check, officials found 5 tolas of undeclared gold worth Rs 1.3 lakh in the baggage of Samiullah. They immediately seized the gold and asked Samiullah to pay a hefty penalty for its release. Later, the officials agreed to release the gold if Samiullah paid Rs 6,000. He paid the amount to them and got a receipt for the same. The sleuths told Samiullah that he can leave the place. Shocked Samiullah then asked the customs sleuths to release the gold but they replied saying that the gold has already been handed over to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16974593", "title": "Nitin Gadkari true representative of BJP ideology, mocks Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Friday mocked Nitin Gadkari as the true representative of the BJP ideology, upping the ante after days of reluctance to go on the offensive against the continuing graft saga from the saffron camp.AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi said Gadkari was the second BJP chief to be caught indulging in corruption, adding, \"Every political party has an ideology and the staunchest believer in it becomes the party head.\"Sources said the attack was a reaction to BJP's renewed assault on Robert Vadra who has been accused of dubious land deals with realty major DLF in Haryana. While BJP's attempt to retrain public glare on Vadra appeared a strategy to neutralize the relentless focus on Gadkari over the last week, Congress said there could be no parallel between the two cases.Alvi said official inquiries had given a clean chit to Vadra while Gadkari's was an open-and-shut case. \"His drivers and employees are directors in his company, there are benami companies. Nothing can be more serious than this revelation, but senior BJP leaders who are PM aspirants are defending Gadkari,\" he said.The strong attack on Gadkari marked a departure from the party stance during the last few days after the suspect funding pattern of BJP chief's business empire surfaced. In fact, Congress stopped short of making any value judgment on the issue and merely observed that any allegations that were in the public domain could be looked into by enforcement agencies.Alvi's aggression on Friday appeared guided by Congress calculation that charges against Gadkari were more serious than those against Vadra and it could go on the front foot. The clean chit to Vadra by Haryana officials also seems to have encouraged the party to speak out on Gadkari.In fact, Congress's silence on Gadkari till now was seen as dictated by fear of retaliation against Vadra. The charges against Gadkari had assured the ruling camp that BJP would be forced to go slow against the son-in-law of Congress's first family and thus preferred an \"arm's length\" policy.Alvi also slammed anti-graft campaigner Arvind Kejriwal for saying that probe against Gadkari would be an eyewash. \"Even a chameleon changes colour with lesser frequency than he does,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973654", "title": "Gold ornaments worth 1.6 lakh stolen from Tadiwala Road flat", "text": "PUNE: An unidentified person entered a flat on Tadiwala Road on the pretext of repairing a cupboard and made away with gold ornaments worth Rs 1.61 lakh on Wednesday afternoon.The complaint has been lodged by Shobha Shivdas Davare (25) of Tadiwala Road.Assistant inspector with the Bund Garden police A D Phuge said that on Wednesday afternoon, when Davare and her father were in the house, a person, aged around 40 years, came to their house. \"He told Davare that her mother had given him Rs 200 around a year ago for some repair work of their cupboard,\" Phuge said.Believing him, Davare allowed him to do the work. The man left their house after about half an hour. Next day, when Davare checked the cupboard, she found that the gold ornaments were missing. \"She then lodged the complaint,\" Phuge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974273", "title": "Specify ownership of state govt plots, lessees told", "text": "MUMBAI: Lessees and occupants of state government land will have to display certificates, declaring that their properties were granted by the government.\"A notice board has to be displayed on the building premises or on compound walls, visible to the public,\" said an official.\"This will help the government to keep track of its lands, prevent disputes over ownership and encroachment. It will also ensure there are no secret sales,\" he added.One of the biggest controversies in recent years has been the land given to Adarsh housing society in Colaba.According to rules, a lessee must seek the government's approval before selling the land since 50% of the sale price is to be paid to the government as \"unearned income\". In case, the sale is done without the government's nod, the state will take 75% of the proceeds as unearned income.Swadhin Kshatriya, additional chief secretary (revenue and forests) said under the Maharashtra Land Revenue Code the government gives land on lease or on occupancy price. \"In case of a lease, the lessee has to pay an annual lease rent; while in case of the latter an occupant pays a lump sum. In both cases, the land is let out for 30 years and is not freehold land,\" he added.The government has given land for educational, religious, community and residential purposes. There have been cases where \"influential persons\" have cornered several plots through organizations. The decision is aimed at preventing such misuse, particularly in case of housing. Recently, the revenue and forests department put up a proposal before the government over the change in lease conditions once a lease expires. According to Kshatriya, there were over 1,600 leasehold plots in Mumbai given by the British for periods ranging from 60 to 999 years.\"The leases of around 650 plots have expired. In these cases, the government now proposes to renew the leases for a 30-year period either on a lease or occupancy price basis,\" he said. \"The annual lease rent will be a percentage of the ready reckoner rate. In case of occupancy price, the occupant will pay 20% in case it is residential, 30% for industrial and 40% for commercial,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975400", "title": "Krishna resigns, Soni &amp; Wasnik offer to quit for mega reshuffle", "text": "New Delhi: The buzz around Sunday's reshuffle of the Manmohan Singh ministry heightened with external affairs minister S M Krishna's resignation on Friday and the offer of senior ministers Ambika Soni and Mukul Wasnik to work on party assignments signalling a major overhaul of the government.There are indications that the offers of Soni and Wasnik may be accepted, setting the stage for changes which are expected to bear the stamp of Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi and which are likely to be followed be a long overdue revamp of the AICC as Rahul assumes a key role.There is a strong likelihood of tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay being asked to quit. Sahay, who has been under a cloud for recommending allocation of coal blocks to a company which had his brother as a director, cut short his stay in Ranchi to return to the Capital late on Friday evening.Congress chief Sonia Gandhi held consultations with the PM in the evening, although the finishing touches may be given on Saturday.Krishna's departure from the government had been on the cards since the PM and the Congress chief started their consultations on ministry-making at the beginning of the month. In fact, the exercise that was scheduled in the first half of the month could not be undertaken because of Krishna's trip to the US to address the UN General Assembly , sources said. The onset of the inauspicious Shradh period helped him hang on for some more days.Sources said that in his letter to the PM, Krishna expressed a desire to work for Congress's victory in Karnataka but without holding any position. He also said it was time the old guard made way for the younger generation.Krishna's resignation completes a recast of the Cabinet Committee on Security set off by Pranab Mukherjee's elevation as president. The new look CCS - the high table in government - will have two new members with home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde having replaced P Chidambaram after the latter took charge of the finance ministry.There was no clarity on who might be the next foreign minister, with choices ranging from Kapil Sibal to Salman Khurshid; the latter being seen by many as the stronger possibility.Jyotiraditya Scindia and Sachin Pilot, both ministers of state, are seen as strong contenders for elevation. Milind Deora is another strong contender for an upgrade while Telugu movie star Chiranjeevi looks set to join the government with at least independent charge of a ministry. Besides Chiranjeevi, Balram Naik and Surya Prakash Reddy are seen as shoo-ins as part of what seems the party's plan to focus on Andhra Pradesh ahead of the Lok Sabha polls.With the resignations Trinamool ministers throwing up half a dozen vacancies, Congress has room to accommodate more people at the junior level. A H Khan Chaudhary is likely to come in as an MoS from West Bengal. There are indications that Pradeep Bhattacharya is also in the running.Sibal is expected to retain telecom with HRD being given to someone else. Sources said the 2G auction and ironing out contentious matters like re-farming of spectrum will need Sibal's attention and he is seen to have the legal acumen to resolve contentious issues.C P Joshi could retain his new charge of railways while roads and highways gets a new minister. With the Congress leadership determined to do away with multiple charges, the additional charge of ministries like earth sciences and science and technology will also be allotted. After the death of Vilasrao Deshmukh, a replacement from Maharashtra is expected.NCP's Tariq Anwar is likely to come in place of Agatha Sangma although the induction of the politician from Bihar cannot be attributed to Maharashtra quota. Rehman Khan could join as minority affairs minister if Khurshid, who hold dual charge along with law, sheds one portfolio.Jayanthi Natarajan, who had looked shaky at the beginning of the month, is likely to continue while Meenakshi Natarajan could join as minister of state.Power minister Veerappa Moily is expected to shed corporate affairs and housing and urban poverty minister Selja Kumari could shed charge of culture.A much speculated revamp of the Congress organization is expected to follow as Rahul moves upfront. This might be heralded by a designation although party insiders say all that the leader needs to do is make himself available more regularly at the AICC headquarters to signal his determination to lead from the front.In government, major legislative measures in HRD dealing with regulation and accreditation have been hanging fire for some time now and may benefit by a fresh approach once Sibal relinquishes his double charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16974906", "title": "Congress: Account for past investors' meets spend", "text": "BHOPAL: Two days before the much-hyped Madhya Pradesh Investors' Meet is scheduled to take off in Indore city, the opposition Congress on Friday raised an accusing finger at the state government levelling serious allegations and questioning the success of earlier industrial summits. State Congress spokesman J P Dhanopia demanded that chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan give an account of how much he has spent on similar industrial summits meets in the past seven years and the amount of public money \"squandered\" on his foreign trips to attract investors to the state.\"Madhya Pradesh government is signing MOUs worth lakhs of crore with industrial houses and giving away exclusive high-priced plots of land at throwaway prices,\" Dhanopia said addressing a press conference at the Congress party office on Friday afternoon. \"How many of these privileged companies that received the red carpet treatment from the state, actually started their factories on the land they have been allotted?'' Dhanopia asked.He explained that over the past one week, the entire government has shifted base to Indore with huge hoardings displaying the chief minister's industrialisation efforts across the state. \"Someone in the government has to be held accountable for the kind of expenditure being incurred to build the chief minister's image. The government needs to give an explanation through a balance-sheet about the amount being frittered away and in exchange the number of jobs have been created for the people of the state,\" he demanded.The Congress spokesman alleged that innumerable MoUs which were signed at the previous investors' meets in Khajuraho, Indore, Jabalpur and Sagar have mostly disappeared.Dhanopia named an industrialist and alleged that there were a dozen fraud cases against the man and his company in Kanpur and yet he was an invitee to the investors' meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973732", "title": "Congress delegation urges Pune Cantonment Board officials to check dengue", "text": "PUNE: A delegation of the Congress party on Thursday urged officials of the Pune Cantonment Board to take preventive steps to check the spread of dengue fever in the area.Members of the delegation, including MP Suresh Kalmadi , city Congress unit chief Abhay Chhajed and MLA Ramesh Bagwe, among others, submitted a memorandum to Lt Gen A K Singh, GOC-in-C, Southern Command, in this regard.The delegation urged the board officials to initiate steps to maintain cleanliness in the area.The leaders said vegetable markets in the cantonment area should be cleaned on a regular basis and garbage should not be allowed to accumulate. Also, steps need to be taken to ensure that there is no stagnation of water.Congress leaders said municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak and other civic officials, who were present at the meeting, agreed to cooperate with the PCB in resolving common issues.Kalmadi said joint efforts should be made to use JNNURM funds for civic and other developmental works in the cantonment area.Bagwe said the dilapidated buildings in the Cantonment area need immediate repairs. \"There is a need to take immediate decision on these buildings. Also, considering the growth of the locality, the issue of increasing FSI needs to be taken up on a priority,\" he said.Though the steering committee of the central government has recommended additional FSI for vertical growth of the city, the Southern Command is firm on keeping the existing FSI in Pune cantonment area as it would lead to congestion.The present FSI rules (one in civil areas and 0.5 in bungalow areas) was imposed in 1984. There have been demands recently that the FSI be increased to two in civil areas and to one in bungalow areas.Chhajed said, \"Singh was positive on the issues raised by the delegation. He has asked his staff to address all the issues discussed in the meeting\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "16976187", "title": "Fire in Tohana school", "text": "FATEHABAD: Goods and assets worth Rs 10 lakhs were destroyed in a fire that broke out in DAV Senior Secondary School, Tohana, on Friday morning. The staff cleaning the premises noticed some smoke and before they could comprehend anything, fire had engulfed the principal's office and adjoining CCTV camera control room. Two fire tenders took three hours to douse the flames.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978849", "title": "Ram Charan\u2019s Nayak audio release on Nov 25", "text": "The audio release of Ram Charan-starrer Nayak will be held on November 25 at Shilpa Kala Vedika in Hyderabad. The film's producers DVV Danayya and Radhakrishna have locked the above date for the audio launch as of now. Nayak, which has recently wrapped up the Kolkata schedule, is now getting ready for another schedule in Hyderabad where a huge erected is being erected at Sarathi Studios.For the first time, Charan will be seen in a dual role in this film, which has Kajal Agarwal as the first female lead. Yesteryear super hit number 'Subhalekha Rasukunna' from megastar Chiranjeevi-starrer Kondaveeti Donga is being remixed in this film and the song was shot on Ram Charan and Amala Paul in Iceland.Thaman is composing the music, Chota K Naidu is the cinematographer and Akula Shiva is providing the story. Nayak is gearing for release on January 9, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16973930", "title": "Two brothers seriously injured in road rage", "text": "NAGPUR: In one more instance of growing road rage in the city, two brothers were assaulted by neighbouring youths at Hiwari Nagar on Thursday evening. The incident took place under the jurisdiction of Nandanvan police station after the accused tried to overtake Umesh Devgade's vehicle and also abused him. Umesh, 26, and his brother Mukesh have been seriously injured and are undergoing treatment at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH).According to complaint lodged by the duo's father, Jaichand, Umesh had just started off from his Hiwari Nagar residence on his bike when Jitendra, Laxman Bhatuwa and two others came on two bikes and tried to overtake him. Umesh asked them to drive carefully and drove away. However, the youths intercepted him at Wathoda and even abused him, Jaichand told cops. This led to heated exchanges between Umesh and others. Slowly, the argument turned into a tussle.Passers-by who witnessed this fight alerted Umesh's family. Within minutes, Mukesh rushed to help his brother but was stabbed by the youths in the stomach. Umesh was also hit on his back. Jaichand rushed his seriously injured sons to GMCH.Police said that since the victims are still critical, their statements could not be recorded. Cops suspect some old rivalry behind the assault.According to police, only overtaking of the bike can't be the reason behind such a violent attack. Cops said they have searched the residence of the accused but everybody is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16974449", "title": "Bihar looks at part govt funding for Ganga Expressway", "text": "New Delhi: With funds-starved road developers staying away from bidding for Ganga Expressway, the Bihar government's dream venture, the state is restructuring the project where two-thirds of the expressway can be built with 100% government funding and the rest by a private developer.\"We have found that road developers are not getting finance from banks. So, if we restructure the project to reduce the cost of each part, we are hopeful of getting bidders,\" Pratyaya Amrit, secretary of road construction department of Bihar said.Though 12 reputed highway developers had pre-qualified for the Rs 2,300 crore project, none of them submitted their financial bid. The project was to be developed on build, operate and transfer (BOT-toll) mode and there was a provision of a maximum 40% financial assistance to make the road viable for the bidders.Now, the state government is considering dividing the expressway to two parts - four-lane surface road of approximately 13 km and another 8 km bridge on the Ganga. While the first portion can be on EPC, the second part would be built on BOT-toll mode.If this happens, then the project cost of the bridge portion would be approximately Rs 800 crore and developers will be able to raise that much finance from banks.The Ganga Expressway, along the banks of the Ganga in Patna , has been modelled on Mumbai's Marine Drive. In August, the state government had approved the Deedarganj to Digha Ghat Ganga Expressway project. It had also prepared the plan to acquire over 200 hectares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16975675", "title": "Dara's family satisfied with court decision", "text": "JAIPUR: Dara Singh's widow Sushila Devi and other family members expressed satisfaction over the Rajasthan high court's decision on Friday. The high court set aside a lower court's order of discharging BJP leader Rajendra Rathore in the case of her husband's encounter case and asked the politician to surrender.Sushila Devi said the order shows how justice always prevails. \"My husband was killed in cold blood. The CBI arrested the culprits. If a court discharged the main accused without going through trial, it is surely a gross injustice to us,\" she said.\"Everyone was shocked how Rathore was discharged during charge-framing,\" Sushila Devi said.Emphasising that she had been battling for justice for the past six years, Sushila Devi said, \"Rathore's arrest was a ray of hope of us. But it soon disappeared as the sessions court discharged the prime culprit.\" Dara Talking to TOI, Dara Singh's brother Sheeshram, said, \"Our family and the witnesses in this case were being threatened by Rathore and his aides and the state government was doing nothing to ensure our safety.\"He further said their decision to file an appeal against the session court order's order that discharged Rathore on May 31 proved fruitful. \"We believed that a case, which is being monitored by the Supreme Court, should be dealt with seriously. At least the person who has been considered the main accused in the case by the investigating agency should be subjected to trial,\" Sheeshram added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16974039", "title": "Cops accused of delaying arrest in hit-n-run case", "text": "NAGPUR: A woman died on Friday morning after being run over by a car driven by an allegedly drunk driver on Thursday evening. The relatives of the woman have alleged that the Sitabuldi police station cops registered an offence against the driver only four hours later, at around midnight. They have also said that by not arresting the car owner as yet, the cops are allowing the drunk driver to weaken the case by delaying the medical test.On Thursday evening, an alleged drunk driver going down the wrong side of the road knocked down 43-year-old woman Sonia Janbandhu in front of the tribal welfare office near RTO. Janbandhu succumbed to her injuries during treatment at a private hospital early on Friday morning.Janbandhu's relatives and neighbours claim the police registered an accident case four hours after the mishap took place. According to a relative, the accident occurred around 7.30pm while the cops registered the FIR around midnight.\"Till 11pm, the incident had just been entered in the station diary. The case was registered only after some of us enquired about it,\" said neighbour Amol Sakhure, who also witnessed the accident. Amol said the car driver hit two more bikes after hitting Janbandhu. The vehicle came to a halt after it climbed over the divider and rammed into an electric pole. He said that as onlookers rushed to help Janbandhu, the driver escaped from the scene. Later, the car (MH-31 AH-1438) was seized by Sitabuldi police.Janbandhu was rushed to a nearby private hospital at Ravi Nagar, where she died during treatment on Friday morning. Sakhure said that around 10pm they went to the police station to check whether the driver had been arrested or any offence registered against him.\"We were surprised to find that the incident was just entered in the station diary. The cops said the incident took place during the day officer's duty, and he will register the case. They asked us to come on Friday morning, when the day officer was to take charge again,\" said Sakhure.Interestingly, Sakhure and a few others helped the cops find the accused driver's address from the RTO office. \"Initially, the police sent us back, saying the RTO office is closed and hence they can't get the address. Later, we contacted the RTO officials and got the driver address,\" he said. As per the RTO information, the car belongs to Gulab Yognarayan Dubey, a resident of Laxmishah Apartment in Tukdoji Nagar, said Sakhure.He alleged that initially police were not even willing to send a constable with them to RTO. Later, despite getting the address, police did not nab the accused. \"The driver was drunk and hence we wanted the cops to arrest him early to catch him in an inebriated condition. But the delay has weakened the case now,\" said a relative.On Friday morning, police changed the accident case to register Janbandhu's death.Denying the allegations by relatives, Senior PI Vivek Joshi said they had filed the case in time. He said that the cops had also gone twice to arrest the accused but he was not present at home. He assured that the driver will be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975882", "title": "Directors housed in dingy lanes", "text": "KOLKATA: The many names from the city that have surfaced in the course of investigation into the funding of BJP president Nitin Gadkari's Purti Power and Sugar Limited are in reality nondescript people, far removed from the corporate world and the class of high profile businessmen.A TOI team found on Friday that the directors of companies like Spatial Dealers, Swiftsol India, Regency Equifin, Nivita Trades - that have substantial stakes in Purti - have offices in some of the dingiest parts of the city.Besides, the offices of these directors are housed in an old, dilapidated building in a dirty, gloomy alley called Kashinath Mallick Lane in North Kolkata. On entering the lane, the first thing you see are clothes and more clothes hanging from ropes everywhere. Evidently, it's a locality of laundry workers.Ankit Chandak, Manoj Chandak and Madanlal Maheswari (Chandak) - the directors of the above-mentioned Purti investor companies - have their offices and homes in this lane. The Chandaks stay on the fourth floor of an old building, which does not even have an elevator. Late on Friday evening, sources said that Madanlal Maheswari had resigned from the board of Nivita Trades.Ankit is director in three firms - Regency Equifin, Spatial Dealers and Update Mercantile - and Manoj is on the board of Neelay Mercantile. Madanlal is in Nivita Trades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974320", "title": "Woman, 2 kids run over by local in Virar", "text": "MUMBAI: A woman and her two minor daughters were run over by a local train while they were crossing railway tracks at Virar on Friday evening. All three died on the spot.According to Praful Kshirsagar, senior inspector, Vasai government railway police, around 5.30pm, the victims were crossing the tracks near platform no. 8 when a Churchgate-Virar local pulled into the platform, running them over.The victims were identified as Sarika Bhonsale (24) and her daughters Aishwarya (9) and Aditi (2).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16976185", "title": "Good Samaritans' identities can't be kept secret: Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: Good Samaritans who rush accident victims to hospital or are the first to report the mishap to police cannot be given protection from disclosure of identity as it would have serious impact on investigation of crimes, the Centre has informed the Supreme Court.The Centre's response came to a PIL by NGO 'SaveLife Foundation', which had sought enactment of a Good Samaritan law to protect first responders to accidents or first informants to police from harassment during investigations, followed by repeated summons to depose during long-winding trial proceedings.In a written submission on behalf of the Union government, additional solicitor general Siddharth Luthra said dispensing with the requirement of disclosure of identity of the first responder was fraught with serious legal consequences and could adversely impact investigations into fatal accidents.\"A probable consequence would be that homicides (murders) could be disguised as road accident cases where the accused could portray himself to be a first informer and decline to give information about his identity and escape liability,\" Luthra said.However, the Centre suggested a way out. It said, \"The court may consider issuing guidelines/directions for treating such witnesses as formal ones from whom evidence could be obtained by way of an affidavit and their examination could be dispensed unless the trial court so ordered.\"During the last hearing on the PIL, the court had said, \"It remains undisputed that it is not insufficiency of law but it is implementation of law which is a matter of concern. Different guidelines including guidelines for ambulance code, emergency care and appropriate directions to hospitals on the highways for handling accident trauma patients as a top priority are stated to have been issued.\"Luthra also informed the court that on October 9, the ministry of home affairs had issued an advisory to all states and Union Territories to train police personnel, special police officers (SPOs) and home guards in first-aid to assist road accident victims.The letter to all directors general of police and commissioners of police of metros said police personnel were often the first to reach the scene of an accident. \"In several cases where ambulances may not be available, or are delayed, it is the police personnel who send the victims to hospital. However, in most cases, police personnel are unable to provide even basic first-aid to the victims due to lack of training in first-aid and lack of first-aid kits,\" the home ministry said.\"The odds of survival will be greatly enhanced if police personnel initiate basic first-aid while waiting for an ambulance to arrive. Such life-saving actions by police, besides providing immediate relief to the victims, will also enhance the image of police as a friendly and life-saving force in your state,\" the ministry letter said.For implementation of the advisory, the Centre urged the Supreme Court to set up an inter-ministerial committee with representatives from ministry of road transport and highways, ministry of law and justice, Bureau of Police Research and Development, ministry of health and family welfare, Delhi Police, AIIMS Trauma Centre, Central Association of Private Security Industry, Border Roads Organization and the petitioner NGO.\"Since the ministry of road transport and highways is the principal department, the committee ought to be headed by an official of the rank of joint secretary of this ministry with a director as an added member,\" the Centre said.Times viewBut how does that leave the investigators any worse off than if there were no such law? Such a person would in the existing situation simply not take the victim to hospital at all. It would become just another hit-and-run case, with the police as much in the dark. The key difference is that without the law, the victim is left to fend for himself; with it the chances are that someone will get him to hospital and perhaps save his life in the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975449", "title": "Spirit of Germany to spice up urban mela", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites passing by the 16th-century Humayun's Tomb on Friday evening were pleasantly surprised to see a different kind of illumination: the Bundesflagge or the German flag projected on the white marble dome along with the Tricolour. The special effect was part of the elaborate arrangements of a special, nine-day festival to celebrate the year of Germany in India and 60 years of India's diplomatic ties with one of the leading countries of the European Union.The 'Indo-German Urban Mela' will start on Saturday at the Indraprastha 'Millennium' Park, Sarai Kale Khan, and will showcase the best of German culture, technology and entertainment. It's believed to be an endeavour to find out means to change cities for the better.A total of 16 pavilions designed by German artist Markus Heinsdorff have been installed at the venue. These have the theme of StadtRaume or 'city spaces' and will hold presentations, conferences and cultural performances hosted by by different German corporations and organizations. A smattering of projects will be featured, too, and will primarily deal with urban problems such as mobility, architecture, energy planning, urban art and cultural infrastructure; a few others will also showcase futuristic projects that stress on environment-friendly technology and reduce Delhi's dependence on fossil fuels. A leading international bank will showcase two such projects: the 'Solar Impulse Project' and 'Windowfarms'. The first is a revolutionary aircraft, while the other is a vertical hydroponic (soilless agriculture) system.A major draw at the mela is likely to be the 'Biergarten', which will serve German beer, salads and frankfurters, Bavarian meatloaf, soft pretzel burger with chicken and many other delicacies. The first event at the mela will be a science slam where young researchers will speak on current topics and link them to urban problems.Parking for the event will be available outside Bhairon Mandir and there will be a free shuttle service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16974211", "title": "JK Asia Series boasts strong Indian presence", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: There is a commendable Indian presence for Round Five of the JK Racing Asia series, running as a support race for the second Indian Grand Prix on Sunday. The JK Racing Asia Series is a championship in the 'junior' Formula class that provides young drivers an opportunity to race on some of the best tracks across the globe.The seven Indians on the grid for are Akhil Khushlani, Aditya Patel, Vishnu Prasad, National karting champions Raj Bharath and Karminder Singh and promising karting drivers Akhil Rabindra and Chetan Korada. While Khushlani and Patel will represent Team US Formula Project, Vishnu Prasad, Raj Bharath, Karminder Singh, Akhil Rabindra and Chetan Korada will be racing for the Indian team Meco Racing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16976271", "title": "Industry owners protest against power tariff hike", "text": "LUCKNOW: Enraged over the hike in power tariff, industry owners staged a state-wide agitation on Friday. The protesting industrialists were especially put off with the state government's attitude as they were not given time by UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to have a discussion over the hike. Unable to meet the CM, the industrialist handed over their representation to officials of the Lucknow district administration. The industrialists alleged that this would lead to escalation in the production cost, which will eventually get passed on to consumers. Moreover, the situation will discourage the industries from getting established in UP.The industrialists demanded that the hike be restricted to only 15% of the overall generation cost. GC Chaturvedi, the president of Vidyut Upbhogta Sangharsh Samiti, comprising members from various industry associations including the Indian Industries Association (IIA), said, \"The industries were ready to pay the increased electricity duty. It is the energy charge, which is a cause of concern. It will push the industries to the brink of closure.\"\"The way in which the energy charge has been increased grossly violates section 8.3(2) of the Electricity Act, which states that the average increase should not be more than 20% of the generation cost. However in case of small-scale industries and heavy industries, the rise has been to the tune of around 38.5% and 30% respectively,\" Chaturvedi said, adding \"this will raise the operational cost by that percentage and this will eventually affect the industrial production to a significant extent. Already some of the electric furnaces in west UP have been shut down because of increased cost of production.The samiti also demanded that the industries be exempted from the fixed and the minimum charge. The UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC), in fact, had been mulling waiving the fixed and the minimum charges. However, it was not so when the new tariff order was announced on October 19. Industries Welfare Association demanded that the electricity duty should be restored to 9 paise per unit as against 7.5% of the energy charge.The protesting industrialists also lamented that the UPERC order to enforce the new tariff retrospectively from October 1, was in complete violation of the Electricity Act. Under section 64(4) of the Electricity Act, the new tariff structure should come into force through a notification issued by the state government after the commission issues the order. But that was not the case when the new tariff was announced by the commission.Members of the Samiti also demanded application of the new tariff structure from November 1. \"The raised energy charge will particularly affect the factories which have already imported or have entered into an agreement to purchase raw material at a certain cost. That will eventually lead to losses given sharp escalation in production cost,\" said Prashant Bhatia, president of Lucknow chapter of Indian Industries Association (IIA).The members said that the state government passed on the burden because of its own inefficiency in recovering revenue and lessening the line losses, which at times had been hovering in the range of around 30-40%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16976363", "title": "Pune blasts linked to Karnataka arrests", "text": "NEW DELHI: The August 1, 2012 Pune serial blasts carried out by the Indian Mujahideen are linked to the recent arrest of 16 terrorists, including a DRDO scientist , in Karnataka who plotted to kill some politicians, Hindu leaders and journalists. Sayed Maqbool, who was recently held for allegedly training the Pune attackers in making bombs, made the revelation.Maqbool, who had hatched a plot along with five IM members for a 'fidayeen attack' on the Bodh Gaya temple to \"avenge atrocities on Muslims in Myanmar \" , is a close associate of Abdul Rauf and Nashrudin, who were arrested for the murder of Gujarat home minister Haren Pandya in 2003. Sources said that Maqbool was contacted by IM members to help them in making bombs. Sleuths of the special cell say that Maqbool was not present in Hyderabad on the day of the Pune blasts but had given training to Shakir and Ahmad who had handled the explosives.Maqbool was also in touch with 16 terrorists, including Muthi-ur-Rahman Siddiqui, a reporter with English daily. The group reportedly was in touch with Lashkar and Harkat-ul-jihad-al-Islami . \"The 16 plotters arrested in Karnataka had been in contact with Saifullah Gauri in Saudi Arabia . They came in touch with Maqbool, who asked them to seek IM help. However,Siddiqui and his friends refused to take help of any outsider group as they wanted to establish their own identity. Maqbool then advised them on how to go about the operation,\" said a top source.Hyderabad, Mumbai on IM hit listThree places in Hyderabad and a few in Mumbai were on the IM's hit list. Maqbool had helped four IM operatives, arrested earlier this month, conduct a reconnaissance of Dilkhush Nagar, Begum Bazar and Abids in Hyderabad, DCP (special cell) Sanjeev Yadav said. Maqbool, the special cell says, became a terrorist after coming in contact with Azam Ghauri, who taught him to make IEDs. Maqbool met Ghauri in 1999 and roped in another accomplice, Roshan Beg, to form a group called Indian Muslim Mohammidd Mujahidin (IMMM). Sleuths say Maqbool's motive behind forming this group was to get rid of his criminal image. The group had three objectives-to put an end to dowry system, fight against corruption and stop screening of pornographic films. The third cause was so dear to him that he planted IEDs at theatres in Hyderabad and Maharashtra which he believed were screening such films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16974369", "title": "Cops, bankers meet to rein in fake money", "text": "TRICHY: To curb the circulation of counterfeit currency, the city police held a consultative meeting with banks here on Friday. Banks were advised to use fake note detecting machines and provide training to cashiers to detect counterfeit notes.The meeting was convened by Trichy police commissioner Shailesh Kumar Yadav. Representatives from State Bank of India and Indian Bank were present. Such meetings were being conducted once every three months as per directions from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). Though the banks are careful about fake currencies which come in by way of cash deposits by customers, sometimes they cannot identify counterfeit currencies. Customers also are not aware of the difference between genuine and fake notes. Later, it can only be found out by RBI.S Sivaraj, assistant commissioner of police, city crime branch (CCB), who also attended the meeting, told TOI, \"In Trichy, there were a few cases of counterfeit currency transactions. Recently, RBI had found out fake currencies in the cash sent from banks in Trichy. Fake currency notes in the denominations of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 are being circulated. We discussed measures to intensify vigil against such fake notes. Sometimes, cashiers cannot identify fake notes. Some banks do not have fake currency note detecting machines. We advised them to have such machines so that it would help easily detect fake notes. Moreover, cashiers should also be given training about fake currency note detection.\"An awareness meeting would be conducted with representatives from all banks shortly, said Sivaraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16975992", "title": "Robbers\u2019 gang busted, 5 arrested", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police have busted a five-member gang of robbers, while they were planning a dacoity. All the accused have been arrested.Additional deputy commissioner police Swapan Sharma said, \"The accused were arrested from Kotwali Area on Wednesday, while they were planning a dacoity. Preliminary investigation revealed that they were also involved in other criminal cases.\"The accused have been identified as Karan Kumar alias Topi of Chanderlok Colony, Sandeep Singh of Sherpur, Uday Bahadur of Nepal, Sandeep Kumar of Kishore Nagar and Mahinder Singh of Ludhiana.DCP added that they also recovered sharp edged weapons, including swords and other weapons, and a bike from the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16974565", "title": "Man booked for 30 lakh plot fraud", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR, citing charges of cheating and fraud, was lodged against a resident of Sector 52, Gurgaon, who allegedly duped a Delhi-based man of Rs 30 lakh on the pretext of selling a plot.According to police, Ashok Kumar Chikkara, a resident of Sector 6, Rohini in Delhi, has filed a case of fraud against a Gurgaon-based property dealer, Mahendra Pal Singh, resident of Green Home, Sector 52, Gurgaon.The victim alleged that the accused showing him a plot and gave him the plot's fake documents at the time of agreement and taken Rs 30 lakh from him.The victim had complained to police two months ago. Later the case was given to the Economic Offences Wing (EOW). Preliminary investigation found the complaint to be true and on the recommendation of the EOW, Sushant Lok police have registered a case against the property dealer. A senior police officer said that they were investigating the matter and the accused would be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16974347", "title": "Body of infant exhumed, DNA to determine parents", "text": "TRICHY: The body of an infant who died on October 22 at the Trichy government hospital and buried, was exhumed by officials on Friday after questions over the child's biological parents were raised.The baby was born in the corporation's Beem Nagar maternity centre on the evening of October 21, and was later transferred to the government hospital where it died the next day. The body was exhumed in the presence of the baby's father Kalimithu, Trichy tashildar Kader Mohideen and Palakkarai police inspector P S Chitra.Dr Ravi Kumar inspected the body and the hip bone and viscera were sent to a Chennai lab for determining the DNA of the baby girl. The incident had created a flutter in the city as the maternity centre had registered the sex of the baby as male, whereas the buried baby was a female. This prompted Kalimuthu to file a police complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16974615", "title": "Wary Wadia moms cling on to babies", "text": "There is a marked difference in the atmosphere of the post-natal caesarean section ward at Nowrosjee Wadia Maternity Hospital, two days after the Naiks' baby was stolen by an unidentified woman. The 30-odd women in the ward sleep with their babies clutched snugly close to themselves rather than putting them in the crib, scared that their children too will be stolen.\"I am scared to leave my baby and go to the washroom at the end of the corridor. I wait till my husband or mother-in-law are near,\" said Sonam Tike, who was in the ward when Jasmin Naik's baby was stolen by a woman on Wednesday.Another woman, whose baby is suffering from jaundice, has to walk to and fro between her cot and the incubator kept at one end of the ward. \"I don't feel like going back to my cot. What if I turn my back for a minute and my baby is taken away? I just hope we get discharged soon. At least my baby will be safe at home,\" she said.The ward is now under better watch than before. There is at least one nurse inside the ward at all times and two sit outside the ward at their posts. The nurses are watchful-especially of outside women found loitering around. \"All sorts of people-including police as well as politicians-have been making trips of the ward since Wednesday. We can't stop anybody from meeting Jasmin. But we keep our eyes open for any suspicious person loitering about. There is only so much we can do in our capacity,\" said a junior nurse on duty.TOI found Jasmin Naik sitting upright on her cot on Friday, compared to previous days when she was lying down, blankly looking at the ceiling. The pain in her abdomen has receded a little, but that of losing her first baby haunts her still. Anguish has replaced the tears on her face as no news of her baby reached her. \"There is still no latch on the ward door. Even when the mothers in this ward need some privacy for sanitary purposes, the doors are not shut, neither are the men told to go out. What kind of security is the hospital talking about when my baby has been taken away?\" asks Jasmin. \"I just want my baby back,\" she cries.Meanwhile, the hospital management has initiated an internal inquiry. \"We are in constant touch with the police and are going to make every effort to help trace the baby,\" said a hospital spokesperson.Times ViewImprove security immediatelyIt's galling that parents have to worry about their babies' safety almost right from the time they are born. The lack of security at maternity wards in even our biggest hospitals says a lot about how much the administration cares for our most important concerns. This incident should serve as a wake-up call for hospitals across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16976219", "title": "Bakrid revelry lifts Lucknow from inflation burden", "text": "LUCKNOW: After Durga Puja and Dusshera, the city now delves into Bakrid festivity on Saturday. The markets were abuzz with revelers on the eve of the festival. While Muslim women went on a shopping spree, men were busy buying animals to be offered as sacrifice on the occasion. TOI tracks the trends in city this Bakrid:Inflation fails to deter buyersSkyrocketing prices of sacrificial animals at makeshift markets near Rumi Darwaza have failed to be a deterrent for devotees. According to animal sellers, while prices have doubled as comparison to last year, sales are up by nearly 25-30%.On Friday, while goat buyers were trying to strike the best deals, sellers came up with innovations to give goats attractive looks. If goat owner had put a garland on the animal's neck, the other sprayed colours on the goat's skin. Some sellers tried selling the goats in pairs where the two looked identical. \"Khoobsurti ka hi to paisa hai (It's all about beauty),'' reasoned a seller in old city market.\"Most of the deals are getting converted. People after a tough bargain are not going empty-handed,'' said Mohd Shabbir, who sold more than 10 goats. He said the minimum cost of a goat this year is Rs 6,000 and goes upto as high as Rs 3.5 lakh. Last year, the cost of goats was between Rs 3,000 and Rs 1.5 lakh.Mohd Younis, a businessman, said, Bakrid comes once a year and there is no cutting off the budget. It is believed that rearing a goat brings blessings and prosperity from the Almighty.''Exports double up costCattle rearers in the city blame the shortage of goats for hike in prices. The crisis is extended with more goats sold to Nepal where it's a ritual to offer sacrifice. \"This year the prices have soared because of export of a large numbers of animals to big cities like Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata and various other parts of the countries,\" said a trader.Attributing high prices of goats and sheep, sellers said the escalating price of fodder has resulted in the hike. \"We spent huge sum on animal-rearing throughout the year. And since this is our only means of livelihood we keep a suitable price for our stock,\" said Mohd Iqbal. \"In addition to green fodder, we feed them chana also. The prices of fodder and chana have become almost double during the last one year,'' said another seller.Goat owners shared that the most-sought after goats are the small or average sized ones which are easy to transport. \"Only a few buy the big, hefty goats. In most cases, where one goat is bought, it is a big one. But majority of the buyers prefer average size goats,'' said a goat seller.Last minute rush in AminabadOn the eve of Bakrid, streets of Aminabad and Nazirabad were jam-packed with revelers. Muslim women were seen doing the last minute shopping. From clothes to artificial jewellery to fancy footwears, there was space for all. While embroidery suits ruled the women's heart, it was chikan kurta and pyjama for men. Excitement soared among children as they eagerly waited for Eidi.\"Every year, I keep aside money to celebrate Bakrid. It's a festival of sacrifice and joy. We buy new clothes and visit our relatives and neighbours,'' said Fatima Naqvi, a housewife. To add fervour, sewain, a delicacy on Bakrid is offered by most of the Muslims. \"Eid and Bakrid without sewain is incomplete. In fact, many of my Hindu friends visit my home particularly on Bakrid and Eid just to eat sewain,'' said Rafique, a working professional.Tradition of sharing sacrificeAlthough the price rise has not deterred people from performing the ritual mandatory for those who can afford it, some have resorted to Ijtimai Qurbani (sharing sacrifice) in order to save some money. For instance, it is permissible for seven persons to share the sacrifice of a camel on the condition that no one's share is less than one-seventh and their intention is to offer 'qurbani'.Sunni cleric Maulana Irfan Farangi Mahali says, \"God does not need the flesh. The ritual, which was supposed to be performed with spiritual zeal, has, unfortunately, lost its purpose because of the pomp and show.\"Legend behind BakridThe legend says that the Almighty put his devotee Abraham's love for Him to test. Abraham loved his son Ismail more than another worldly thing. Knowing this, the Allah wanted to test Abraham's loyalty. So, he appeared in Abraham's dreams and ordered him to sacrifice his son.With a heavy heart, Abraham took his son to Mount Mina near Mecca to execute the Allah's order. Abraham blindfolded himself to control his sentiments. As Ismail was about to be sacrificed, Allah's angel replaced the boy with a calf. When Abraham opened his eyes he saw the angel who disclosed the holy will.Since then, it became a tradition in Islam to sacrifice goats on Bakrid. The sacrifice, ritualistically, is divided into three equal parts. The first is for the underprivileged, second for neighbours and relatives, and the third for the family. The festival, which coincides with annual haj pilgrimage, is celebrated every year on 10th of Zil Haj -- the last month of Muslim lunar calendar. Muslims believe that a sacrificed goat is a reflection of one's own spiritual sacrifice and see it as essential for achieving communion with Allah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16975026", "title": "CCTV cameras to spy on teachers in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Like shoppers at malls and passengers at airports, students and teachers in classrooms are being monitored from close quarters. Video surveillance has moved from being used just for security reasons to keeping tabs on lecturers and their quality of teaching.Colleges, both private and government, are using CCTV cameras to monitor not just students but also lecturers. While some of the colleges are using it to keep a check on students and their wayward ways, others are using it monitor lecturers' performances.Women's Degree College and Oxford Degree College have installed 36 CCTVs each on their campuses covering all classrooms.Most colleges already have CCTV cameras in their libraries. Colleges are spending Rs three to Rs four lakh to install them.Ashok Shettar, principal, BVB Engineering College and Anand Mulagund, J G College of Commerce, said: \"In a couple of months, our college campuses too will have CCTV cameras. Students are more disciplined ever since we installed them in the libraries.\"Prof Asha P, principal, Women's Degree College, said that they are monitoring how students behave in classrooms and how classes are conducted.\"We are also keeping a close watch on students during examinations to ensure transparency. It is helping us to take immediate action to improve the system and also keep an eye on outsiders who come to our college,\" she added. Rajshekhar Patted, librarian, Oxford College, says he has seen marked changes in students' behaviour with the installation of close circuit TVs. \"They attend classes regularly after we installed cameras on campus,\" he added. There are nearly 48 PU colleges in Hubli. The city has around 23 degree colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973682", "title": "Sweetlime farmers to face Rs 210 crores of loss", "text": "PUNE: The sweetlime plantations, grown on over 7,000 hectares, in the state will hardly bear any fruit in winter due to water scarcity caused by inadequate rainfall this year. The estimated loss is close to Rs 210 crore, said a senior official from state horticulture department.The state horticulture department has compiled details of damage caused to sweetlime orchards due to shortage of water. Maharashtra is one of the major producers of sweetlime in the country.The farmers are dependent on monsoon rain to irrigate the plantations during a major part of the season, and in subsequent months make arrangements through irrigation canals. This year, inadequate rainfall led to severe water shortage and farmers were not able to make any alternative arrangement, the official said.\"The shortage of rainfall will affect fruit yield. Though some farmers spent money on irrigating the plantations through other sources, such as hiring tankers to water the trees, it increased their input cost. The inadequate rain has reduced moisture level in the soil and resultant heat will adversely impact sweetness of the fruit. In some cases, the size will be small, which will not bring good returns in the market for the farmers,\" said the official.The details regarding damage to sweetlime have also been submitted to the state government, the officials added. Usually 20 tonne sweetlimes are harvested per every acre and the fruit attracts price in the range of Rs 15,000 to Rs 25,000 per tonne.Sweetlimes are cultivated mostly in barren areas, where the soil does not have high water retention capacity. Most such areas in the state are in low rainfall regions. This year, the situation worsened as it rained very poorly in low rainfall areas, said a report of the state horticulture department.The report will be submitted to the state government, which after studying it will decide about the compensation, said the officials from the horticulture department.Districts such as Ahmednagar, Nashik, Aurangabad, Jalna and Beed have reported maximum losses to the plantations. The officers have also provided details of farmers, their borrowings from the banks and how much agricultural land was mortgaged as guarantee while taking loan. These details will make a strong case for seeking government aid, officials said.More info :-Land used for plantation and average yield in normal circumstancesDistArea (ha) Production (tonne)Jalna 20,000 4,80,000Aurangabad10,4581,46,412Beed 1,34913,220Figures of Ahmednagar and Nashik were not available", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16979570", "title": "Akshara in Thuppakki", "text": "The latest reports say that model-turned-actor Akshara Gowda has signed up for Vijay's Thuppakki, as she admires the director of the film, AR Murugadoss. The actress reportedly said that she did the film, only to gain the experience of working with Murugadoss. The actress also says that she has a comedy scene along with the lead cast, Vijay and Kajal Aggarwal. She also added that her presence should be credited as a 'special appearance' rather than part of the cast. Akshara will also be seen in the Hindi version of the Sasikumar-starrer Naadodigal , directed by Priyadarshan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "16975418", "title": "Balakrishna gives TDP chief's 'Vastunna Meekosam' a leg-up", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: Rumours that all was not well between him and his brother-in-law Chandrababu Naidu were proved wrong as actor Balakrishna met him at Amaravayi in Mahbubnagar district on Friday. While hundreds of fans thronged to have a glimpse of him, Balakrishna performed special pujas at the local Lakshmi Venkateswara temple for the success of TDP chief's ongoing padayatra.The actor was conspicuous by his absence when Naidu set out on his padayatra in Hindupur on October 2. Earlier it was speculated that he would meet Naidu in Kurnool district and when he did not join the yatra, rumours spread that Balakrishna was not getting along well with Naidu. The actor's meeting with Naidu on Friday assumed significance though he expressed no intention to undertake the padayatra himself or join it. \"I will not be able to take part in the padayatra at present. I will take a call at a later stage,\" the actor said. He was all praises for Naidu for his determination to go ahead with the padayatra despite suffering from severe cramps and body pains. He said the padayatra has been successful and the blessings of people would act as 'Sri Rama raksha (protection)' to Naidu.He urged the people to support Naidu as it was for them he took up the yatra and not for power. It may be recalled Naidu remained silent when asked about Balakrishna joining him during the padayatra. \"We were disappointed as he did not make his presence felt in Hindupur when Naidu launched the yatra. But we are happy that Balaiah has come and made a token appearance. It is a morale booster for the party cadres,\" a party activist said. Party workers are also hoping that actor Junior NTR, who has been staying away from the party activities, would join the padayatra sometime in future.In fact, Balakrishna's show in Mahbubnagar district on Friday was his first public appearance in more than 2-3 months. In July he announced his arrival by declaring that he would be taking an active role in the party affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975125", "title": "Centre offers vasectomy reversal to willing Red ultras", "text": "New Delhi: Concerned over the widespread practice of forced sterilization on armed Maoist cadres as part of a CPI (Maoist) strategy to make them battle-ready in perpetuity, the government has decided to offer vasectomy reversal to arrested and surrendered Naxalites who were made to undergo the \"crude\" sterilization procedure.The Union home ministry has, in an advisory to the nine Left-wing extremism-hit states sent this month, asked the latter to address the issue of forced vasectomy conducted on lower/tribal cadres of the People's Liberation Guerrilla Army (PLGA) \u2014 the military wing of Red ultras \u2014 within the ambit of the surrender-cum-rehabilitation policy. Drawing the states' attention to the Maoist pre-condition of compulsory vasectomy for marriage between the cadres fighting for military companies, platoons and dalams, the Centre has advised the states to facilitate reversal surgeries of willing insurgents, the cost of which must be borne by the government. \"There is need to ascertain the status of the surrendered/arrested Maoist cadres, and wherever necessary, facilitate their return to normal family life...since most of the sterilization surgeries are conducted in a crude manner by local quacks, if the reversal operation has to be done in a higher medical centre, the government should bear the costs,\" states the Central advisory.The identity and addresses of the Maoists who avail of the vasectomy reversal operation must not be disclosed, it adds.Simultaneously, the administrations of Naxal-affected districts have been asked to step up awareness among tribals and Maoist cadres \u2014 both through the government machinery and NGOs \u2014 that vasectomy is reversible.The purpose of offering cost-free reversal surgeries to sterilized Maoist cadres is dual: it will not only help the Maoist return to a normal family life and have children but will also act as a disincentive for the arrested/surrendered cadres from returning to the party fold.The government has also asked the state administrations to widely publicize the fact that vasectomy can be reversed, that too safely and with successful results. It has suggested that apart from the government machinery, NGOs be drafted to carry this message to the Maoist cadres. The Centre has especially cautioned the states to handle the issue with \"sensitivity\".Only recently, two surrendered CPI (Maoist) cadres underwent vasectomy reversal surgery in Chhattisgarh.Forced sterilization on lower armed cadres of the PLGA have been a practice for years. Maoist leadership reasons that vasectomy keeps male cadres battle-fit in perpetuity and forecloses the option of an alternate family life away from the party fold. Incidentally, though female Maoists are spared surgery as a permanent birth-control measure, they are forced to go on birth-control pills to avoid pregnancy. Past raids on Naxal hideouts have yielded dumps of such birth-control pills.Force birth-control has led to some resentment among the cadres, besides pushing them to surrender in certain cases. Around 1,980 cadres have surrendered since 2007, with 380 surrenders being clocked this year (until October 15).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974589", "title": "Engineer freezes in factory tank", "text": "CHENNAI: A 22-year-old trainee engineer died on Friday after inhaling nitrogen in a tank at a valve-manufacturing factory in Manapakkam near Porur.Around 8am, police said, Karuppuswamy of Tirunelveli, who had joined the company just three months ago, went to the nitrogen tank to check the temperature. His colleagues Visu Balan and Devaraj were with him when he entered the tank.When he failed to come up after a while, the two went down and found him frozen to death. They tried to recover his body and were injured in the process. Other employees took them to MIOT hospital where the two are in the ICU.Police registered a case of unnatural death and are investigating.They are also looking into details of the safety norms in place at the factory. The post mortem report is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16977653", "title": "Neethane Enn Ponvasantham", "text": "Romance though is strewn around all over the year, a particular day is marked as the day for the lovers... February 14th , the Valentine's day is marked as lover's day ...named after the priest who stood for love ...though it was celebrated year after year with gaiety and colour....This year it had been preponed.The modern priest for love in celluloid Director Gautham Vasudev Menon who had already in conjure with the maestro Ilayaraja had been floating the air with the true anthems of love with his film Neethaane Enn Ponvasantham now popularly referred as NEP has completed the shooting and the project is all set to hit the screens on December 14th.This romantic flick which had captured the various section of people's mind vide music, colourful promotions and the freshness of a new pair will bring the same joy , passion and fun of a valentine's day .It is no co incidence that this film is being released during the period of music December. The mere imagination of love, music, visuals and winter together tells a classic tale. Though N E P is released in the fag end of the year 2012 one can vouch that it will leave a lingering and long memories in the minds of film goers and the general public too!The production team headed Elred Kumar, Jayaram of R.S. Infotainment,Venky and Reshma of Photon Kathaas and the director Gautham Vasudev Menon are all geared up to make this the release of the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16976335", "title": "Dengue spreads tentacles in Bokaro, toll touches 4", "text": "BOKARO: The district administration is on high alert as four persons have died of dengue during the past three weeks and 10 new cases have been reported in the past few days.As many as 61 dengue cases were reported in this season so far.Nine patients are undergoing treatment at the Bokaro General Hospital (BGH). \"Their condition is said to be critical,\" said a BGH official. The outbreak of dengue has become a major cause of concern for the residents here.Doctors of the district health department and other hospitals have geared up to provide treatment to the affected people. On Friday, a team of the department sprayed mosquito repellant in the town and Chas areas.The Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL) is also conducting anti-larva treatment in its townships as a precautionary measure. The dengue cases were mostly reported from Sector-II, IX, XII, Bahrra and Chas areas. The company and the health department are taking steps to control the outbreak of the disease in these areas.The deceased persons have been identified as Jyoti Kumari, the resident of Sector-II/A, Arvind Kumar Banswar, the resident of Sector-IV/E, Sujita Kumari, the resident of Sector-II/A. Industrialist Sri Ram Jain, 74-year-old, also died in a Kolkata hospital on October 23 after he was referred there.Dengue fever is an infection spread by aedes mosquitoes. Bokaro civil surgeon S N Tewary has appealed to the residents to throw the accumulated water from the container, coolers, earthen jars, metal drums, old tyres and other areas which can be possible breeding sites for mosquitoes. \"The residents should use mosquitoe repellants to keep mosquitoes at bay,\" he said.Sources said patients were mostly rushing to the BGH finding the hospital has testing kits and other facilities available. The patients are being kept separately in a ward. The government hospitals, however, witness no patients as it lacks necessary medical facilities for dengue patients. Tewary said there were no patients reported from government hospitals across the district. The figure of dengue patients has been collected from the BGH. \"There is no death occurred from dengue in the district.\"BSL chief of communication Sanjay Tiwari said till date 61 patients were detected with dengue in BGH in the past few months. Presently, nine patients are admitted to the hospital. \"The BSL is taking precautionary move to safeguard residents. Anti-larva treatment has begun and fogging on streets will begin soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16975082", "title": "Fogging to combat dengue in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: With the number of suspected dengue and malaria cases touching 151 and 441, respectively, in Gautam Budh Nagar, a concerned health department in association with Noida Authority has directed officials to strictly carry out fogging and take urgent steps to contain mosquito breeding. Rapid Response Teams are doing rounds for prevention and monitoring of dengue and other vector-borne diseases.Though the district health department claims that confirmed dengue cases total only 18, private hospitals claim that the number of patients coming to them are much higher than the figure stated by the government. \"We are getting a lot of positive cases now and expect it to continue till the end of this month as the weather is conducive for mosquito breeding. There is, as yet, no vaccine to protect people from dengue and the only way to prevent the virus transmission is to take precautions against mosquitoes,\" said a private hospital doctor.Last month private hospitals were issued notices asking not to declare any dengue case on their own. \"Only after a patient has been verified by the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme in Delhi will a case of dengue be declared,\" said Dr RK Garg, CMO, district hospital.Stepping up efforts, the health departments of Noida and Greater Noida authorities have put in place anti-larval measures. Residents have been roped in to spread awareness and report mosquito breeding sites. \"We are working hard to destroy breeding sites. Eight teams have started conducting surveys to find out patients in the district. When a person suffering from vector-borne disease is detected, the teams will identify waterlogged places and probable mosquito breeding sites and destroy them by spraying anti-larval medicine,\" said Noida's PE (health). \"Two project engineers of the department and five health inspectors are also inspecting the district to spray drains, storm water drains and any place with still water,\" he said.The department has also constituted six teams comprising health workers to initiate fogging in a scheduled manner. \"We are taking steps to ensure that breeding of mosquitoes is kept to a minimum. Bicycle mounted fogging machines are spraying anti-larval medicine in 12 different areas every day. An additional 14 teams are also conducting the operation in rural and slum areas,\" the official said.Several teams from the department are also holding camps to create awareness among people. \"Our teams are also educating people about the importance of treating the disease well in time,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16974367", "title": "Residents in Trichy protest quality of roads", "text": "TRICHY: The people of Crawford on Friday performed a mock planting of paddy seedlings on a slushy main road to draw the attention of the authorities to potholed roads. The planting of seedlings was part of a road block agitation that was carried out by the people as they complained that repeated requests to repair the road had fallen on deaf ears.The pathetic condition of the Anbu Nagar Road, through which traffic had been diverted following the closure of the Crawford-Edamalaipattipudur section of the Madurai Road recently to facilitate construction of a road overbridge, has made commuting a trying experience for residents in Crawford and Edamalaipattipudur areas in the city.As a result, traffic was diverted via Anbu Nagar which runs up to the State Bank colony on the other side after the highways department made some temporary repairs to the Anbu Nagar Road. But the road has taken a severe battering following the recent rains and it suddenly meant back-breaking rides through the slushy roads, especially for two-wheeler riders.With the road overbridge scheduled to be completed only by mid-2013, locals demanded that the highways department carry out permanent repairs on the alternative route, which is used by a large number of residents of colonies on either side of Crawford and Edamalaipattipudur, but to no avail. Angry women on Friday started planting seedlings as though it was a plantation field. The slush on the road added to the drama. The Edamalipattipudur police rushed to the spot following a traffic jam and asked the people to disperse. The people refused to comply and quarrelled with the police. Even the threat of arrest did not deter them from continuing their protest.Later, corporation officials accompanied by officials of the highways department assured the people that the road in question would be re-laid without any delay, after which the people dispersed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16979503", "title": "Mighty Sydney look to hit Lions for a six in CLT20 finale", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Invincible so far in the competition, Sydney Sixers are firm favourites for the title but South Africa's enterprising Highveld Lions would look to upset the Australian powerhouse's applecart when the two sides clash in the Champions League Twenty20 final on Sunday.Sydney won each of their five matches -- including four group stage games -- to be considered by far the best team to take the field in the competition.Despite losing the services of their match-winner, prolific all-rounder Shane Watson, Sydney were strong enough for the Mumbai Indians in their final Group fixture and their semifinal clash against the Titans even though it was a close shave last night.The unavailability of Watson is certainly a big blow for Sydney Sixers, given that a winner's cheque of USD 2,500,000 rides on this match.Watson, incidentally, was a key figure when Sydney beat the Lions in a low-scorer during the group stage earlier in the tournament.However, the Australian outfit will not be too concerned, given they have several players who have been in good touch.Skipper Brad Haddin has been consistently among the runs. Michael Lumb too has been in outstanding form, having scored in every outing.In Moises Henriques and Steve Smith, the Sixers have two players in their middle order who are contributing regularly.But a few chinks in the armour were left exposed by the last-ball last night's win over Titans during which Smith and Haddin failed to add anything significant.Sydney's bowling has been impressive with Mitchell Starc being the leading wicket-taker. In Pat Cummins, the Sixers have another strike bowler, while the likes of Moises Henriques and Josh Hazlewood have been very effective in the middle overs.However, the attack did leak crucial runs in the death overs of the clash against Titans.\"Our running between the wickets could probably improve. I think our first 16 over were brilliant but our death bowling let us down (but) we have to give credit to their batsmen, (David) Wiese and (Henry) Davids were whacking the ball so, (we could) probably (work on) the death bowling and not losing wickets consistently,\" feels Cummins.The Lions, on the other hand, would be happy to start as underdogs as it would ease the pressure on them.Opening batsman, Gulam Bodi, is the team's top run-getter in the competition. The Lions will be banking on him to get them off to a good start.Neil McKenzie too has been among the runs but he would need to convert his starts into match-winning performances. Quinton de Kock, who was tipped as one of the players to watch in the days leading up to the tournament, would also aim to come good on Sunday.On the bowling front, the Lions have quite an ace up their sleeve in the form of left-arm spinner Aaron Phangiso.He is the Lions' leading wicket-taker and has bowled beautifully. Phangiso, in fact, tops the list of Lions' wicket-takers accounting for 30 scalps in 33 T20 games for his team.The Lions will also bank on the home support they are likely to enjoy to outwit Sydney, a team which has looked unstoppable all through the event.Teams (from):Sydney Sixers: Brad Haddin (captain/keeper), Pat Cummins, Josh Hazlewood, Moises Henriques, Michael Lumb, Nathan McCullum, Nic Maddinson, Ian Moran, Peter Nevill, Steve O'Keefe, Ben Rohrer, Steven Smith, Mitchell Starc, Dominic Thornely.Highveld Lions: Alviro Petersen (captain), Temba Bavuma, Gulam Bodi, Zander de Bruyn, Quinton de Kock, Neil McKenzie, Pumelela Matshikwe, Chris Morris, Dirk Nannes, Ethan O'Reilly, Aaron Phangiso, Dwaine Pretorius, Sohail Tanvir, Jean Symes, Thami Tsolekile (wicketkeeper).Match starts at 9 pm (IST).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974504", "title": "Gold dealers soft targets for robbers", "text": "CHENNAI: As gold prices shoot through the roof, pawnbrokers and gold dealers have become a prime target for both violent robbers and burglars. With the yellow metal fetching more than every before, and the relative ease with which the loot can be fenced, there has been a rise in cases of professional criminals striking at jewellery and pawn shops in Chennai and across the state.Robbers have killed two pawnbrokers in Chennai this year, robbed three others and burgled the shops and houses of more than a dozen jewellers, leaving gold dealers rattled and fearful about their safety. The meticulous planning and effortless execution of the robberies, some during peak business hours, has demolished all belief that police have their backs covered, jewellers say.Fort-Tondiarpet Pawnbrokers Association secretary R Kaluram said police appear to be several steps behind the criminals. \"Worse, whenever a jeweller or pawnbroker lodges a complaint, policemen refuse to register correct value of the valuables lost,\" he said.\"They usually undervalue the jewellery robbed and say this is because the recovery process is difficult. Sometimes they claim that the victims do not have documentary proof that robbers made away with a certain amount of gold,\" he said. Kaluram said, the association has asked pawnbrokers to look after their own security. \"We have instructed pawnbrokers to install CCTV cameras in their outlets. We also insist they close their shops as early as possible.\"Police say jewellers and pawnbrokers have not equip8ped their shops with CCTV cameras despite a string of robberies. \"In many cases, robbers take the gold and flee without noticing that security cameras have recorded their images,\" additional deputy commissioner of police S Jeyakumar said. Police officials say many complaints are fake, and some jewellers file complaints to evade paying taxes.Senior police officers say some robbers in the city these days appear to be burglars who want to steal a large stash of gold jewellery at one go instead of through a series of break-ins that is much more risky. They say gold jewellery is easy to conceal, carry and sell. On Thursday, a pawnbroker's assistant, was murdered by robbers in a pawn shop in Madipakkam. On April 14, 2012, a robber killed pawnbroker B Gunaram and escaped with jewellery from his shop in Maduravoyal. Police arrested Ramajayam, an unemployed engineer, for the crime.On July 15, two men on a motorbike made away with a bag full of gold ornaments reportedly weighing 6.5kg from a shop owned by pawnbroker Padamchand in Sriperumbudur.In September, a pawnbroker lodged a complaint that two men on a motorcycle robbed him of 50 sovereigns of gold jewellery, and in August, a four-man gang escaped with 5.5kg of gold jewellery from an outlet in Peerkankaranai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975434", "title": "Kidnapped boy rescued, 3 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A three-year-old boy who was kidnapped from Azadpur in northwest Delhi two weeks ago has been rescued from Bihar . Police said the kidnapper knew the boy's father and owed him Rs 20,000. Pressed by the father to repay the loan, the man carried out the kidnapping and demanded a ransom of Rs 10 lakh. However, police claimed, no ransom was paid to restore the child to its family.Deputy commissioner of police (northwest) P Karunakaran, who supervised the rescue, on Friday said three people, including the mastermind Pankaj (23), had been caught. While one of them is a minor and cannot be named, the third has been identified as Rajesh Rishi (34).On October 13, Ghanshyam Bhagat, a supplier of groceries, reported that his son had not returned home from the market. A neighbor informed him that he had seen the boy with Pankaj and the teenager. Police could not contact Pankaj as his phone was switched off. During investigation they learnt that Bhagat and Pankaj were distant relatives, and Pankaj had owed Bhagat some money.A police team first visited Ludhiana hoping to find Pankaj at a relative's house. But they were informed that their quarry had reached Madhepura in Bihar. \"After camping there for several days, our team recovered the child from the house of Pankaj's friend Rajesh,\" Karunakaran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16975299", "title": "Caught bashing youths, cop hits photographer", "text": "NOIDA: The use of excessive force by policemen in Uttar Pradesh is nothing new, but a Noida constable drunk with power crossed all limits on Friday and thrashed a photojournalist of a leading Hindi daily while he was trying to do his job.The incident occurred at the Sector 1 police post where policemen were brutally beating up four youths and the photojournalist from Navbharat Times started clicking their photographs.The victim, Khalid Khan, said that he was taking photographs near the Sector 1 roundabout when he spotted a police van chasing a Hyundai Verna car occupied by four youngsters. \"The police van overtook the car and stopped it. They then asked the youths to step out. As soon as the four car occupants came out, the policemen thrashed them, loaded them in their van and took them to the Sector 1 police post. I started taking photographs of the entire proceedings,\" Khan said.\"Meanwhile, a constable, Vijender, spotted me and told the station officer Arun Kumar Singh that I was clicking photographs. The enraged station officer came towards me and snatched my camera. He then threatened me with dire consequences saying that I was interrupting official government work. I then decided to call my colleagues and took out my mobile phone, which was promptly snatched out of my hands by the SO. The officer then started going towards the police post and I followed him, pleading that he return my camera and phone. But the constable intervened and started abusing and slapping me,\" Khan added.As the news spread among mediapersons, they staged a protest against the police brutality. Later, a delegation met the SSP Gautam Budh Nagar who immediately suspended the constable Vijender and assured to take department action against the SO after the F1 event got over.Times viewThe policemen in this case are doubly guilty. They should not havebeen resorting to violence against the youth in the first place. Having been caught in the act of doing so, they compounded their guilt by assaulting the photographer who was only doing his duty in capturing shots of their assault on the youth. This kind of wanton violence and intimidation of the media must be dealt with severely by the police. It is not enough to suspend the errant cops or give them a punishment posting. A case must be filed against them for assault and they must be prosecuted vigorously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975839", "title": "Buses feel the diesel pinch, go off roads", "text": "KOLKATA: Bus operators had cut short their strike before the Pujas in the hope that the fare will be revised once the festive season is over. But there seems to be no solution in sight. Rise in the price of diesel by 18 paise per litre from Thursday night has added to their woes. Reeling under acute losses, private operators are now being forced to withdraw a major share of their non-viable fleet from city roads.The five transport PSUs (public sector utilities) are no better. The cumulative loss of these state-run buses has gone up by Rs 3 crore, post the fuel price hike. With more buses staying off roads after the Pujas, commuters are at the receiving end.\"We managed to put the maximum number of buses on the road since we had promised the chief minister that we will provide best services to the people. But now, majority of the operators has exhausted their resources to run buses any further. The number of buses is hence dwindling. If the CM doesn't intervene, it will become worse in the days to come,\" said Tapan Banerjee of the Joint Council of Bus Syndicates.\"The crisis can assume serious proportions if this situation continues, where the entire transport system has become unviable and unsustainable. If there is a sudden exodus from the trade, it will be difficult to fill up the void. People are stuck to the trade due their long association and lack of alternative options. But the young and energetic operators will leave the trade at the very first chance. The trade will lose its vitality considerably,\" said transport economist Arnab Bose.A private bus earns Rs 5,500 per day, while its expenditure has gone up to Rs 7233 daily. Operators hence feel keeping buses idle is a better option. \"There won't be any income if we keep buses off roads. But there will not be any loss either,\" said an operator.The condition of state-run buses is even worse. Two city-based transport PSUs - CSTC and CTC - have their fuel bill up by Rs 95 lakh per month. While the fuel bill of South Bengal State Transport Corporation (SBSTC) has gone up by Rs 40 lakh per month, that of the North Bengal State Transport Corporation (NBSTC), is up by Rs 60 lakh per month. The bill for the West Bengal Surface Transport Corporation (WBSTC) has risen by Rs 10 lakh. The cumulative rise in fuel cost alone is Rs 3 crore, said a transport department official.\"It is true that we have been receiving the government subsidy (nearly Rs 600 crore annually). But the new government has made it clear that this subsidy business will not continue for long. So this extra subsidy of Rs 3 crore per month, on and above Rs 50 crore gross subsidies per month, to our five PSUs is a major cause of concern,\" said a CTC officer. Fare revision would have mitigated this extra loss of revenue, he added.Transport PSUs have hence kept aside its fuel-guzzling buses, particularly, JnNURM ones and old buses, to curtail costs. The result is a drastic reduction in number of government buses. \"If the government needs to revise the fare, let the government do it without any fuss. It is already very difficult to find a place in buses during the morning and evening peak hours.If the public transport system collapses, the state's economy will be hit hard,\" said Sayantani Dasgupta, an economic analyst with a consumer affair NGO.If the non-revision of fare has left the private buses bleeding resulting into withdrawal a major share of its non-viable fleet from the city roads, worse are the government run buses. Because of the fuel-price rise (Rs 5.87 in Kolkata) the cumulative loss for five transport PSUs (public sector utilities) has gone by about Rs 3 crore by a month. The rise of diesel price by 18 paisa per liter from Thursday midnight is a further blow to this already moribund transport economy of the state. Both the private operators and officials five transport PSUs have agreed that fare revision is, perhaps, the one and only solution to the imminent crisis.People are at the receiving end. After the puja buses are suddenly scarce on the road. \"We managed to put maximum number of buses on the road as we had promised to the Chief Minister to give our best services to people. But now majority of the operators have exhausted their resources to run buses any further. So the number of buses is fast dwindling. In coming days, it will be worse, if the CM does not intervene into the issue immediately,\" said Tapan Banerjee of Joint council of bus syndicates.\"The crisis can assume serious proportion if this situation continues, where the entire transport system has become unviable and unsustainable. If suddenly, there is an exodus from the trade, it would be difficult to fill up the void. People are stuck to the trade due their long association and absence of alternative options. But the young and energetic operators will leave the trade at the first the first chance. The trade will lose its vitality considerably,\" said transport economist Arnab Bose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975770", "title": "No shradh for Sunil Gangopadhyay, says family", "text": "KOLKATA: Sunil Gangopadhyay's son Souvik made it clear on Friday that there won't be any Shradh ceremony for the author.\"My father never believed in this. In fact, such events were never encouraged in our family. What we plan to do instead is organize a remembrance meeting that will be attended by all who were close to my father. We are fixing the location for this meeting that may be held sometime next week,\" he said.Souvik - a well established IT professional in Boston - was ready to share some of his childhood memories of his father with TOI on Friday. Being the son of a literary genius like Sunil Gangopadhyay meant that family life was slightly different from other children he went to school with.\"School was no different, but for me, family life was not the same. We didn't get to go out together as other families do. There would always be a lot of people at home, who would be talking to my father. Many of them would be my father's friends while others would come to invite him to various functions. I left home even before completing high school but things in the family remained the same. Even when my father visited me in the US, there would be several visitors. He had many friends in the US but these visitors were different. They would want to take him to different programmes like book release ceremonies. I know of an author who got a book released at four different places and wanted my father to be present everywhere. Book release ceremonies are in great fashion nowadays, it seems,\" Souvik said.Initially, Gangopadhyay would spend a couple of months every year with Souvik in the US. The period of stay went up after Souvik's son was born in 2006. \"The attachment between my parents and my son went up as time progressed. All this happened so suddenly that it wasn't possible for me to bring my family. I will return to Boston with my mother. I can't say how long she will remain there. That is up to her. I would want her to get over the shock before returning to India though,\" he said.The author's attachment with his son became clear from a diary item that he got published recently. In it, Gangopadhyay has mentioned how Swati coped with the separation from son Puplu (Souvik). Dhananjay Boyra, who was the author's personal secretary till his death on Tuesday, also recounted how he had first witnessed grief on Gangopadhyay's face for the first time as Souvik was leaving for Boston.\"I had never seen Dada sad or angry. However, on the day Puplu left for the US, things were different. They had also insisted that I accompany them to the airport as I and Puplu had grown up together. When he finally entered the security zone, I could notice grief on the faces of Dada and Boudi,\" Boyra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16976103", "title": "Avian flu kills 3,400 turkeys at Bangalore unit", "text": "BANGALORE: The scare of bird flu looms over Bangalore after 3,481 turkeys died reportedly of the disease at a Hesaraghatta farm last week.The incident was reported from the Central Poultry Development and Organization (CPDO) on the city outskirts. After samples of dead birds sent to the High Security Animal Disease Laboratory at Bhopal tested positive for Type A Influenza ( H5N1), authorities culled 784 more turkeys to check the disease from spreading.The government has banned the sale of eggs and poultry items in the 10km radius of CPDO. Bangalore is already in the grip of a garbage crisis and there is a spike in the incidence of dengue, chikungunya and gastroenteritis.Aravind Jannu, principal secretary, state animal husbandry department, said: \"The CPDO also houses chicken, emu and duck units, which have been declared safe by the authorities. We are investigating the reason for the spread of the virus. It seems to be in the air this season; also, it could be related to secondary infection among birds.\"Two more samples sent for tests on October 22 and 24 tested negative. Jannu said: \"Areas within 1km of CPDO have been declared affected and those in 10km are on alert. Police have cordoned off the area and asked poultry farm owners to control the movement of their birds.\"As a precautionary measure, the government formed 25 rapid response teams which will visit all 68 villages around Hesaraghatta and educate people about the virus.Teams fan out to educate breedersWith the death of 3,481 turkeys due to avian flu at a Hesaraghatta farm last week, the government formed 25 teams to educate people about the virus.Aravind Jannu, principal secretary, state animal husbandry department, said: \"We'll counsel and educate poultry farm owners about the symptoms of the virus. We've told them to report any unusual bird death. The entire government machinery \u2014 police, health, rural development and forest departments and animal husbandry department \u2014 and the zilla panchayat are working to combat the virus. There is no panic situation. The virus is under control and contained within the turkey unit.\"Hesaraghatta area is a poultry farm belt, with 68 villages housing about 1.5 lakh birds in commercial and private farms.The forest department, too, has been alerted about the situation, and directed to take up surveillance of stray, wild and migratory birds.TIMES VIEWThe city, already battling the garbage crisis and the fear of dengue, chikungunya, malaria and many other diseases, now has to contend with avian flu. Though it may not be related to the garbage piles lying all over the city, the contagious disease is here for real. It is up to the government to sterilize the infected zone and put in place checks to stop the spread of the flu, especially to humans. It also needs to start an intensive awareness drive to make people aware of the flu and the precautions to be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16975514", "title": "Removed window films pose health hazards", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city traffic police may be busy removing sun films from cars, but it has missed out on a crucial detail-how to dispose this carcinogenic waste. The films, which contain plastic, polymers and some additives, are a potential toxic material. Ever since the drive started, heaps of window films are found in front of many car accessory outlets in the cityover the last few days. While health experts and scientists have sounded the alarm bell saying that the material should strictly not be burnt and disposed with care, neither the GHMC nor the AP Pollution Control Board has waken up to this threat yet.There are an estimated 7 lakh cars in Hyderabad and Cyberabad and about 80% of them have dark films which will be removed. Going by this figure, over the next few days hundreds of tonnes of dark film will find its way in to the nook and corner of the city. Adding to this will be the huge stock of films stored in about 500 car accessory showrooms of the twin cities that are now gearing up to dump their stock.K Babu Rao, a retired scientist from IICT said, \"The material used in the film is toxic in nature and burning it will invariably lead to the release of Dioxins, which can cause cancer. The dioxins are the most potent known toxin to humans which can cause great harm even at the lowest quantity. At the same time, it should also be remembered that they should not be mixed with regular municipal waste or thrown in water bodies or in residential colonies. A safe way of disposing them is by placing this accumulated waste in a chemical land fill.\"In the absence of any direction on how to dispose the films, some are simply dumping it or even worse, burning it. \"With at least 40-50 cars approaching them for removing the films, showrooms are getting lot of business. But the waste collected is huge. For quick disposal, sometimes it is set on fire rather than transport it to nearby dump yard,\" said a car accessories dealer from Minister Road in Secunderabad.Car accessory showrooms are meanwhile complaining of losses. \"I have sun film stock worth Rs 1 lakh which is of no use now. We cannot even send it to other states because this rule is being implemented everywhere. Now we have no other option but to dump it,\" said P Hari of Harry Cars, Banjara Hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975373", "title": "Ex-MP raised Rs 1.18 crore illegally for firm", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has imposed a fine of Rs 5 lakh on a former Member of Parliament after convicting him for illegally raising funds for his housing firm 14 years ago.Additional sessions judge Pawan Kumar Jain convicted former MP and director in the Oriental Housing Development Finance Corpn Ltd H S Hanspal on a complaint filed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).While holding Hanspal guilty for illegally raising funds to the tune of Rs 1.18 crore in violation of the provisions of the SEBI Act, the court also imposed a fine of Rs 5 lakh on the company. The court, however, during sentencing adopted a lenient view after considering Hanspal's plea that he had refunded an amount of Rs 89.22 lakh out of the overall amount of Rs 118.96 lakh raised by the company during 1997-98. It also observed that the convict was 78 years old and had no criminal history.\"Considering the mitigating factors that the company accused had refunded the amount to the tune of 89.22 lakhs in the year 2000 itself and the fact that convict is an old person of 78 years of age and no previous criminal antecedents, I am of view that convict deserves a lenient view. Ends of justice will be met if he is burdened with substantial amount of fine, thus, I hereby impose a fine of five lakhs each on both the convicts (Hanspal and the company),\" the judge said.SEBI had filed a complaint against the convict on January 21, 2003, alleging that he had collected money from people by floating a Collective Investment Schemes (CIS) during 1997-98 without obtaining a registration certificate for the same. During the trial, the convict, had told the court that he was not a director in the company and was not in-charge of the day to day affairs of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16974441", "title": "Goats in great demand as Bakrid closes in", "text": "COIMBATORE: There is hectic activity on the innerlanes of Kottaimedu in Ukkadam as people who have come to purchase goats for the Bakrid sacrifice jostle for space with motorists, pedestrians, goat owners and salesmen. The crowd, it is pointed out, has dwindled on Friday, as only a few hours are left for Bakrid celebrations. \"I have sold about 100 goats during the last few days and now there are about 25 animals left. After that I will return to Palladam,\" says P Asokan, one of the goat sellers at Kottaimedu.Perumal Koil and Kottaieswaran Koil streets in the locality literally transforms into temporary goat bazaars every year ahead of Bakrid. Goat sellers from the city outskirts and even parts of Tirupur arrive here to sell their animals to Muslim households located in and around Ukkadam. The bazaar also becomes virtually an exhibition of the numerous varieties of goats ranging from the local indigenous ones like Velladu and Mylampadi to Jamanapuri varieties that are usually reared in states like Uttar Pradesh.\"It is a very important custom and has extreme religious significance. I have bought a goat for Rs 8,850 which seems a good bargain,\" says A Fareed Ahamed, a resident of Karimbukkadai, who sealed a deal at the bazaar after an intense round of bargaining.The customers make it a point to ensure that the animals are prim and proper without any visible handicap or wounds on its body. Two front teeth are also inspected which indicates that the goat is at least about two years old. \"After the Qurbani is done invoking the God's name, the portion should be traditionally divided into three categories and shared among immediate family members, relatives and poor people,\" adds S Amanullah, a resident of Kottaimedu.The goats were being sold from Rs 7,000 to Rs 14,000 at the bazaar on Friday evening. Special Bakrid prayers will be conducted at mosques at around 7.30am on Saturday and Qurbani will be conducted as per the tradition. The affluent members of the community opt for camels while others opt for bulls and goats. However, there are also few members of the community who have opted not to buy goats and instead will buy mutton from the stalls to prepare biriyani for their family members on the occasion of the festival.\"Bakrid is about the importance of sacrificing our joys and pleasures for others. I cannot afford to buy a goat for Qurbani. So my family will attend special prayers and later prepare biriyani at home,\" says D Mohammed from Ukkadam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16975481", "title": "3-day national short film fest begins", "text": "KOCHI: The three-day national short film festival being organized by the Maharajas' College Youth Theatre began at the college centenary auditorium on Friday. But the event has failed to attract film buffs, probably due to it being not organized well.According to the organizers, around 150 short films should have been exhibited. But on day one itself, screening of several films was cancelled owing to a technical snag.\"There were only four screens to exhibit all these films. As the organizers failed to provide proper facilities to screen films, even some of the filmmakers boycotted the event,'' said Jithin from Changanassery. While the show at the seminar hall had only a few viewers, the number of people watching films at other screens was less than 20. Marathi filmmaker Umesh Vinayka Kulkarni inaugurated the festival. Hibi Eden MLA presided over the meeting organized at the Centenary Hall of the college as part of the event.The film, 'After Independence' directed by Anju Tess Raphael of St Joseph's College, Changanassery was well received by the audience. Maharaja's College auditorium and seminar hall, children's park theatre and public library are the venues where the films are being shown.The jury for the festival includes Umesh Vinayka Kulkarni, V K Subash, Lakha Rajeev and Geeta Mathen.According to the organizers, around 150 short films should have been exhibited. But on day one itself, screening of several films were cancelled owing to a technical snag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973961", "title": "'Wrong pesticide, practice likely reason for deaths'", "text": "PUNE: The Pune unit of Pest Management Association on Friday underlined the need to educate unrecognized and unorganized pest control operators and demanded action against the sale and use of restricted pesticides for pest control.The association issued a statement in the backdrop of the death of an 18-year-old law student, Akash Mehtre, on October 24, due to inhalation of pesticide fumes following spraying of pesticide at his residence. \"Last year in August, two elderly sisters in Kothrud died in similar circumstances and a few months ago, two youths lost their lives in Andheri, Mumbai,\" the statement said adding that the association feared that wrong pest control practice or wrong pesticide was responsible for the deaths.The statement said use of pesticides recommended by the World Health Organization and the Central Insecticide Board will help in preventing such mishaps. \"Besides, there is a great need for training and educating pest control operators, who are unorganized, unregistered and uneducated. There should be minimum awareness among citizens too,\" the statement added.Listing precautions to be taken by residents, the association said people should not take suggestions regarding use of pesticides from retail shop owners. They should consult an expert in the field. \"Many a time, people prefer to engage unregistered or uneducated pest control workers to save money. This is unsafe and not recommended,\" the association said.The statement said the agency spraying the pesticide should be asked to inspect the site first and home owners must write down the necessary information like the name of the pesticides used, antidote for the same and the necessary preparations before and after spraying the pesticide. People should also demand an invoice of the work done along with the name and phone number of the agency and the worker who carried out the job.The association said people should take all instructions in writing and follow them meticulously and must not insist on extra dose of pesticide than recommended.The association estimates that close to 5,000 licences have been issued to pest control agencies in the state, while nearly 20,000 or more licences have been given in the country. The association has 225 members in the country and over 1,000 professionals engaged in structural pest control. The association conducts training and upgradation courses for its members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16974676", "title": "Improve security immediately", "text": "It's galling that parents have to worry about their babies' safety almost right from the time they are born. The lack of security at maternity wards in even our biggest hospitals says a lot about how much the administration cares for our most important concerns. This incident should serve as a wake-up call for hospitals across the city.Related Story  :  Wary Wadia moms cling on to babies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16975898", "title": "Eighth rapist still at large", "text": "BANGALORE: The eighth accused in the alleged gang-rape of a National Law School of India University student is still at large.The FIR filed by the victim said that on October 13, eight men attacked her and her male friend when they were in the latter's car on the adjacent Jnanabharathi campus of Bangalore University. The men shoved away the friend before sexually assaulting her.She described the eighth accused Raja as a buck-toothed man probably in his 50s and had wavy hair. She said the other seven accused looked like college students.SN Sidramappa, deputy commissioner of police (west), told TOI: \"We're yet to arrest the eighth suspect but investigations are still on.\"Six alleged gang-rapists were arrested by Bangalore police on October 20 from their Iruliga colony of Kailancha hobli (hamlet) in Ramanagarm district. That evening, a seventh accused Rama was shot at and injured on the Jnanabharathi campus not far from where he committed the crime seven days earlier.Rama came to the spot to cut sandalwood trees around 5.30pm. A police patrol team tried to catch him when he retaliated and attacked a constable with a machete. Police opened fire and he suffered leg injuries. In a statement that day, police said three more people helping Rama in cutting trees had fled the spot. Police also revealed that the eighth accused, Raja, too was among them.Senior police officers said they weren't sure if Raja was with Rama when the shooting happened.The seven arrested are from the Iruliga community and live in a village in Ramanagram. Officers said they conducted several raids on their colony in search of Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16975482", "title": "Sarve, Anjan, Renuka bullish", "text": "HYDERABAD: Congress MP Chiranjeevi, whose aides have been claiming that he would be inducted as a minister in the Manmohan Singh cabinet, didn't receive any call from Delhi as of Friday evening. Chiru's aides, all of them from his erstwhile PRP, held an emergency meeting on Friday and expressed the confidence that their leader would be inducted. Chiranjeevi is slated to lead a big delegation of his supporters to New Delhi on Saturday. Others who are still hopeful of making it to the Manmohan Singh ministry include MPs Sarve Satyanarayana, Anjan Kumar Yadav and Renuka Chowdhary.An elated Balaram Naik said on Friday: \"I never expected it. Congress president Sonia Gandhi recognized our community's services to the party and is giving me a chance in the cabinet,\" said the MP from the Banjara (ST) community. While analysts see the move as a Congress ploy to silence the pro-Telangana groups till 2014 elections, Balaram was hopeful that Sonia would grant the separate state very soon. Sources said the 48-year-old MP, fancying his chances, recently met party general secretary Rahul Gandhi in Delhi.The MP, who represents Mahabubabad constituency in Warangal district, said he had requested Sonia Gandhi to give representation to the Banjara community in the cabinet. \"No government had given the opportunity to Banjaras since Independence to serve in the cabinet,\" he told TOI. Observers said the high command plumped for Balaram following the strong presence of STs in Telangana region and the prevailing T-sentiment.A former APSP constable, Balaram was a late entrant to politics. As luck would have it, he was asked to contest from the Mahabubabad LS seat in 2009 though he was looking for an opportunity to enter the AP assembly from the same constituency.After a two-year stint as an APSP cop at Mulug police station till 1984, he worked as a telephone operator in the secretariat for a decade. He quit his job and forayed into the real estate sector.Apart from Balaram, party MP from Kurnool Kotla Suryaprakash Reddy also received a call from the high command. Political observers said what clinched the issue in favour of Kotla was his unflinching loyalty to the party.\"He was very vocal against Jaganmohan Reddy and his YSR Congress which has also helped his cause,\" an observer said. \"The party believes Suryaprakash has the wherewithal to take on not only TDP but also the YSR CP in Kurnool district and hence, is strengthening his hands by making him a minister,\" a party insider said.Sources said Suryaprakash was apparently chosen to counter YSR CP leader Bhuma Nagi Reddy and his wife Shobha, who are politically strong in the district. Suryaprakash, son of the former chief minister Kotla Vijayabhaskara Reddy, was informed of his inclusion on Thursday itself, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16975250", "title": "Congress to organize convention", "text": "MANGALORE: Congress and Seva Dal will observe the death anniversary of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on October 31.Former MP Vinay Kumar Sorake told reporters that Seva Dal will organize a convention as part of the death anniversary at Town Hall here on October 31. He said that the objective of the convention is to strengthen Seva Dal.AICC general secretary BK Harisprasad, Union minister for corporate affairs M Veerappa Moily, former union minister B Janardhan Poojary, in-charge of the state unit of the Karnataka Congress Pramod Pandey and MLC SR Patil will take part in this event, Vinay said \"Seva Dal representatives will be selected from all booths for its national unit. Since there are 1,516 booths in Dakshina Kannada, at least 1,500 representatives will be selected from the district ,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16979130", "title": "Preity and Salman shake a leg on Bigg Boss", "text": "Preity Zinta and Salman Khan are known to be buddies and this will evident tonight on Colors Bigg Boss as Preity Zinta comes to promote her upcoming release, Ishkq in Paris .In a special episode, the petite actress will interact with Sallu and noted music composers Sajid &amp; Wajid. The two friends relive their old memories as they dance to the song Piya Piya. Salman will be seen in a masti mood as he played cricket with the pretty actress.Salman and Preity will also gossip about old incidents and discuss Preity's comeback to Bollywood.Salman and PZ shake a leg together and will be seen entertaining everyone by signing a song. Even Sajid &amp; Wajid join in the fun and mock Preity's obsession with apples.For those unaware, Sajid &amp; Wajid have composed the title track fro Bigg Boss season 4 and season 6.All in all, it will be a great Eid ki Raat, Salman ke Saath .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16974704", "title": "6 Maharaja Yashwantrao Hospital docs may get breather", "text": "BHOPAL: Six doctors of the Maharaja Yashwantrao government hospital, Indore, facing departmental enquiry (DE) in connection with the 'unethical' drug trials issue may get a 'breather' with the state government giving a due consideration to an alleged contradictory letter issued by the state economic offences wing (EOW).According to highly placed sources, the EOW has raised question on its own investigations against these doctors citing that didn't have efficient doctors or technical experts to ascertain the alleged commission of offence by medicos.This letter was sent a couple of months ago in response to the state government's communication seeking relevant documents and to specify the offence committed by these doctors for further action.\"They should have created a panel of experts before initiating the investigation. Now by saying that they had no experts, they have raised question on their own proceedings,\" said an officer in state medical education department wishing not to be quoted. He also said the agency refused to share documents they had collected during the investigation.Thus, he said, the EOW's finding and recommendations have been set aside. \"Even if the government initiates action against the doctors after DE, it would be for violation of conduct rules, nothing else,\" said the officer, adding the state has no powers to act against illegal drug trials.However, he also said that the state government has written a letter to the Centre to make a provision in its Drugs and Cosmetics Act so that state can initiate action in such cases in future. The government has also sent a letter to the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) for conducting inquiry against the six doctors.When contacted, EOW officers confirmed about the letter in question. \"How can the offence be proved 'technically' without technical or medical experts in the team? But we had detected several irregularities in the drug trial process, and recommendations were made for action. It is for the government to take further decision,\" said EOW officer pleading anonymity. The then Inspector General (IG) EOW, who headed the investigation refused to comment.In 2011, the EOW had submitted its report holding doctors responsible on nine counts, including failure to pay compensation in case of death or Serious Adverse Events (SAE), failure to ensure insurance of patients for the full duration of the trials, failure to obtain informed consent of the subjects and of using government facilities and patients for trials undertake by them in their personal capacities.A PIL moved by an Indore-based NGO on the issue is also being heard by the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974614", "title": "Woman did dry runs for 2 days before stealing baby: Witnesses", "text": "MUMBAI: Bhoiwada police have learnt that the unidentified woman who kidnapped a one-day-old boy from Wadia Hospital, Parel, had tested the hospital's security for two days by walking around with a bundle of clothes before walking out with the baby from the general ward on October 24.When given a description of the accused, hospital staff and patients admitted in the general ward told police that they had seen the woman walking around in the ward during visitors' hours for two days before she stole the baby. \"The hospital staff said they had seen the woman in the sketch, moving around in the general ward for two days. Everyone thought she may be a relative of one of the patients as she was calm and didn't appear suspicious,\" said a Bhoiwada police officer.A few people who remembered seeing the accused told the police that the woman was had been carrying some clothes bundled in her sari. \"The accused may have carried out a test run carrying clothes bundled in the form of a child, to see if the guards check her. She chose the visitors' hours after confirming that there was a huge flow of visitors between 4pm to 6pm and the guards didn't check any of the visitors. She kidnapped the baby around 5.30pm when the mother Jasmin (28) was taking a walk with her mother in the ward on the doctor's instructions, as she had undergone a caesarian on October 23 to deliver the baby,\" said the officer.Police are drawing up a detailed report before deciding on action to be taken against the hospital for negligence leading to abduction of the Naiks' son.Meanwhile, four police teams have been sent to check hospitals, bus stops, slums, railway stations and groups of beggars, in case the accused is hiding in any of these locations. \"We are putting in efforts to trace the accused. We are also collecting details on whether the hospital followed all norms for safety of patients before reaching any conclusion. Our priority is to get the infant safe back in the hands of his parents,\" said additional commissioner of police (central region) Praveen Salunke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16973816", "title": "Panel to decide on speed limits seeks more time", "text": "A move to introduce speed governors on buses, trucks and other heavy vehicles in a bid to check road accidents has suffered a setback. A panel appointed by the government to recommend speed limits for various vehicles has overshot its term and has sought two more months to finalize its reports. Transporters and bus owners had earlier objected to the speed limits prescribed by the government. On March 13, the government appointed a high-level panel to review the objections. The panel was expected to submit its report on September 1 but it has not been able to meet this timeline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16975569", "title": "Former councillor bats for Veli seawall", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Veli Varghese, former Poundukadavu ward councilor, has asked all to refrain from objecting to the project for constructing breakwater at the river mouth at Valiya Veli. He alleged that the Theeradesha Samrakshana Samithi formed under the leadership of Jolly David was trying to sabotage the project, which would solve the city's flooding woes and clear the weeds in Veli-Aakulam lake.The Rs 12-crore project funded by the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission to be implemented by the Harbour Engineering Department has been designed two years ago. But, the project received environmental clearance from the Union government last month only.\"The project was delayed for almost three years. The fund allotted for breakwater project in 2009 during the previous government was Rs 12 crore but now the harbour engineering department has raised the tender to Rs 15 crore. None of the members of the samithy have their houses on the coastal lines too,\" alleged Veli Varghese.\"The seawall building plan also includes construction of roads parallel to the wall which would help the fisherfolks to transport fish and anchor boats. There will be opening in every 10 meter of the seawall for them to take the boats into the sea,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16976296", "title": "Know your namaz schedule", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Anjuman Islamian on Friday declared the timings for special namaz to be offered by many on Bakrid which is on Saturday. Secretary of Anjuman, Md Iquebal Khalifa, said first namaz of Bakrid will be offered in Masjid-e-Quraish and Masjid-e-Rashid at 7am. Second namaz will be offered in Moti Masjid, Palmerganj Masjid, Masjid-e-Ala Hajrat, Bangla Masjid, Palmerganj Masjid, Ahsani Masjid, Masjid-e-Gaush- e-Azam and Masjid Tajul at 7:45am.Third gathering for the namaz will be held at Eidgah Maidan at 8:30am and last namaz will be offered in Jama Masjid and Belal Masjid at 9am. While namaz in Eidgah Maidan will be led by imam of Jama Masjid Maulana Shamim Ahmed Rizvi, namaz in Jama Masjid will be led by Najim Maulana of Baba Dukhan Shah Maulana Makbul. Namaz in rest of the masjids will be led by their regular imams.Kisko Madarsa Jamaytul Atiya's Talimi Mission has meanwhile decided its programmes on Bakrid at a meeting held on Thursday. Reyajul Hasan who led the meeting said, \"Namaz of Bakrid in the Mission's Madarsa will be offered at 7:30am.\"In a separate meeting, Markaji Ansar Panchayat of the district and its officials including Sakil Ansari and Almin Ansari expressed displeasure over the government neglect and attitude towards the welfare of the Ansari community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16973992", "title": "Magisterial custody for Pohare", "text": "NAGPUR: After four days of police custody, the Judicial Magistrate First Class announced magisterial custody remand for Deshonatti editor-in-chief and owner Prakash Pohare, who was arrested for alleged involvement in the murder of his former employee Rajendra Dupare. Dupare was a security guard.After Thursday's high-tension incident at Kalmeshwar court where some women came prepared to attack Pohare with slippers when he was brought to the court, Kalmeshwar police had beefed up security for the Friday hearing in Saoner court.Pohare was arrested on Tuesday from his Kaneri village farm house after his anticipatory bail was rejected by the district and session court last week. Earlier, he was granted two days of PCR. Later on Thursday, the court extended his PCR till Friday.So far, six people including Harikrishna Dwivedi, who shot Dupare dead and other security guards have been sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16975574", "title": "Proposed land use bill biased against farming", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: If the attempt by the state government to revive the Kerala Land Use Bill 2002 succeeds, it could not only violate fundamental rights of a citizen but also discourage efforts towards ensuring food security for the country.In the draft bill, which provides guidelines for conversion of select agriculture land to non-agricultural purpose, if a citizen fails to comply with the provision he is liable to be punished. \"The commission (that will supervise the implementation of the act) shall within two years from the date of its constitution prepare detailed guidelines to be followed by the Local Self Government institutions for the preparation of their land use map and plan for the conversion of agricultural lands for non-agricultural purposes and for the use of agricultural land for tourism-related activities,\" says Section 12 (c) and (d) of the draft Land Use bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16979127", "title": "Krishna says he is making way for younger blood", "text": "NEW DELHI: S M Krishna, who resigned as external affairs minister, today said it was \"time up\" for him to make way for younger blood and appeared to keep his options open on playing a role in Karnataka politics.\"...the flavour of the season is that youngsters must take over the reins of responsibility and I felt that it was time up for me to make way for younger blood to take over. I am glad that this initiative has been by and large appreciated,\" he told reporters after meeting Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , a day after he quit the government.Asked whether it was the Prime Minister or he himself who decided to step down as Union minister, Krishna said, \"The decision came from within. And my wife had a major role to play in the decision making.\"He also said that his decision to make way for younger blood does not denigrate the importance of experience.\"This in no way denigrates the importance of experience. I think experience is an important attribute. And particularly in pursuing the foreign relations with other countries there has to be patience and patience abundantly and also perseverance,\" he said.Asked about his statement that his resignation does not denigrate experience and whether he would play a role for the party in Karnataka where assembly elections are due next year, he said, \"Well, I said youngsters should lead. And then we are there to support the youngsters in their efforts to forge ahead.\"To a suggestion that his stint in the MEA was short, the former Karnataka chief minister said his tenure was for a \"respectable\" period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16975605", "title": "Langa and Manganiyar artistes victims of exploitation?", "text": "JODHPUR: While organizers thrive on the art of world famous Langa and Manganiyar folk singers, the artistes are compelled to live in utter deprivation owing to exploitation by the organizers. Most of these artistes, who have nurtured their folk traditions and carried forward the legacy of their ancestors, in the desert of Rajasthan suffer the same plight.\"We accepted every invitation by any agency without discussing the kick-backs and other facilities because we never thought of it,\" said Khete Khan Manganiyar. These organizers took them across the globe and made a fortune by selling their art. \"But we are content that at least because of them, this folk tradition transcended national borders and is today well-known all over the world\", he said.They attribute this state of destitution predominantly to their illiteracy for they trusted the organizers who told them to perform by offering tall promises. \"We have lost a lot due to illiteracy and our generations have worked hard to get their art acknowledged and appreciated on the global stage. But their art could not make their life comfortable,\" asserted Chanan Khan Manganiyar, a Kamayacha player (a folk instrument).\"Now, we have put education before practicing music,\" said Chanan Khan, adding though they've been been cheated but they don't want their future generations to live in penury.\"If you go into their villages, you will be surprised to see the awful condition they live in, which is a complete mismatch to their popularity across the globe,\" said the community director of Jaipur Virasat Foundation, Vinod Joshi. He attributed this condition mainly to their habit of not making any monetary demands before accepting offers to perform. \"They will have to learn to discuss the conditions they are facing and also to negotiate well,\" argued Joshi.But lack of unity amongst the community is also responsible for their pitiable condition. \"If one artiste turns down an offer on the issue of payment another jumps to grab it even at no compensation often times,\" says Khete Khan.Government itself does not hesitate in exploiting them. \"We are hardly paid Rs 200-300 per day for any programme by the tourism department when a daily wage earner earns at least Rs 400-500 per day,\" said a Langa artiste.Referring to the initiative by Jodhpur RIFF and LIBRA India (a non-profit voluntary organization), called \"Your Talent, Your Right\", aimed at educating the artistes about their legal rights and giving free-of-cost legal aid, Chanan Khan said this is the first time that anyone has woken up to their plight. \"We can now look forward to project ourselves and our art in right perspective\", said Chanan Khan, who was present in the workshop on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16975649", "title": "Manimajra to get signboards, house number in series", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The municipal corporation has decided to allot house numbers in an orderly fashion and install signboards in the Manimajra area. This development has come following request of area councillors who said that visitors face too many problems in mapping their way.The issue is more prevalent in areas like Old Manimajra since it was initially a village under the Notified Area Committee (NAC). After its inclusion in the MC in 1996, the authority started issuing house numbers in a consecutive manner but this process was halted around 10 years ago. As time progressed, the population increased and so did the houses.Visitors often cannot locate their destinations easily and either go to police stations seeking help or see the area councillors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974271", "title": "Rare breed of goat fetches Rs 4 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: A rare breed of goat from Madhya Pradesh, meant for sacrifice on the occasion of Eid-ul-Azha ( Bakri Eid), was sold for Rs 4 lakh.The initial price sought by the seller was Rs six lakh, after negotiation he sold it for Rs four lakh, said sources at Deonar abattoir.Eid-ul Azha will be celebrated across the country on Saturday. Mohammed Aslam Qureshi, president of the All India Sheep and Goat Breeders and Dealers Association, said the goat was brought in an air-conditioned SUV.\"The goat weighs more than 200 kg and is a rare breed. It is given a diet of rotis, coconut, fruits, milk and dry fruits. A businessman from Mumbai purchased the goat,\" said Qureshi. \"A Kashmiri goat breed was sold for Rs 3 lakh while two from Afghanistan and Turkey were sold for Rs two lakh each,\" he added. Prices shot up on Friday since many usually buy sacrificial goats on the last day. According to sources, many celebrities purchased expensive goats through their representatives during the last two days.'Build shelters in Deonar abattoir'Many traders in Deonar said the government has not provided shelter homes for goats. \"In the next two to three years, Eid-ul-Azha will be observed during monsoon. There are all temporary shelter houses,\" said a seller.\"We had a meeting with the CM, BMC chief, police commissioner and other officials and raised the issue. The CM said the BMC has already forwarded the proposal for modernization of Deonar abattoir to the Centre,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975108", "title": "Stumbling on the last lap in Connaught Place", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the deadline to complete the much-delayed redevelopment work in Connaught Place - December 31 - approaching fast, pressure is mounting on New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) and the consultant, Engineers India Limited. And in this race against time, the project managers are slipping on safety measures.On Thursday evening, an auto plunged into a pit, nearly 20-foot deep, near Palika Bazaar's Gate no.7. The driver suffered injuries but escaped with his life. Traders say that with the increase in footfalls during the festival season, there is an urgent need to increase the number of marshals near the construction sites to ensure safety of visitors.With construction work in the final stages, live cables, which have to be shifted into the tunnel, are lying on the main roads. The relaying of the arterial roads is yet to start and the ground is uneven at several places. Office-goers say the areas should be opened to people only after the entire work is over. \"This is one of the main shopping destinations, especially during festive seasons. In several blocks, the construction work is in the final stages. Therefore, the barricades have been removed. The construction company should ensure that people don't use these areas till the work is complete. Live cables are lying on the ground. Though we all want the redevelopment work to be completed before December, this should not be at the cost of the shoppers' safety,'' said Dinesh Sethi, who works in K Block.EIL claims it is not able to barricade the area due to stiff resistance from the traders association. \"Traders say they are losing business because of the barricades. We have deployed marshals where we couldn't put up barricades,'' said an EIL official.EIL and NDMC say there has been no lapse in Thursday's accident. \"The driver's MLC report states he was drunk. The site where the accident took place is barricaded. On Thursday evening, the barricade was removed to allow trucks to enter the site,\" they said. EIL officials said the marshal at the site couldn't stop the auto as it was at a high speed. On Friday, the entire area was barricaded and two marshals deployed at the site.The traders are praying for the work to finish by December so that they may organize the famous CP shopping festival. \"We couldn't organize the festival last year as the market was in a mess. If the work is over by December 15, we will organize the festival,'' said Atul Bhargava, president of New Delhi Traders Association (NDTA).But NDMC officials say the project will extend beyond December. EIL claims the surface level construction work will be over by December but shifting services into the tunnel will take time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16975044", "title": "Vedas help attain happiness: Expert", "text": "DHARWAD: Ancient Indian scriptures like Vedas, Upanishads and the Bhagavad Geeta are treasure troves of knowledge and it is important to preserve them and practice the values preached by them, said Dattavadhoota of Brahmachaitanya Ashram (Hebballi) here on Friday.Speaking at a function to mark the 125th anniversary of Shrimajjagadguru Shankaracharya Sanskrit Pathashala here, he said Vedas and Upanishads have taught the man to be self sufficient to attain real happiness.\"The more you become self-sufficient, the more also you become divine; and conversely, the more you are divine, the more you are self-sufficient. It is not necessary for you to ask for anything in this world if divinity adequately manifests itself from yourself\" he said and added that \"this is to give you a brief picture of the manner in which the great masters, the rishis of yore, envisioned divinity in the cosmos as gods pervading everywhere.\"Former advocate general Ashok Harnahalli hailed the rich Indian culture and said no efforts should be spared to preserve and promote the rich heritage of India. He was all praise for the efforts made by Sanskrit Pathashala in last 125 years in sustaining the Vedic culture.Mayor Pandurang Patil said the entire world was looking towards India for spiritual guidance and Indians should be proud to preserve the heritage. Pontiff of Kudli Shringeri Mutt Vidyabhinava Vidyaranya Bharati Swamy graced the occasion.The two-day celebrations began on Friday morning with religious ceremonies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974357", "title": "Cops arrest Thukkaiandi in 2 new cases", "text": "CHENNAI: Revealing two cases of land grabbing that they had registered earlier but kept under wraps, central crime branch sleuths arrested former senior police officer K Thukkaiandi and his wife Subbulakshmi from a relative's house in Bangalore on Thursday.An investigator who is part of the probe against Thukkaiandi, his wife and their daughters, Yobu and Yamini, who are in the US, said police had not revealed two of the three cases against the former additional director-general of police because they apprehended that he would move court for anticipatory bail.Thukkaiandi, who was suspended on June 29, was one of the officers who investigated the wealth case against chief minister J Jayalalithaa during the DMK regime (1996-2001). He and his daughter Yamini secured anticipatory bail from the Madras high court on October 5 in connection with one of the cases registered against them. Police have arrested Thukkaiandi in the two other cases registered against him. His wife Subbulakshmi has been arrested in connection with all three cases. The Madras high court in September refused to set aside criminal proceedings against Subbulakshmi.Police brought Thukkaiandi and his wife to the city and produced them before a magistrate's court in Tambaram on Friday.In a complaint to the police on September 8, 2008, M Rajaiah said he agreed to purchase a plot in Sholinganallur for 30 lakh from S Ravi, who held power of attorney for Chandresh M Kampani. He later learned that Kampani given power of attorney to Dhanalakshmi. He said Dhanalakshmi sold the property to Subbulakshmi and accused them of fraud.The second case was based on a complaint by Delhi businessman Ankul Vij, who claimed Thukkaiandi and his family encroached on his property in Neelankarai. Police filed a third case against Thukkaiandi on a complaint by Mumbai businessman Upendra Motilal Dalal. He said Thukkaiandi and his family encroached his property in Neelankarai. CCB officers included Thukkaiandi and Subbulakshmi's daughters Yobu and Yamini in all three cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16976244", "title": "Cops arrest three in Itaunja rape case", "text": "LUCKNOW: The police on Friday arrested the three absconding accused who had been booked on October 20 by Itaunja police for allegedly raping a minor girl. Jeetendra Yadav, Madan and Pradhan had allegedly forced themselves upon a 14-year-old girl in the Akhdariya village around 9.00 p.m. on last Saturday.The accused have been sent to jail on remand and were arrested near Mishra cold storage in Itaunja area close to 6.00 a.m. on Friday. The police said that it is waiting for the final medical examination report, based on which it will take the next step.The father of the victim had alleged that the trio, forcibly committed the act and also held his other children, who were present in the house at the time of the incident, at knifepoint. The accused meanwhile, claimed that the complaint was false and victim's father filed the complaint following an ongoing dispute between their families. The police had pressed charges under sections 376 (rape) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16974253", "title": "South Goa zilla panchayat administration to get e-tech: CEO", "text": "MARGAO: Newly-appointed South Goa zilla panchayat chief executive officer K V Signapurkar on Friday promised ZP members that an e-governance set up would be in place in a few months.Addressing mediapersons after the quarterly meeting at the ZP office at Arlem, Singapurkar said he'd noticed that files were moving \"too slowly\" and there was a \"huge need\" for better management and strengthening of the administration.\"Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had announced that all tendering processes should be done online. My priority is to study this matter and talk to other departments concerned and to get an e-system in place for all the tendering procedures to be sanctioned by my office,\" said Signapukar. He said he could not give a specific timeframe for the same.Signapurkar was appointed CEO on October 11, relieving former CEO, Y B Tawde.Earlier during the meeting, ZP members criticized the government for ignoring them at state functions. They claimed they were not given due representation even at the state functions celebrating 50 years of Panchayati Raj.Chairperson Nelly Rordigues was critical of Parrikar who she claimed was \"too busy\" with schemes like Laadli Laxmi to give ZP members an appointment. She claimed this was unlike his previous stint as CM when he would meet ZP members regularly and check routine issues.\"We have asked that we should be intimated whenever the south Goa district collector visits village panchayats in our jurisdiction,\" she told the members.ZP members also elaborated their planned activities which include the launch of mobile medical banks. These will feature emergency apparatuses like oxygen and first-aid kits and even a wheelchair. They have been made available to all ZP members for their respective constituencies and at the ZP office.Chairperson of the South Goa ZP standing committee on social justice Rashmi Lambor gave the vote of thanks and felicitated ZP member Veena Lourenco for her state award as a woman panch member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16975142", "title": "Belgaum can house MLAs", "text": "BELGAUM: The newly inaugurated Suvarna Vidhana Soudha is ready for its maiden session and the city has sufficient infrastructural facilities to accommodate those who come for the session, said district incharge minister Umesh Katti.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar said a few days ago that a 10-day winter session would be held at Suvarna Vidhana Soudha in November-end or first week of December. Asked if Belgaum could accommodate MLAs, MLCs and officials during the session, Katti said that during the inauguration of the Soudha, some ministers, MLAs and other officials were accommodated in Dharwad because they wanted to be lodged there.\"During the winter session, the number of people visiting Belgaum won't be very high. The city was crowded during the inauguration. The city has good hotels, guesthouses and hostels which have the capacity to accommodate nearly 800 people. We are also ready to provide all the facilities required for those who come for the session,\" said Katti.He also mentioned that construction of houses for legislators would shortly be taken up under public-private partnership near Suvarna Vidhana Soudha, where 27 acres of land have been reserved. If a regular session is to be held in the Soudha, it is better the government comes up with immediate steps to construct houses for legislators, or the government will be wasting public money providing accommodation to MLAs and MLCs, Katti added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974697", "title": "'Always check net friend's background before meeting'", "text": "MUMBAI: The road from online friendship to offline relationship has proved slippery time and again. Cybersphere watchers believe the transition can be far smoother if the protagonists are more careful but psychiatrists blame the bumpy ride on the lack of a proper support system in society that often leads many to repose their faith in the fickle virtual world.\"We get a number of calls on helplines from people, mostly women, about being fooled by anonymous persons on the various social networking websites. The problem lies in the fact that people have very few friends and acquaintances in the real world and, therefore, they depend on the virtual world to make friends,\" said psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty. People easily get carried away and believe whatever picture is painted on the internet. \"Their dependence on the internet is so grave that they refuse to believe otherwise,\" he added.Some spoke about youngsters befriending strangers online due to loneliness and depression. \"Many youngsters who come from smaller towns live alone in the city and end up getting very intimate with strangers in the virtual world. This has led to many cases of blackmailing and various forms of depression because there are always culprits on the prowl online and people are still not aware of the ill-effects of using the internet,\" said Dr Seema Hingorrany, a clinical psychologist.Cyber experts pointed out that duping is common, especially on social networking sites, because of the lack of 'physical check' on users. \"These websites give people freedom to put up all kinds of information without cross-checking them. This is one of the reasons why even the police can't find such culprits soon,\" said Vijay Mukhi, a technology evangelist. \"It is very important to do a thorough background check on someone before meeting them in person and there are websites like Google and klout.com that come to rescue,\" he added.Websites like klout.com help in understanding the virtual popularity of a person. \"Giving out personal information online, including contact details and photographs, should always be avoided as these can be easily misused without the knowledge of the individual,\" Mukhi warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16973958", "title": "Chain-snatcher beats 50-year-old woman", "text": "NAGPUR: While a middle-aged couple and their nine-year-old daughter is still recuperating at a hospital after they were seriously injured in chain-snatching incident on Wednesday evening, another woman was beaten badly by a chain-snatcher after she tried to resist him.Fifty-year-old Bharti Wankhede's was bleeding profusely from her face after the thief punched her repeatedly. The blood soaked Bharti was immediately rushed to nearby hospital by some passers-by. After preliminary treatment, she was discharged.The incident took place on Friday afternoon near Krishi Nagar in Jaripatka police station area. Around noon, Wankhede with her sister Jyoti Vahane was walking towards her brother's residence at Sugat Nagar when a youth suddenly came running from behind and tried to snatch her mangalsutra.Before the thief could grab the whole ornament, Bharti caught hold of his hand and resisted him vehemently. In the melee, the thief pushed her down and before Bharti could get up, he started hitting her on the face.Jyoti alerted some passers-by but before any help could reach the women the thief had fled with half of the mangalsutra worth Rs20,000.On Tuesday, Vinay and Pallavi Bhattalwar with their daughter Dharitri, resident of Dindayal Nagar, were heading to Trimurti Nagar to see their relative on Dussehra when they met with an a accident due to chain-snatching. While Vinay and Dharitri are stated to be out of danger, Pallavi is still critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16976456", "title": "Lady doctor goes missing near Puri", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A government doctor, posted in a community health centre (CHC) at Kanas in Puri district, went missing two weeks ago, triggering suspicion among her family that she was kidnapped.The lady ayurvedic doctor (34), who hailed from Brahmagiri area but had been staying at her uncle's house in Puri, has not returned home since October 12. Though a missing case was registered at Kumbharapada police station the same night, police are yet to locate her.\"We are worried about her safety as police made little headway in tracing her. We apprehend she was kidnapped,\" her younger brother told media persons at Puri on Friday. \"We do not think she eloped with anyone because she did not have any affair with any man. Nor did she or our family had enmity with anyone,\" he said.The distraught family members had managed to establish contact with her on her mobile phone on October 18. \"When we tried to contact her, first she picked up the phone, but before she uttered any word, a man snatched the phone from her and started abusing me. This indicated that she was held hostage by miscreants,\" the brother said. \"We have since not received any call from her number,\" he said. \"Shockingly, an unidentified man found her ATM card and submitted it to the concerned bank a day after she went missing,\" he added.Sources said the doctor, who holds the designation of medical officer at the CHC, had left her uncle's house around 7.30 am on October 12 saying she was to meet the chief district medical officer (CDMO) and later board a train to reach the CHC, 35 km from Puri. But the Puri CDMO, Dr Gyanendra Sahoo, said she did not meet him that day. \"She did not meet me. I came to know about her disappearance two days ago. I have asked a subordinate employee to inquire into the matter,\" Dr Sahoo said.The CHC's medical in-charge Dr Sukant Jena said: \"She did not submit any leave application. But she is a very good doctor. We are shocked at her disappearance.\"Dr Jena said there was no work pressure on her and that she had a good rapport with her colleagues. Her brother said she did not have any hostility with her former colleagues either during her tenure as medical officer in CHCs at Chilika and Kerandia near Brahmagiri in the past.Puri DSP (city) Sashibhusan Satapathy said police are on the job to trace the doctor. \"Based on her phone tracking, we suspected that she is in Dharmasala area of Jajpur district. Our officers are conducting raids at different places,\" Satapathy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16976675", "title": "Ex gratia payment for cold wave deaths", "text": "PATNA: The next of kin of those who die of cold wave conditions in the state would now get ex gratia amount as assistance from the state government, as cold wave/frost has been made \"an eligible natural calamity\" by the Centre.The farmers concerned, too, would be eligible for compensation, if they suffer crop loss. So far, only 11 severely critical situations were included in the natural calamity category, state disaster management department (DMD) sources said.The 11 natural calamities so listed include flood, drought, quake, cyclone, snowfall, avalanche, cloudburst, tsunami, attack of pests and lightning.With the temperature falling towards October end, winter is likely to come early. Severe cold is being apprehended this winter. In that case, the inclusion of cold wave conditions as the new category of natural calamity would be a huge relief for the people of the state. Many people in Bihar die due to cold. The compensation amount would be to the tune of Rs 2 lakh for the death of a person. Of the sum, Rs 1.50 lakh would be released from state disaster response fund and the remaining Rs 50,000 from the Chief Minister's Relief Fund .However, the Centre has put certain riders with regard to the declaration \"For declaring a district as affected by frost/cold wave conditions by the state government concerned, the meteorological data on departure of normal minimum temperature in the affected area, as released by the India Meteorological Department (IMD), \" says the Centre's memo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16974424", "title": "Cops booked for arresting wrong man", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police has registered a case against two police inspectors and three sub-inspectors of police including a woman for falsely implicating a city resident in theft cases. The police officers were allegedly charged of extortion of 1.80 lakh and 62 sovereigns of gold ornaments by illegally detaining him.M Ganeshan, 47, of Ramalingam Nagar near Saibaba colony in the city was arrested in connection with a series of baggage thefts reported from Chennai-bound trains originating in Coimbatore. Coimbatore railway police inspector M Lawrence, Egmore railway police inspector Senthil Kumar, Chennai Special Branch sub-inspectors Subramaniam and Balan and Coimbatore railway police special sub-inspector (SSI) Shanthi arrested him from his residence and claimed they had tracked him using his mobile phone records on March 6. He was also remanded and sent to Coimbatore Central Prison and was recently released on bail.Ganeshan filed a petition before Judicial Magistrate court -VII stating that railway officials were searching for some other R Ganeshan, son of Ramasamy, and they wrongfully arrested him. They failed to release him even after they realized their mistake, he claimed. Railway police officials went ahead with their version and even threatened him to have the case papers signed. They also seized two ATM cards and Rs 1.80 lakh and 62 sovereigns of gold jewels from him before he was produced in court. He mentioned in the petition that he was detained illegally from March 1 to March 6, 2012. He also asked the court to make each of the officials pay Rs 25 lakh as compensation for the mental agony and physical torture inflicted upon him.Judicial Magistrate Hemant Kumar has directed the Saibaba colony police to register an FIR against the railway police officials and conduct a detailed probe in the matter. Based on the court direction, Saibaba colony police have registered a case against the five police officers under 27 sections of Indian Penal Code on October 9.\"Based on the court's direction, we have registered a case against the five police officers under 27 sections of IPC. After the detailed investigation, Saibaba colony police inspector will submit the report before the court,\" said A K Viswanathan, city police commissioner.Saibaba Colony police had summoned the complainant M Ganeshan to appear before them for an investigation. But he had gone to appear Madurai High Court in connection with a theft case on Friday. The investigation is yet to begin.\"We are waiting for police investigation report. If we are not happy about the investigation, we would approach the CBI or CBCID for conducting through inquiry,\" said senior advocate Gnanabharathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16976293", "title": "Bakrid celebrations: Soaring goat prices play spoilsport", "text": "RANCHI: This Bakrid, several Muslim families in Ranchi would compromise on goat sacrifices as prices of Bakra, the essential item of Bakrid, has gone up. An average Bakra, which used to cost Rs 5000 last year, comes with a price tag of Rs 7000 this year. A goat seller, who had managed to sell goats worth Rs 7 lakh last year, could sell goats worth Rs 2 lakh only this year.Several families have decided to make lesser sacrifices because of inflation. Shakil Ahmad Khan, retired librarian of Doranda College, said, \"This year we would go for only two goat sacrifices. I have bought two goats for the price with which I bought four goats last year. Price rise has dampened the festive spirit.\" Khawaja Shahabuddin, who runs embroidery equipment business, said, \"Price has always been a concern for the lower middle-class. Now it makes us think twice before going out to the market with a list.\" He has put a cap on his expenditure this year. \"I have to compromise on every front,\" said Shahabuddin.At one of the largest goat markets in the city in Church Road few goat sellers have turned up this year. Mohammad Sheikh, a businessman, said, \"Goat sellers from Bundu, Khunti, Shonahatu, Kanke, Pithoria and even Tamar turn up to sell their goats here. This year they are few and far between.\" Buyers, too, are not that enthusiastic. Javed Ali, who came from Khunti with six goats on Tuesday, has managed to sell only two. All of his goats (all big goats) are priced between Rs 10,000 to Rs 12,000. \"The moment people hear the price they drop their plan to buy the goats,\" said Ali. He had to return to Khunti with four of his goats. \"I would sell them in Holi again,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16975468", "title": "Telangana Rashtra Samiti meet to firm up Telangana-stir plan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Convinced finally that Congress will not make any positive announcement on Telangana, the Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) has called for a two-day steering committee meeting in Karimnagar on November 4-5 to plan its next course of action.\"Our patience has run out. We gave enough time to the Congress to make an announcement on Telangana, but nothing has happened. Now, it is time for us to fight it out and relaunch the agitation. The future course of action will be decided at the steering committee meeting,\" said B Vinod kumar, former MP and TRS member.At the meeting, which is to be attended by the party's politburo members along with its MLAs and MPs, TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao is expected to give an account of the talks he held with Congress leaders during his recent trip to Delhi. KCR had camped in Delhi for close to a month between September 5 and October 3and claims to have conferred with top leaders of the Congress on Telangana. He had also issued several timelines for the UPA to make an announcement on the bifurcation of AP. He even offered to merge his party with Congress in case a separate Telangana state was announced.However, some elements in TRS are still hopeful that Congress would come out with some announcement before the steering committee meet, which is about nine days away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974705", "title": "Ex-chief auditor revealed ward-level graft", "text": "MUMBAI: Months before the BMC's chief accountant pointed out rampant malpractice in civic work carried out at the ward level, the now retired chief auditor wrote a five-page note on the irregularities, along with the modus operandi that the contractors used to evade scrutiny during the project.P C Pisolkar submitted the cautionary note to former civic chief Subodh Kumar in 2011. To drive across the scale of corruption involved, Pisolkar called the Rs 2,200-crore assignment, meant for all ward-level work in the city to be completed between April 2010 and March 2012, a \"contractor-driven project\". In his note, he said the civil work contractors (CWC) had been influencing local councillors and pressuring engineering as well as finance officials to increase the budgetary allocations and extend their contract period by three to six months. To hoodwink the BMC, the contractors would not approach the user department to ask if the work was required but would carry out the assignments on their own, stated the note, adding the list of work to be executed was never published. A map indicating the sites was not prepared and the exact locations not identified to evade inspection. With no check in place, the contractors would go on repeating the same project, irrespective of the requirement, Pisolkar mentioned.The letter also pointed out how the contractors, along with civic officials, broke bulk tenders into smaller packets to avoid scrutiny by the vigilance department; projects worth Rs 50-60 lakh would be spilt into small assignments, each worth below Rs 3 lakh.Pisolkar also stated how work orders were given at the end of a financial year so that before the accounts could be closed, bills were certified within 10 to 15 days and payments released without the work being completed.The internal note prepared by chief accountant Ram Dhas, was based on this letter. \"We have known of the malpractices and pointed out many financial irregularities in the annual audit reports, which have been ignored,\" said an official.Despite several attempts, Pisolkar could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16979292", "title": "Over 2400 snake bite cases reported in Thane during six months", "text": "THANE: A record 2,411 cases of snake bites have been reported from Thane district of Maharashtra during the first half of 2012-13, according to the health department here.The department report said that during last year the number of cases pertaining to snake bites were 3,188 indicating that this year in the first six months itself the district has crossed 75% of snake bite cases as compared to 2011-12.There were a total of 4901 cases of snake bites during the period 2010-11, it said.The number of snake bite cases were maximum in July (703) due to monsoons.The figures for the other months are April-116, May-165, Jun-384, Aug-598 and Sep-445. A glance at the cases of snake bites reveals that number of cases in July are almost double from that of June and there is a decreasing trend after August.However, the report did not indicate the number deaths on account of snake bites as it is maintained by a different department.Recently, the Maharashtra government had decided to give a compensation of Rs 1 lakh to snake bite victims.Forest minister Patangrao Kadam had informed the State Legislature in March that kin of farmers who die of snake bite while working in their farms would also be compensated.West Bengal accounted for the maximum snakebite and rabies deaths in India last year. A total of 1,440 persons died of snakebite and another 223 of rabies during 2011 in the country, out which as many as 380 and 73 deaths were reported on the two counts respectively in West Bengal.Also, a recent report from Chicago stated that Fatal snake bites have become a major public health concern in India.What's worse, it is vastly under-reported, according to a study.The American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene said in India 46,000 people are dying every year from snakebites against the official figure of only 2,000.More than 2.5 lakh cases of snake bites are reported every year. Those who survive the bite on the spot, subsequently die due to delay, unable to reach a hospital within the crucial golden hour or due to lack of treatment, resulting in overdose of anti-venom, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16974322", "title": "Eid-ul-Zuha marks prophet Abraham's devotion to God", "text": "VASCO: Eid-ul-Zuha is the Muslim festival which marks the end of the pilgrimage to Mecca known as Haj. It is also known as the \"Feast of Sacrifice,\" which commemorates prophet Abraham's faith and devotion to God. Eid-ul-Zuha will be celebrated on Saturday.President of Ittehad-Ul-Jamiatul Muslimeen from Vasco, Bashir Khan, says, \"According to Muslim belief, God asked prophet Abraham to sacrifice his son. Although Abraham was a good man and loved his son, his faith and devotion to God was strong enough to accommodate God's request. Abraham's willingness to sacrifice his own son for God prompted God to spare his son's life, and a lamb was sacrificed in his place.\"Karim Mulla, from Sada said, \"As soon as the prayers are recited, the menfolk and children rush to the sacrificial ground to perform the rituals.\" Hussain Shaikh, chief of Congress Seva Dal, Vasco block, said, \"Not only Muslims, even brothers from other communities come as they believe that the meat is sacred.\"\"The meat from the sacrifice during Eid-ul-Zuha is mostly given away to other members of the community. One-third is eaten by immediate family members and relatives, one-third is given to friends, and one-third is donated to the poor. The act symbolizes our willingness to give up things that are of benefit to us or close to our hearts, in order to follow Allah's commands,\" Naz Mulla, a marketing executive from Ponda said.The aim of sacrifice, like all other fundamentals of Islam, is to imbibe piety and self-righteousness. It also promotes the spirit of sacrifice for a right cause. Hafizi Usman Khan, from Salman Farsi Masjid recites the Eid namaz for the Sada sub-jail prisoners. \"On Eid everybody has their own reasons to smile but I feel glad to meet my brothers who are in prison. Every Eid I go there and they are in tears after the Dua (prayers),\" said Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16979964", "title": "BSP rules out any coalition", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) leaders on Friday ruled out any political coalition for the forthcoming Gujarat assembly elections. The party has decided to contest all 182 seats. BSP on Friday declared a list of 50 candidates.\"Our leader Mayawati has decided that the party will contest all seats in Gujarat on its own and will not have any seat-sharing arrangement with other political parties,\" Dharmaprakash Bhartiya, who is in-charge of Gujarat, said.While announcing names of 50 party candidates, Bhartiya said that in 2007 assembly polls, BSP had fielded 166 candidates and secured 2.62% of the total votes. \"We might not form a government but will definitely be the kingmaker in the state,\" he said.Bhartiya said that the party was very clear in its strategy. BSP is the first party to declare the list as there is no infighting in the party.Accusing chief minister Narendra Modi of adopting 'double standards' on the issue of corruption, he said, \"Modi is attacking the UPA government on the corruption issue but here one of his ministers has been involved in a multi-crore scam. The CM should resign on moral grounds as he is also involved in the scam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "farrukhabad, up", "code": "16980538", "title": "IAC activists demonstrate outside magistrate's office in Farrukhabad", "text": "FARRUKHABAD, UP: Activists of Arvind Kejriwal-led India Against Corruption on Saturday sat on a dharna in front of the city magistrate's office to press for permission to hold their proposed demonstration on November 1.The Farrukhabad administration had denied permission to the IAC to hold demonstration to make fresh expose against alleged irregularities by Zakir Husain Memorial Trust of law minister Salman Khurshid , IAC sources said.IAC convenor Laxman Singh along with his associates started the dharna in front of the magistrate's office.The city magistrate later granted permission to the IAC activists to hold the November 1 programme, they said.IAC member Sanjay Singh, meanwhile, told reporters in Lucknow that Kejriwal's programme would be held in the home district of Khurshid at all cost even if they have to land in jail.Singh said IAC has written a letter to chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav requesting to give permission for Kejriwal's programme in Farrukhabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16974693", "title": "4 dacoits killed in police encounter", "text": "BHOPAL: Four dacoits of the Balkhadia gang were killed in an encounter in Satna's Banka Pahar area in the wee hours on Thursday, police said.Two of the deceased were identified as Bandheja Jatav, a resident of Khanch village under Bahelapurwa police station of Karvi district (UP) and Fauji alias Chunwad Patel of Lorha village in same district. The two others are yet to be identified.Police said Balkhadia and other members, identified Jiggi Patel, Babli Kol and Ram Kol, managed to escape from the spot.Sudesh Balkhedia carries a award of Rs 2 lakh declared by UP and MP police. Babli has cash award of Rs 1.5 lakh on his head.Four weapons, including one .315 bore and a Manchester 460 bore rifle were recovered besides 150 live cartridges, mobile phones and diary. The first dacoit was shot dead at 2.30 am and the fourth one was gunned down at 7.30 pm.Satna SP P S Bisht told the media that the encounter team was led by inspector general (Rewa) G R Meena - IPS officer known for his encounters.The dacoits were located in jungle on specific inputs, Bisht said. \"They opened fire on us, when asked to surrender\" he said, adding police fired around 100 rounds in which four dacoits got killed. UP police was in a desperate hunt for this gang since they had killed six persons in Markundi area of Karvi district about two months ago. A search was on to track the remaining gang members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16976472", "title": "Youth festival from October 30", "text": "BHOPAL: The Rashtriya Sanskrit Sansthan will organize the fifth inter-campus youth festival from October 30. The four-day festival will witness several sports, cultural and literary competitions. According to organizers, governor Ramnaresh Yadav will be the chief guest of the opening ceremony.Students of ten different campuses from Jammu, Lucknow, Allahabad, Jaipur, Mumbai, Bhubneshwar, Guruvayur and Bhopal will participate. Classical Sanskrit drama 'Uttar Ramcharitam' will also be staged on November 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16973811", "title": "Secular govt no more god's gift to foreign MPs", "text": "MUMBAI: In a secular shift, the Indian government has stopped giving 'godly' gifts to visiting foreign dignitaries. Political leaders on official trips to India used to be invariably offered statuettes of the imposing Nataraja (described as the king of dance) or the portly Ganesha (the elephant god of luck). Over the last five years though, the presents have become secular. Most parliamentarians now return home with a marble vase or a sculpture of a dancing peacock, reveals an RTI query filed by activist Subhash Chandra Agrawal.The dearest of the gifts-priced between Rs 7,000 and Rs 14,000-are reserved for senior dignitaries and those leading the delegations. They range from wooden elephant statuettes and Thangka silk paintings to gold inlaid marble plates and vintage ships. Accompanying officials are mostly presented silk scarves, ties, gold-plated brass plates, bowls or marble lotas (tumblers), all of which come in the range of Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,000.The RTI shows the Lok Sabha Speaker alone spent Rs 10.66 lakh on gifts, most of which came from the Assam or Uttar Pradesh emporia.That however was a trifling compared to the amount the government spent on the travel and hospitality of visiting delegations. In the last five years, the bill for hosting dignitaries was Rs 6.25 crore.The largest of these expenditures came in December 2011. The government then spent Rs 43.31 lakh on a Myanmar delegation that travelled to Delhi, Gurgaon and Mumbai. The Speaker of the lower house of the Myanmar Parliament, Thura Shwe, was gifted a wooden elephant and all others with him took back dancing peacock statuettes worth Rs 7,550; the total spend on the gifts to them was Rs 1.11 lakh.Similarly, Rs 36.36 lakh was spent during a goodwill visit of a German delegation that journeyed to Delhi, Amritsar, Jodhpur and Mumbai. When a delegation from Cuba visited Delhi and Agra, the government spent Rs 4.61 lakh on hosting them.\"These were the years when the government had declared its austerity drive. But the RTI response reveals that millions of rupees were spent on putting up foreign dignitaries. All of them were flown to various parts of India and put up in five-star hotels,\" said Agrawal. \"One fails to understand why those accompany dignitaries cannot be put up in government guesthouses.\"Govt spent Rs 6 crore on foreign guests in 5 yearsGifts given to parliamentarians visiting India cost anywhere between Rs 7,000 and Rs 14,000, an RTI query has revealed. That, however, was a trifling compared to the amount the government spent on the travel and hospitality of visiting delegations. In the last five years, the bill for hosting dignitaries was Rs 6.25 crore.The largest of these expenditures came in December 2011. The government then spent Rs 43.31 lakh on a Myanmar delegation that travelled to Delhi, Gurgaon and Mumbai.The speaker of the lower house of the Myanmar parliament, Thura Shwe, was gifted a wooden elephant and all others with him took back dancing peacock statuettes worth Rs 7,550; the total spend on the gifts to them was Rs 1.11 lakh.Similarly, Rs 36.36 lakh was spent during a goodwill visit of a German delegation that journeyed to Delhi, Amritsar, Jodhpur and Mumbai. When a delegation from Cuba visited Delhi and Agra, the government spent Rs 4.61 lakh on hosting them. \"These were the years when the government had declared its austerity drive. But the RTI response reveals that millions of rupees were spent on putting up foreign dignitaries. All of them were flown to various parts of India and put up in five-star hotels,\" said Agrawal. \"One fails to understand why those accompany dignitaries cannot be put up in government guesthouses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973624", "title": "University Grants Commission launches online academic job portal", "text": "PUNE: The University Grants Commission (UGC) has launched an academic job portal to will help students find the right jobs and the employers the right candidates.Officiating chairman of UGC Ved Prakash has written to all university vice-chancellors about the new job portal with a plea to consider uploading their advertisements for various academic positions on the portal www.ugc.ac.in/jobportal.Among other things, the new portal will help National and State Eligibility Test (NET/SET) and PhD-qualified candidates to bring their academic profile to the attention of universities, colleges and other employers with the aim to get them a suitable job. It will facilitate the candidates to register and create their profile online.For employers, the portal will make it easier to search and browse academic profile of candidates available for filling up various academic positions. Employers can register and post their job vacancies on this portal and candidates can apply accordingly.Prakash has urged the universities to assign an officer for registering on behalf of the university/institution under the employer section. The assigned officer would receive alerts from this portal related to job-seekers and their academic profiles, he stated.Ends | Vishwas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16979622", "title": "No Mani Ratnam-Kamal Haasan project!", "text": "Contrary to reports that Mani Ratnam and Kamal Haasan were set to come back together on-screen, it looks like there is no such project as of now.When contacted, Suhasini Mani Ratnam said there was no such project and that \"there are no plans\" to make a movie with Kamal Haasan.Mani Ratnam and Kamal worked together in Nayagan which was a critcially accliamed and a commercial success. The movie was made in 1987n and till today continues to be considered a classic. It was made in Telugu and Hindi as well.In 2005, the Time Magazine included Nayagan in its list of All-Time 100 Best Films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "phulbani, odisha", "code": "16979125", "title": "Minor girl gangraped and murdered in Kandhamal", "text": "PHULBANI, ODISHA: A 13-year-old girl was murdered after being allegedly gangraped by some youths in Odisha's Kandhamal district, police said here today.The girl, A Class VII student of Dadamaha, had gone to witness a 'yatra'(play) at nearby Simanbadi village on Thursday night when the youths sexually assaulted her, sub-divisionalpolice officer (SDPO), Baliguda, Arjun Barik said.As the girl apparently attempted to raise an alarm, she was strangulated to death with her scarf, Barik said.The body was found yesterday from the roadside near Masanipada village, the SDPO said adding the incident which was first of its kind in the area had shocked the people.Post-mortem on the body was performed at Daringibadi public health centre and a case was registered on the basis of an FIR lodged by her faher, he said adding no one had been arrested in this connection yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16976486", "title": "Heaps of garbage leave Cuttack stinking", "text": "CUTTACK: Five days of festivities have left behind heaps of garbage and stench in the city. Tonnes of flowers, food packets, plastic bottles and polythene packets were found littered on Friday. The stretch from Devigada ghat (where the deities were immersed) to Khannagar resembled a garbage dump after the immersion.People complain that civic authorities are not taking any steps to either clean the river bank or the streets.What has made the matter worse is that city will celebrate Id-ul-zoha on Saturday. \"The city is filled with garbage and filth. The streets are emanating stench. How will we celebrate Eid-ul-Zuha in such an atmosphere? asked Sheikh Rehman of Sheikh Bazaar.The condition of river Kathajodi is equally bad as over 150 idols were immersed in it. \"Immersion of idols leads to river pollution but civic authorities are not at all worried about cleaning the bank. Hordes of people also depend on the river for their daily need of water,\" said Satya Narayan Das of Purighat.According to the CMC officials the city generates over 320 to 340 metric tonnes of garbage a day. But an excess waste of around 70 to 80 MT has accumulated in the city due to the puja. But CMC officials claimed its sweepers are working overtime to clean the city. \"We are cleaning the Muslim-dominated areas on a priority basis for Eid-ul-Zuha,\" said Saumendra Ghose, Mayor , Cuttack.Cuttack collector said steps are being taken to clean the Kathajodi river and Devigada. \"I have instructed the CMC officials to clean the river bank and pull out remnants of idols and polythene from the river,\" said Girish SN, the Cuttack collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16975522", "title": "'Save energy', say students", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Students of Carmel Girls Higher Secondary School, Aiswarya J S, Smrithi B S, Irene Elsa Eapen, Lakshmi Harindran S and Athulya G S along with their teacher Tissy Mary John conducted an energy conservation awareness seminar at R C Street Colony in Kunnukuzhi on Friday to spread the message 'Energy Conservation at Every Home'.Energy technologist from Energy Management Center Sandeep Kumar shared tips on everyday energy saving at home and the necessity of buying energy efficient household appliances. \"Hot debates on looming energy crisis, LPG gas cylinders and nuclear reactors are beyond our thoughts. So we planned to conduct a seminar on energy conservation at home,\" said Aiswarya.MLA K Muraleedharan, Fr Judith Paios Lawrence, Carmel school principal Sister Gracy and ward councilor Mary Pushpam were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16976143", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa loyalists are a confused lot", "text": "BANGALORE: Eight ministers, loyal to former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa , don't know what to do. Quit the cabinet now and join him on the dais at the launch of his party in Haveri on December 10 or just wait a little longer.A day after Yeddyurappa announced he'd take over as president of the Karnataka Janata Paksha (KJP), the ministers met at public works minister CM Udasi's residence on Friday. They reportedly said the launch date was Yeddyurappa's unilateral decision and their presence at the event as ministers may not go down well with constituents back home.\"If we join KJP and still remain in the government, the backlash from voters will be so severe there won't be anyone to light our pyre,\" said one minister.Yeddyurappa insists they continue as ministers till Shettar's government completes its term. \"We haven't taken any decision to quit and join Yeddyurappa's party,\" the minister said. Basavaraj Bommai, Umesh V Katti, Murugesh R Nirani, V Somanna, Narasimha Naik and M P Renukacharya were at the meeting. Yedduyrappa's exercise to woo BJP legislators to his party has not been encouraging . Yeddyurappa is said to have entrusted the task of knowing the pulse of legislators to loyalist ministers in their respective districts. \"Most MLAs sought time and some asked us to somehow stop Yeddyurappa from quitting the BJP,'' another minister said.The ministers decided to ask Yeddyurappa to postpone the launch of his party to either February or March as they are \"confused\" now.Meanwhile, chief minister Jagadish Shettar and deputy CM R Ashoka met Yeddyurappa's son BY Vijayendra at his residence late on Friday. It was an attempt to convince Yeddyurappa to stay in the party and prevent his loyal ministers from resigning.IMPORTANCE OF DEC 10The period between December 16 and January 15 is termed 'dhanurmasa' or 'shoonya masa' and considered inauspicious in the Hindu calendar. \"Yeddyurappa is in a hurry to launch the party much before 'dhanurmasa' sets in,\" the minister said.ADVANI'S AIDE BATS FOR YEDDYURAPPABJP leader LK Advani's former aide Sudheendra Kulkarni said Yeddyurappa quitting the BJP was a matter of concern. \"Yeddyurappa is a principal contributor to BJP's growth in Karnataka. He is a mass leader. Some unfortunate developments led to his ouster from the CM's post,\" Kulkarni said on Friday.\"The party was voted to power by people of Karnataka with great expectations. State BJP leaders should respect accordingly,\" he said.On developments in Delhi, Kulkarni said the UPA government should show the same seriousness as exhibited by BJP president Nitin Gadkari and face a probe into corruption charges.'HIS PARTY IS JUST FOR PERSONAL AMBITIONS'At another press conference, JD(S) leader HD Kumaraswamy criticized former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's move to float a regional party. \"The party is being launched to fulfil his personal ambitions. There's no goal of state development in the move,\" he said. Kumaraswamy also welcomed a Lokayukta inquiry into the Bangalore Mysore Infrastructure Corridor issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16977978", "title": "Law breakers should be punished", "text": "The policemen in this case are doubly guilty. They should not have been resorting to violence against the youth in the first place. Having been caught in the act of doing so, they compounded their guilt by assaulting the photographer who was only doing his duty in capturing shots of their assault on the youth. This kind of wanton violence and intimidation of the media must be dealt with severely by the police. It is not enough to suspend the errant cops or give them a punishment posting. A case must be filed against them for assault and they must be prosecuted vigorously.Related story : Caught bashing youths, cop hits photographer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16976561", "title": "HC asks BJP\u2019s Rathore to surrender", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court on Friday asked BJP legislator and chief whip of the party in the state assembly Rajendra Singh Rathore to surrender before the trial court immediately for his involvement in the 2006 Dara Singh fake encounter case.The order came on revision petitions filed by CBI and Sushila Devi, wife of deceased Dara Singh, against the Jaipur sessions court order discharging Rathore of the charges of being the key conspirator of the fake encounter. Part of the liquor mafia, Dara Singh was killed in a fake encounter in 2006. Rathore was a cabinet minister in Vasundhara Raje government when the incident took place. \"I will appeal in Supreme Court. I have filed an application in HC seeking four weeks time to prepare a petition to file in the Supreme Court. I have full faith in the legal system of the country. Two previous orders went in my favour and I respect this one too,\" said Rathore, through a communique sent to media.Special prosecutor for CBI Harish Rawal contended that the trial court has not appreciated the evidence properly and the factum of the offence was established by the statements of witnesses. He also said that the delay of four years in recording of statements of the victim's wife and other witnesses does not affect the merit of the case. However, a battery of lawyers lead by Sushil Kumar and Surendra Singh argued that there was no sufficient material which could connect Rathore with the Dara encounter.Setting aside the discharge order, the HC bench held that the sessions judge was not correct in appreciating evidence at the stage of framing of charges, which can be done only at the trial stage. The district and sessions judge had on May 31 discharged Rathore in the Dara encounter case.The district and sessions judge had on May 31 discharged Rathore in the Dara encounter case wherein CBI had termed him as the main accused and conspirator for staging the fake encounter. The trial court had not found material evidence to frame charges against him.Justice Ajay Rastogi who delivered the judgment on Friday in a jam-packed court room also directed the police and trial court to take necessary steps to arrest Rathore in case he fails to surrender immediately. The court mandated charges include murder, conspiracy to murder, shielding culprits etc.The judgment reads, \"The circumstantial evidence, oral and documentary, collected during investigation prima facie elicited that respondent (Rajendra Rathore) had engineered a criminal conspiracy with a motive to manage fake encounter of Dara Singh, but ignoring circumstantial connecting evidence at the stage of framing of the charge, the court of session exceeded its jurisdiction while passing the order for discharging Rathore.\"According to the chargesheet filed by the CBI, Dara Singh was allegedly detained illegally by officials of a Special Operations Group, who took him to an isolated place near Amber on the outskirts of Jaipur and killed him. Rathore, who was the Parliamentary Affairs Minister at the time of the incident, was arrested on April 5 this year for his alleged involvement in the fake encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16974011", "title": "Chain snatched on Pune-Satara Road", "text": "PUNE: Two unidentified persons on a motorcycle snatched a gold chain worth Rs 45,000 from a 46-year-old woman on the Pune-Satara Road early on Friday morning.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Jayshree Anant Bhosale of S T Colony, Pune-Satara Road, at the Dattawadi police station.Assistant police inspector of the Dattawadi police station S N Pawar said that on Friday around 6am. Bhosale was taking her garbage out when the suspects snatched her gold chain and fled the spot. \"We are investigating further,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16976351", "title": "Hazaribag Municipality to start bus services soon", "text": "HAZARIBAG: To provide greater transport facility ataffordable rates to the people of Hazaribag, the Hazaribag Municipality has decided to launch its maiden City Transport Bus Services.Rachna Bhagat, SDO Hazaribag Sadar-cum-chief executive officer of the municipality, said, \"I have accepted the proposals of the ward commissioners who put forth their proposals in the meeting of the Hazaribag Municipal Board here yesterday.\"The ward commissioners pointed out in the meeting that the passengers travelling from the outskirts of Hazaribag town such as far-flung areas of Korra, Matwari, Hearngunje, College More, Ramnagar and Hurhuru localities are harassed by auto rickshaw drivers and often fleeced by them. This has caused a lot of problem for the commoners especially the middle-class families who are often required to travel to Hazaribag for work, medical treatment, studies, shopping, etc. Thus, the ward commissioners demanded immediate launch of the bus services.\"Since we have fund for two mini buses, a decision was taken to purchase one bus initially and operate the same to see the viability of starting bus services in this route. If it proves to be successful, another bus will be purchased for the convenience of the people of Hazaribag,\" Rachna said.A decision has been taken to purchase the bus through tender and once it is purchased they will issue the launch date and the route chart with fares for the convenience of the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16973791", "title": "Mumbai pays dividends for this Croat", "text": "MUMBAI: The towel seems to be the best companion for this youngster besides his racquet as he toils in humid conditions at the Cricket Club of India (CCI) courts.But for Mate Pavic, who wants to reach the pinnacle of world tennis some day following in the footsteps of fellow Croatian and 2001 Wimbledon champion Goran Ivanisevic , soaring in world rankings seems not as important as growth of the sport in his region.Pavic has been playing extensively in neighbouring Austria due to unavailability of good tournaments at home. \"I have almost shifted base to Austria since the last year and a half as there are not many tournaments happening in Croatia. There isn't much money on offer and I am unable to get good practice partners too at Split (his hometown),\" said Pavic, who upset fourth seed Liang-Chi Huang of Chinese Taipei 1-6, 6-4, 6-2 to make his first final on the Futures circuit at the $15,000 CCI-ITF event on Friday. Pavic will face sixth seed Jeevan Nedunchezhiyan in the summit clash.With winters having arrived in Europe, the 19-year-old had to choose between South America and India for the remainder of the season. Not to mention, his choice has already fetched him decent dividends.\"This is my best show in the circuit after my second round appearances in ATP Tour events in Umag (Croatia Open) and in The Netherlands (Unicef Open),\" the World No. 464 said.\"Coming to Mumbai has not been a bad move, though it is difficult to play in so much heat and humidity. My target was to enter the top-400 by the year-end and I think with a final appearance I have already completed my goal,\" said the 2011 junior doubles Wimbledon champion with George Morgan , who will compete in the Pune Futures next week.Pavic, essentially a doubles player, had a major boost of confidence when he defeated 2003 French Open winner Juan Carlos Ferrero in straight sets in Umag this July.\"That was simply incredible. Couldn't have thought of beating him. But after that I lost the next 2-3 matches (laughs),\" said the 6feet 3inch high southpaw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16974215", "title": "4 held for assault on shop owner", "text": "Four men were arrested by Malwani police on Thursday after they assaulted a shop owner, Balasaheb Pawar, and his brother with knives in Malad. At least two more persons are still wanted. Pawar had asked accused Sunny Duggal to remove his goods from outside Pawar's shop, which triggered an argument.Woman molested during garbaA 25-year-old man was arrested by the Borivli police late on Wednesday for allegedly molesting a woman while she was playing garba at Gorai. The accused, Akash Gaikwad, was produced before a metropolitan court and was released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978518", "title": "My journey into showbiz began from Belgaum: Lakshmi Rai", "text": "If Belgaum has to have a poster girl from the city, one automatically thinks of Lakshmi Rai. The svelte actor, who still considers Belgaum her favourite getaway from the frenzy of the film industry, gets chatty as shares her most cherished memories here.\"I moved to Belgaum after completing my primary schooling in Bangalore. During my high school days, I was more interested in the cultural activities. When I was in class eight, actor Padmini Kolhapure graced our annual day function. She had recently opened her acting school and I was completely bowled over by the thought of getting into showbiz,\" says Lakshmi.The actor says she convinced her parents and took up an acting course in Mumbai. \"My parents wanted me to complete my studies, but since I'd got into modelling and also ended up winning the Miss Belgaum title, I had to discontinue my studies. So my journey into showbiz began in Belgaum,\" says Lakshmi.For the actor, an annual trip home makes for the comforting time off, where she soaks into the spirit of Belgaum. \"There's something wonderful about the city. It is so peaceful, the people are warm and affectionate and it makes for the ideal setting when one wants to retire and just enjoy life at its own place. Its proximity to beautiful holiday spots is an added advantage,\" says Lakshmi.There are a couple of 'must dos' on her list every time Lakshmi visits the city. \"I love the food here. Small eateries whip up the best chaats. The other thing that I love is kunda. Everytime I head back to Mumbai from Belgaum, my luggage consists of more kunda than clothes,\" says Lakshmi.For the Kalpana heroine, the fact that Belgaum is getting noticed and growing in importance is a heartening fact. \"Belgaum offers some quality educational insitutions. This is a reason why you'll find some of the brightest young minds from across the globe studying in the institutions. With the city being recognized as the second capital of the state, it shows the progress it is making,\" says Lakshmi.The actor is slated for a visit to the city soon, she reveals. \"My sister will be getting married in November, so I'm going to be stationed here and will be part of all the celebrations. I cannot wait to get back to Belgaum.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974613", "title": "Raj at Matoshree", "text": "MUMBAI: Raj Thackeray's meeting with Bal Thackeray at Matoshree on Friday has fuelled fresh speculation about a patch-up between the Sena and MNS. \"I had told Balasaheb on the Dussehra day that I would come to see him in a day or two,'' Raj said after his visit.He declined to divulge details of his talks. In his Dussehra rally address, the Thackeray Sr had briefly touched upon the Sena-MNS unity. Stating that the Sena had lost all BMC seats this year, he said it was due to the division of Marathi votes. \"Marathi votes should not split,'' he said, hinting at a Sena-MNS truce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16973987", "title": "Rs3 crore for 3-day function", "text": "NAGPUR: A young girl has approached the high court to demand an enquiry into NIT's decision to celebrate its platinum jubilee from Saturday. She has alleged that the trust was splurging Rs3 crore public money on the three-day extravaganza. The PIL will come up for hearing before a division bench on November 23.Akhil Bharat Hindu Mahasabha's Mohan Karemore and Jan Manch's Ashok Lanjewar had also opposed the expenditure by NIT and served notices to the trust chairman. NIT chairman Pravin Darade had then claimed that they would be getting all funds through sponsorships, including those from the builders' association CREDAI.Citing a TOI report of October 17 and a RTI query by Jan Manch, Ankita Shah (24) has claimed that NIT had approved expenditure of Rs3 crores for the revelry, mainly entertainment , instead of developing public amenities.Shah has said that NIT will be spending Rs1.45 crores on celebrities like actor Hema Malini and singers Asha Bhosle and Shankar Mahadevan. The artists would charge Rs30-50 lakh each, while another Rs25 lakh would be spent on the arrangements. Hema Malini's fee alone for performing a dance show comes to about Rs30 lakh. Another Rs50 lakh is likely to be spent on a 10-day international chess competition, out which Rs20 lakh will be contributed by NIT while the rest will be raised through sponsors. Another Rs5 lakh will be spent on illumination and Rs10 lakh on a feast for NIT employees. The total expenditure comes to about Rs2 crore.Citing Section 24-E of Nagpur Improvement Trust and (Amendment) Act 2011, Shah said that NIT's move was actually an abuse and misuse of funds and was against the financial interests of the trust and general public.\"The NIT chairman has not even published information about this activity anywhere, whereas according to Section 4(1)(b) and 4(1)(c) of RTI Act it is clearly mentioned that they have to publish the information which affects the public in any manner,\" she told TOI.NIT had even said that businessman Baba Dawre had sponsored vehicles for the celebrities. Even Dawre confirmed that he had provided luxury cars for the movement of actors free of cost.Shah further claims that NIT had even invited tenders from an event management company. After she read about the event in TOI, she informed chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and other government authorities about the issue. However, after failing to get any response, she decided to file a PIL against the splurging of public funds. She prayed for cancellation of the event and utilization of these funds for development activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "16976279", "title": "Priest gets jail for forced sex with wife", "text": "AMBALA: A local court on Friday sentenced a temple priest to one-year imprisonment for having forced sex with his wife.The court of additional sessions judge Poonam Suneja passed the orders after holding Shivpuri, a priest of Rambag temple in Ambala Cantt, guilty of the offence.The police had registered a case under sections 376 A (forced intercourse with wife), 323 (causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC against the priest on May 11, 2011, at the Ambala Cantt police station on the complaint of Gurdev Kaur.In her complaint to the police, 36-year-old Kaur had alleged that her husband Shivpuri, 44, not only had forced sex with her but also threatened to kill her.Police had registered a case after conducting an inquiry and on the basis of the medical report of the woman, which had confirmed \"forced sexual intercourse\".Around 14 persons, including the doctor, who had examined Kaur, were presented before the court as witnesses during the trial.Kaur's advocate Khushi Ram said that in cases of forced intercourse with wife, maximum punishment a court can order is of two years.\"The court sentenced Shivpuri to one year prison as no cruelty or violence was reported by the victim,\" added Khushi Ram.On the other hand, Shivpuri has claimed that he was framed by his wife in a false case after he had refused to part with her share of property.Shivpuri has decided to move the Punjab and Haryana high court against the Ambala court orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16974422", "title": "Three women bag lifters held", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three women of a family were arrested on Thursday for their involvement in a series of bag lifting cases in buses and other areas. They were remanded to judicial custody on Friday. The police have seized 21 sovereigns of gold jewels and Rs65,000 from them.The bag lifters have been identified as P Lakshmi alias Vijayalakshmi, 55, her two daughters V Kalpana, 38 and A Sona, 26, all hailing from Moolapalayam in Erode district.Police said, the women had been visiting Tirupur, Salem and Coimbatore by bus. They selected crowded places for lifting the bags. On Thursday, they stepped into a bus at Kavundampalayam and lifted a bag which contained four sovereigns of gold chain.The victim N Kaliammal, 52 of Pannimadai, had realised her bag was missing and suspected the trio. Immediately, she conducted a check with them and seized her bag. Saibaba Colony police was alerted and the trio was handed over to the police.Police conducted a detailed investigation with them. They confessed to have been involved in three bag lifting cases in Kattoor and Race Course police station limits. Police have seized 21 sovereigns of gold ornaments and Rs65,000 from them.Saibaba Colony police Inspector (crime) Rajan said, \"the women are involved in at least four cases in the city.\" A case has been registered and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16976498", "title": "Bhubaneswar gets Central Public Works Department zonal office", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Central Public Works Department (CPWD), the premier construction agency of the Union government, set up a zonal office in city's Pokhariput recently, a senior CPWD officer said. The agency has been engaged in the construction of several flagship projects such as IIT Bhubaneswar, ITBP campus in Khurda and Central University of Orissa. Till now, the Odisha work of the agency was controlled from the zonal office at Patna .Sansar Pattanayak has joined as the first chief engineer of the zone. The new zone shall look after the construction and maintenance activities of all central government departments, PSUs as well as central-sponsored schemes in Odisha. It is expected that construction and infrastructure development activities in the state shall get a further boost as the zonal office will fasten planning and decision-making initiatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16975907", "title": "Two injured in a gas cylinder blast", "text": "BANGALORE: Two people were injured in a gas cylinder blast in KG Halli on Friday morning. One of the injured, a 50-year old woman, is undergoing treatment in Al Habeeb Hospital on KG Halli main road.According to police, Razia, a resident of 8{+t}{+h} cross, Umar Nagar in Govidpalaya had called Harish, a mechanic, to repair her gas stove in the morning. Harish came to the house around 11am. He left the gas cylinder open while working. Razia who came to the kitchen at that time lit a match box, resulting in the blast. Harish suffered minor injuries. Razia suffered burn injuries and was rushed to hospital.A statement was filed with KG Halli police by her daughter, Shaeen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16973920", "title": "Small village wins battle against dengue, malaria", "text": "BHANDARA: Even as metros like Mumbai and Delhi, which have better civic amenities and well equipped hospitals, are in the grip of dengue fever , maintaining cleanliness and hygiene has helped a hamlet from Bhandara district in prevention of malaria , swine flu, chikungunya and dengue since last two years.Beed (Sitepar), a village situated 15kms from Bhandara district, houses 280 families with a population of 1131 - 565 male and 566 female. The village has won many awards including Sant Gadgebaba award for cleanliness and total sanitation (Rs 10 Lakh), Nirmal Gram Puraskar, Yashwant Panchayat Raj Puraskar, (8 lakh )and Panchayatraj Sabalikaran Puraskar of the central government (Rs 6 Lakh ).A team led by medical officer of Warthi PHC Dr PN Gajbhiye visited the village recently and certified the sanitation and hygiene facilities here, said sources. According to Gram Sevika of Beed, Niranjana Khandalkar, every drain in the village is covered and soak pits have been built near wells and bore wells to take care of waste water. \"Since June, not a single villager has gone to the PHC or private physician for treatment of malaria, chikungunya, swine flu or dengue. Last year, too, no cases were reported,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16974142", "title": "No respite for Goa from heat yet", "text": "PANAJI: The mercury has started dipping in the north, but in Goa it has been rising a little and it may take a few more days for the state to feel the usual chill of the mild winter, sources at the meteorological centre said.The mercury came down a wee bit on Friday, as the met centre, Altinho, recorded 34.2C on Friday, but it had touched 35.7C on Thursday. The met centre had recorded a maximum temperature of 36.3C last Friday. This was the highest this month.Higher temperatures are not really surprising as the met centre has recorded the rising trend of mercury in the past too. \"The highest maximum October temperature was 37.2C on October 15, 2008,\" met director K V Singh said. It has been keeping records at the department since 1971.Day temperatures have been fluctuating around 34 to 35C for the past few days, as compared to the normal temperature of 32 degrees celsius. \"The temperature has increased with the disappearance of cloud cover,\" Singh added.The night sky remains partly clouded and this is responsible for higher minimum temperatures. The met centre recorded 24.6C on Friday morning, a degree above the normal. The mercury had started going down after the monsoon withdrew from the state on October 14. It had slid to 20.7C on October 18. The onset of the north east monsoon played spoilsport.It may take a few days for the wind direction to change. \"At present, easterly winds are blowing and temperatures will come down after north easterlies commence,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16974065", "title": "Yakubu, the Ghanaian striker threat for Churchill", "text": "PANAJI: Subhash Bhowmick is lavish in his praise for Yakubu Yusif even though the Ghanaian striker is now in the twilight of his career.\"He is among the best foreign players to have played in India, and personally, he is my favourite. You never know what he can do (on the field),\" said Bhowmick.Bhowmick's praise for the veteran striker is not out of place, but coaches, generally, reserve such praises only for their own players. Yakubu -- Bhowmick's favourite -- belongs to the enemy camp and can be the deciding factor when Churchill Brothers meet Mumbai FC in a third round I-League clash at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda on Saturday.Under Bhowmick, Churchill have been transformed into a fighting unit with emphasis on team-work. Performances in the Federation Cup and two I-League matches have suggested that the team is on the right track, but as the blemish in the opener against Dempo Sports Club , and the Federation Cup setback, reveals, there is still plenty of work to do.\"This is work in progress. What we need is experience,\" admitted Bhowmick, who will field the same squad that demolished a hapless ONGC 5-0 in the previous clash.Churchill may not need too much of experience against Mumbai FC, who are yet to open their account after two games. What they have should be enough to smother their rivals, even though the hosts are keeping their fingers crossed.\"Yakubu's entry will make Mumbai FC much stronger. Just look at their strikeforce ,\" said the Churchill technical director.Mumbai FC's strikeforce, apart from Yakubu of course, will include a certain Ndubusi Opara, who, last year, pulled on the Churchill jersey and gave a fairly good account of himself with a hat-trick to boot. He must have been expecting a better contract, or at least an extended deal, but instead was told to look for another club.Mumbai FC coach Khalid Jamil needs no reminding that his side has lacked bite and sharpness. In two previous matches, they have been far from impressive. But with Yakubu set to make his debut for the visitors, and Opara, left with a point to prove, they could leave Churchill with an ugly scar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16973988", "title": "Sports minister Ajay Maken opts out of Indian GP for second year running", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a postcard moment for generations to come when Sachin Tendulkar waved the chequered flag at the inaugural Airtel Indian Grand Prix last year. This time around the organizers, Jaypee Sports International Limited (JPSI), were keen on sports minister Ajay Maken doing the honours.But for the second year running, Maken will not be able to attend the Indian GP in spite of getting a JPSI invite since he is out of town. As reported by TOI earlier, Bollywood actor Hrithik Roshan, who was JPSI's second choice will wave the flag.\"We had sent the invite to sports minister Maken as he was our preferred choice. But we have not heard anything from him yet and he won't be attending the race since he is travelling,\" a senior JPSI official said.\"Our second choice was always Hrithik Roshan and he'll be waving the chequered flag,\" the official added.Sport ministers in the past though have preferred to keep their distance from Formula One , some even going to the extent of not considering it a 'sport'. It seems that is not likely to change anytime soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974546", "title": "6 dengue deaths suspected, one recorded", "text": "CHENNAI: At least six deaths, suspected to be due to dengue, were reported from different hospitals in six districts, including Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur, in the last two days. The state health department, however, said only one of the deaths \u2014 that of a seven-year-old boy at the Rajaji Government Hospital in Madurai late on Thursday \u2014 was due to dengue.The department said it had tightened its surveillance system and all cases of dengue from private and government hospitals were being reported to a control room. \"We have only one dengue death. Others were due to chronic ailments and disorders,\" said a health department official. There has been a more than two-fold increase in dengue cases across the state this year and four-fold increase across the southern states. Tamil Nadu has recorded more than 6,000 cases so far this year.Officials say they have been fighting hard to bring the disease under control, yet isolated pockets in several districts of northern and central Tamil Nadu continue to be affected. Vellore district officials said there were two suspected dengue deaths there. S Mahalakshmi, 24, a post-graduate student of Thoraipadi in Vellore corporation limits who admitted with symptoms of dengue to Vellore Government General hospital on October 23, died around 4am on Friday. In Jangalapalli village in Katpadi, D Gokulraj, 4, a UKG student in a private school, was admitted to the Christian Medical College hospital with symptoms of dengue on October 21. He died around 2pm on Friday. \"We don't yet know if they had dengue. We are awaiting test reports,\" an official said.The number of cases increased in the last two months and the state has recorded 11 deaths in October. On Friday, 187 patients were admitted to government hospitals and more than 20 were being treated at private hospitals. About 300 people tested positive for dengue in standard tests and 200 more tested positive in lesser reliable tests, a directorate of public health official said. Besides, at least six people have died of a \"mysterious fever,\" the state health department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16974413", "title": "Private colleges to petition govt on reforms", "text": "COIMBATORE: A series of reforms planned to be introduced by the Ministry of Human Resource Development is troubling educational institutions. The Union Government tried to introduce the bills in the Rajya Sabha in August but they were withdrawn following protests within the ruling political party itself. The bills are still pending with the Rajya Sabha.Private colleges fear that if the bills are passed they can harm the functioning of the institutions. They are planning to petition the Union Government and if it doesn't fetch results, they plan to approach the courts. They feel that this will infringe upon the functioning of the colleges, said A M M Khaleel, secretary, Association of Self-Financing Arts, Science, and Management Colleges.\"The union government is trying to pass a few bills in the field of education. This involves introducing an accreditation authority for institutions, an educational tribunal bill, inviting foreign institutions and a few others.This will affect the functioning of the institutions,\" Khaleel said. Some provisions they oppose is the accreditation authority proposed for all colleges. The bill proposes that all the institutions should take accreditation. Those who fail to do so will be fined and even jailed. Apart from this, there are proposals to bring in an educational tribunal to deal with litigations.India, along with Pakistan and Bangladesh are the only countries where colleges are affiliated withuniversities. When universities observe an elaborate process to acquire affiliation, it will be an additional administrative burden for the institutions, he says. \"Will the same criteria be applied to government colleges,\" asks the owner of a private college. They are also apprehensive about the foreign universities setting shop in the country. With the high fees they will be able to charge, these institutions would eat into their market, they feel.Some educationalists feel that if implemented effectively, it could embody the much needed reforms in the higher educational sector. E Balaguruswamy, former VC of Anna University of Technology says the accreditation process will help to ensure the much needed qualitative changes in the higher educational sector. Some colleges also feel that this may provide fresh opportunities. T Dheepan, managing trustee of an engineering college near the city says that with more foreign universities, the colleges here will be able to have more resource sharing with those institutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978962", "title": "Priyanka Chopra is simply unbelievable: Enrique", "text": "A lot of international artists are visiting India and Enrique Iglesias is the latest to join the bandwagon. The international singing sensation recently had a tour to India with a power-packed concert in Bengaluru.Enrique who has given us some popular tracks like 'Escape', 'Hero' and 'Heartbeat' is one of the most lovable artiste among the Indians, and has a crazy fan following. After the concert, he had some fun filled interaction with the audience and his fans.While he was spontaneous in responding to all the questions, when asked about which Bollywood babe had caught his attention, he replied \"I would say Priyanka Chopra . I got to meet her and also managed to see a few of her movies. I loved them! She is great and simply unbelievable.\"And that not all, he added saying \"I also recently heard her single, it was pretty good. I enjoyed it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16976602", "title": "Two girls jump in front of train, one killed", "text": "KANPUR: A 22-year-old girl died while her 20-year-old friend is in serious condition after they jumped in front of a running train near Jhinjhak railway station under Mangalpur police station in Kanpur Dehat on Friday.The deceased has been identified as Priyanka and the injured girl as Seema, who is undergoing treatment at Ursala Horseman hospital. Priyanka was a student of BA (IInd year) while Seema of BA (Ist year) at Rama Devi Mahavidhyalaya in Jhinjhak area. Priyanka was found dead on the railway track near West cabin at Jhinjhak railway station and Seema was found lying with serious injuries. It is suspected that the two may have jumped before the Muri Express. The locals said that they saw the duo rushing towards the railway tracks when the train approached but before they could realise what was the issue, they threw themselves before the train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975762", "title": "Filmmaker turns lens on Ganga pollution", "text": "KOLKATA: While the immersion crowd is busy with the last-minute rituals at the city ghats, film maker Raja Sen has turned the lens on the changing face of the ghats during the immersion.Known for documentaries on Sambhu Mitra, Suchitra Mitra, Tapan Sinha and Subhas Mukhopadhyay, Sen's latest documentary is aimed at creating awareness on river pollution. It will be titled 'Ganga Bachao'.Winner of the national award for the film Damu, Sen will be making this 15-minute documentary, sponsored by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC), to showcase how the river's sacred water is polluted during immersion. The by men and new efforts to reduce pollutants.Sen will mostly focus on Babu Ghat, Princep Ghat and Nimtolla Ghat, but also capture on lens other ghats in the city. The documentary will also focus on the swanky riverfront, which was recently thrown open to the public. have shots of recently-beautified riverfront.\"Immersion leads to pollution. Now, efforts are on to crane out the idols, so that the river remains safe,\" said Sen. He hoped that the documentary would encourage the younger generation to keep the river safe and clean. The documentary will also have interviews of some community puja organizers, who will be giving their takes on pollution during immersion.Sen visited several ghats when immersion started on Wednesday and did a recce for his documentary. \"The ghats are going to be much cleaner this time as the level of awareness has improved,\" Sen said, adding that He has already visited the ghats on Sunday and will be visiting the ghats again in a few days. According to him,the shoot would continue till the Lakshmi Puja. the ghats once again to finalize the shoot which will be on till Lakshmi puja.The way the idols are collected from the rivers and stacked on the riverbanks will be showcased in the documentary. \"We want to make people aware about a safe river,\" said Sen.His documentary will show how the ghats used to look during immersion in the earlier years. when idols were immersed in the river earlier.\"Now, there is a separate place to stack dry flowers. This has reduced pollution,\" he added. The way to keep the river pollution free is to create awareness.The city ghats are witnessing lights, sound and action as cameras capture Durga puja immersions till the extended deadline on Sunday. Showcasing the changing face of the ghats during immersions on celluloid is film director Raja Sen. On Dashami, he was trying to position himself to get the right frame for his documentary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16975284", "title": "Guthigar girl makes district proud", "text": "MANGALORE: Dhruthi Mundodi, a class VII student hailing from Guthigar village in Sullia taluk, 120 kilometres from Mangalore, has won first prize for her science model at Inspire National-Level Science Exhibition organized by the department of science and technology, government of India.The competition was held in New Delhi between October 21 and 23. Dhruthi received the Inspire Award on the final day of the contest for her science model, Super Dikkel, an eco-friendly device used for drying agricultural products like coconut, coffee seeds and paddy. The device can also be used as a stove. Super Dikkel works using solar energy and with the energy produced by burning agricultural waste materials like coir and cow dung. The device can be worked without LPG, firewood or any other kind of fuels. The unique feature of the device is that it produces very less smoke while drying agricultural products.Dhruthi's father Mani Mundodi is a farmer. She is a student of Blessed Kuriakose English Medium Higher Primary School, Guthigar. Friends of Druthi and her school authorities will felicitate her on her arrival in Guthigar from New Delhi on Saturday.Mani Mundodi said, \"My daughter with the help of her teachers took 20 days to design Super Dikkel. Druhti's dream is to get a patent for her working science model.\"Druthi has also bagged prizes at International Chintana Science Exam, International Navodaya Chemistry Competition, International Science Talent Exam and other competitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16976558", "title": "Chief minister for speedy disposal of SC/ST atrocity cases", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Friday asked DGP Abhayanand to chalk out an action plan to ensure prompt investigation and speedy disposal of pending cases registered under various the provisions of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act- 1989.He also asked top bureaucrats, including chief secretary and home secretary, to take effective measures to ensure stern actions against the accused involved in the cases pertaining to atrocities against the SCs/STs.The chief minister was reviewing cases related to atrocities against SCs/STs while presiding over a meeting of the state level vigilance and monitoring committee constituted under the provisions of the SCs &amp; STs (Prevention of Atrocities) Rules-1995. Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi , revenue and land reforms minister Ramai Ram, SC/ST welfare minister Jitan Ram Manjhi, MP and ex-CM Ram Sunder Das, state mahadalit commission chairman Uday Kumar Manjhi, state Scheduled Castes commission chairman Vidyanand Vikal, its vice-chairman Yogendra Paswan, member Kanchan Bala Chaudhary, chief secretary A K Sinha, principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani, principal secretary, planning and development Vijay Prakash , DGP Abhayanand and CM's Principal Secretary Anjani Kumar Singh were also present at the meeting.\"While reviewing the cases, the CM ordered to prepare an action plan at the DGP level. He also asked officials to communicate all SPs and other police officers concerned about the work-plan for the proper implementation,\" the SC/ST welfare department's principal secretary Ravi Parmar said after the meeting.The CM also advised for creation of a special cell in the SC/ST welfare department for proper monitoring of the actions being taken by police in the atrocities cases, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16973842", "title": "Indian Grand Prix: Sebastian Vettel sets the pace for the weekend", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: If Sebastian Vettel's pace was any indication in the Friday practice sessions for the Airtel Indian Grand Prix, then this weekend may just go Red Bull's way. The defending world champion was 0.3 seconds faster than the rest of the field in the first session with a fastest lap of 1m 27.619 sec.Even though his closest rival Fernando Alonso nearly managed to lop a second off that time in the second session with a fast lap of 1.26.820, Vettel, who's gunning for his third consecutive title, went even faster. At the end of the second practice session, Vettel was ahead of the 23 other cars by 0.6s with a 1.26.221-timed lap to his name. His Red Bull Racing teammate Mark Webber wasn't too far behind at 1.26.339.Vettel, though, didn't sound too impressed with the pace. \"Friday's are always difficult with so many things changing. The track improvement was quite big today, it was dusty to start with and improved lap by lap, so I wouldn't be surprised if tomorrow (Saturday) the order is different. But we've had worse Fridays, so I am happy. We need to keep working and improve a little bit overnight,\" was his response.The cars from Milton Keynes could still be the team to beat this weekend, though Alonso could take heart from Ferrari's strong page in the latter half of the day. The 17th racing weekend of the year, which could swing the championship in either driver's favour - Vettel leads Alonso by just six points in the drivers' championship - looks set for racing that would please both drivers and fans. Described by many as a dusty track which made caring for tyres that much harder last year, the BIC, though still dirty - as are most tracks that aren't used regularly - improved with every lap.Though both practice sessions were comparatively incident-free, the second session did see a couple of issues prop up for teams, who were probably focused more on setting up short-and-long-distance setups than setting fast lap times. Ferrari's Felipe Massa spun at Turn 11, 20 minutes into the session, after taking liberties with the Astroturf on the inside. He damaged his hard set of tyres and became the first of the frontrunners to switch to the soft option tyre.But his misery didn't end there. He spun again at Turn 9, complaining of 'a very strange balance' in the car. Having damaged both his sets of tyres - each driver receives 11 sets of tyres for a race weekend and is stipulated to use a certain set or combinations for each session - he was done for the day. Even Alonso found the going difficult on the soft tyres and complained about the balance of the car and it's something that Ferrari would be looking to sort out. Kimi Raikkonen , who had his first taste of the Indian track, finished the first session 10th but found the pace to finish fifth in the second 90-minute practice session of the day. He said that grip was difficult to find on the hard tyres. \"Our car was working well, especially on soft tyres but with the hard tyres it was more difficult to find grip,\" he said afterwards.With another practice session scheduled for Saturday morning, plenty of exciting changes up and down the order can be expected before the 24 cars go in for the afternoon qualifying session.How the qualifying sessions unfoldThe Qualifying session lasts one hour and is divided into three parts: Q1, Q2 and Q3...Q1: (From 2pm to 2:20pm) The driver can start his lap whenever he chooses. There is no restriction on the number of laps each driver can make. The slowest seven* cars are eliminated. Depending on their timings, they take the 18th to 24th position on the grid. There is a catch though - any driver whose best timing exceeds 107% of pole position holder's timing can't take part in the race.Q2: (From 2:27pm to 2:42pm) The remaining 17 cars try to register the fastest time. The Q1 timings are eliminated. Again, the slowest seven cars are eliminated, taking the 11th to 17th positions.Q3: (From 2:50pm to 3pm) The last 10 cars fight for the pole position. With just 10 minutes left, the real scramble begins, making it the most exciting part of the day.*Note: If only 22 cars are entered in qualifying then only six cars will be eliminated from Q1 and Q2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16975215", "title": "Permanent market complex for Self-Help Groups", "text": "MANGALORE: Self-Help Group (SHG) members in the city will soon get their own community hall-cum-market complex at Bejai.The proposed three-storied District Sthreeshakti Community and Market Complex will have a separate market area with all facilities for SHGs to sell their home industry products and products manufactured under self employment schemes without shelling out a penny as rent.The complex will also have a hall to conduct district-level fairs and other programmes. The department of women and child welfare also has plans to conduct training for SHG members in various skills in the centre.Deputy director of the department T Shakunthala, said, \"It will be a permanent market place for SHG members, who are engaged in self employment. The project is expected to complete within a year.\" Women Development Corporation's district women development officer S Chandrika said that community halls were provided at Bantwal, Sullia and Puttur taluks for the SHGs to sell their products.Similar complexes with market centres for SHGs will also be coming up in Belthangadi, Edapadavu and in Mangalore rural.The complex at Bejai will be constructed in five cents of land at an estimated cost of Rs 96 lakh. \"While the department has already released Rs 9 lakh, Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat has contributed Rs 25 lakh under Swarna Jayanthi Rural Self Employment Scheme,\" she said.\"There are 106 SHGs with a strength of 1,938 members in the city. As many as 610 women in the city run their own business with the help of self employment schemes of the government. In the district, there are 3,895 SHGs with 55,933 members,\" Chandrika added.More info: The proposed District Sthreeshakti Community and Market Complex will have a separate market area with all facilities for SHGs to sell their home industry products. The complex will also have a hall to conduct district-level fairs and other programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16976000", "title": "Markets abuzz on the eve of Eid", "text": "LUDHIANA: On the eve of Eid-ul-Zuha \u2014 the holy festival of sacrifice \u2014 markets in the city stayed abuzz with people flocking the stores for final round of shopping.On Saturday, thousands will gather at the major mosques in the city in the morning to offer prayers, and head to offer sacrifice after that.People from the Muslim community bought clothes, spices and other eatables from major markets like those at Field Ganj, Kidwai Nagar and Civil Lines. Field Ganj resident Muhammad Shahnawaz, an MNC employee, said he bought spices, milk and curd to be used in the kitchen on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975222", "title": "Exclusivity drives up rates in Lutyens\u2019 zone", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sluggishness in the real estate market is not showing in Lutyens' Delhi with a number of high-value transactions \u2014 ranging between Rs 150 crore and Rs 600 crore \u2014 close to being finalized.The fascination for an exclusive address is driving prices, which consultants say, is so high that the asking prices are close to Rs 16 lakh per square yard in Golf Links, Rs 15 lakh per sq yard in Sundar Nagar and Rs 14.52 lakh per sq yard in Jorbagh. In contrast, properties on Aurangzeb Road, Prithviraj Road and Amrita Shergill Marg are valued at around Rs 7.5-10 lakh a square feet.Jones Lang Lasalle chairman and country head Anuj Puri said the restrictions on adding to the existing space in the Lutyens' zone had a dampening effect on prices in these localities, compared to those on the fringes. Add to that, the limited supply in affluent Golf Links or Jorbagh.As a result, despite the economic slowdown, property prices have shot up by 15-20% in the last one year, said a consultant at Cushman &amp; Wakefield. While poor increments and high interest rates are holding back investment decisions by the middle class, the growing number of millionaires is adding to the demand for prestigious addresses in the city. \"Price is not the only consideration when one decides to buy a property in these areas. What matters most is the suitability of the property. For the super rich, the location and size of the house is more important,\" said the Cushman &amp; Wakefield consultant. So, among those queuing up are promoters of several prominent industrial houses and real estate firms.The super rich also want to have a house next to \"people like them\". The Lutyens' zone is home to the rich and famous including LN Mittal, Shashi Ruia, Analjit Singh, Malvinder Singh, Shivinder Singh, KP Singh and Navin Jindal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16974008", "title": "Mutilated notes in rampant use in Vidarbha", "text": "AMRAVATI: Bad money drives out good. This principle by Sir Adam Gresham seems to befit with the present situation of Vidarbha region, especially in western Vidarbha where mutilated notes are rampant in use. Citizens are crying foul due to problems cropping up while dealing with mutilated notes.Every time, while shopping, people try to pass the mutilated notes to other person and keep clean note with them which sometimes leads to even scuffles. Shopkeepers even hesitate to give change to avoid receiving mutilated notes. People from Vidarbha face many problems while dealing with mutilated notes in western Maharashtra, especially in Pune and Mumbai since people in western Maharashtra do not accept these mutilated notes. Travellers who regularly commute to Mumbai and Pune, face many problems due to mutilated notes. Banks can keep tab on circulation of mutilated notes. However, it's surprising that some people are even complaining of receiving mutilated notes from banks itself.Talking to TOI, businessman Sandeep Godbole said, \"I have received mutilated notes from a bank itself. It is the responsibility of the bank to bring clean notes in circulation, but its mere apathy from their side to keep tab on the circulation of mutilated notes. Banks should fix one day and ask people to exchange mutilated notes with the clean notes\".President of Vidarbha Industrial Association, Kiran Paturkar said that it is injustice on Vidarbha. \"All bad things are forced on us. Banks distribute mutilated notes, but they have problem while accepting the same from people. Whenever we tried to exchange mutilated notes, nationalized banks told us to exchange notes from Reserved Bank of India,\" said Paturkar.Dhiraj Khadse, a student said, \"I often commute to Pune and Mumbai for buying books and for educational purpose. People in Pune and Mumbai do not accept the mutilated notes and since I have limited money I don't understand how to deal with the situation. Banks should avail the facility to citizens for exchanging their mutilated notes with clean ones.\"Sarang Raut, vice-president of Youth Congress, Amravati assembly wing said that mutilated notes are in circulation in Vidarbha only. When RBI rules are same everywhere, why are Vidarbhites only facing this problem? asked Raut. \"People in Vidarbha are too stoic that they have habit of tolerating bad things forced on them,\" he said.However, when asked, S. Deoras, zonal officer, Central Bank of India , said that as per clean note policy of RBI, notes are sorted out in the bank itself and only clean notes are sent for circulation while mutilated notes are sent back to RBI.\"A bank official pinned the blame on people stating that people are not aware in Vidarbha. As per directives people can exchange notes in SBI and any other nationalized bank, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974635", "title": "Driver cleans out realty firm exec's flat of Rs 20L valuables", "text": "MUMBAI: A 26-year-old driver allegedly decamped with 324 gm of gold ornaments, worth Rs 18.4 lakh, and Rs 1.5 lakh in cash from the island city residence of his employer, vice-president of Piramal Realty Group Ravindrakumar Hosiyar Kalva (60), recently.The incident came to light when Kalva and his wife returned to their 11th-floor flat in Dosti Acres, Antop Hill, on Friday after a five-day trip to Bhopal. Kalva immediately tried to call his driver but his mobile was switched off, said the police.The driver knew that Kalva and his wife will be in Bhopal from October 19 to 25.\"Footage from CCTV cameras installed in the building shows the driver entering Kalva's flat using a set of keys and leaving with the valuables,\" said Antop Hill senior inspector Siraj Shaikh.The stolen jewellery includes ornaments belonging to Kalva's daughter who resides in Versova.Two months ago, Kalva and his family moved to Mumbai from Hyderabad. In his complaint, Kalva said, \"As I moved to Mumbai only recently, I still have to take a locker in a bank. This is why we had kept the valuables at home. I employed the driver two months ago. He was smart and gained our trust, but I don't know how he got hold of our house keys. Before leaving for Bhopal, I told him to take the week off. I think he planned the theft during this time.\"The Kalvas' neighbours were unaware about the theft. \"The security guard at the building confirmed that the driver has visited Kalva's flat after his employer left for the tour. We suspect he had planned the theft well in advance as he managed to get hold of the keys to the house,\" said an investigator.At the time of going to press, the police were questioning the building's security guards to find out more about the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16976329", "title": "Two youths found dead in separate incidents in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two youths were found dead in the city from separate areas on Friday. While a 25-year-old slit his throat with a blade in Saadatganj, body of a man suspected to be in mid 20s was found from a pond in Thakurganj.Anuj Katyal, a resident of Chaupatiya in Saadatganj, was found dead in his house on Friday morning. The financial condition of Katyal family was poor and the family members would often quarrel over it. Anuj had given up studies after failing in board exams and was jobless. He used to remain depressed over his current state and was also addicted to drugs, according to police. He reportedly went into his room early in the morning and slashed his throat from the front side. Anuj bled to death on the spot and his body was found later by his family members who reported the matter to the police. Anuj's father had passed away long back and the Katyal family was supported by Anuj's paternal uncle and his brother, who works in a private company. Anuj did not leave behind any suicide note. The police later sent the body for postmortem.In another incident, a 25-year-old was found dead in Thakurganj around Friday noon. The circumstances leading to death of the deceased, identified as Munna from Roshan Nagar locality in Thakurganj, remained unknown. His body was found from a pond located within the Rifa colony in the old city area.Munna's wife used to stay separately with their son at her parents' house. Munna used to earn his living by carrying objects on his cart. No complaint was lodged by Munna's family. The police sent the body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978808", "title": "Cosmetic treatments on the rise among students", "text": "A perfectly arched eyebrow, an Angie pout and a lighter skin tone are just a few adds-ons for these college going girls who are spending big on plastic.Twenty-year-old Anushree Gowda is in the midst of her mid-term exams, but the impending psychology paper is the last thing on her mind. The Bangalore-born girl is more intent on enhancing her already youthful skin. Anushree, recently spent over Rs35,000 on laser hair removal from her neighbourhood salon in Marathahalli. She undertook the laser hair removal, a minimally invasive hair reduction procedure to induce permanent hair-reduction. Over the course of weeks, she undertook laser treatment on her upper-lips, under arms, back, hands and legs. The girl, admittedly, undertook a trip to the salon along with her mother, who had no qualms with her daughter undertaking laser. \"It is now the most common procedure for our age group,\" says Anushree. Lured by peers, ambushed by the marketing skills of skin specialists and salons, Anushree, is part of the generation caught up in beauty enhancing game.College girls have always been big spenders. But, of late, there has been an upsurge in the youngsters undertaking non-surgical procedures, that set you back, at least by Rs30,000. \"Girls, in the age group of 18-25 are quite aware of these procedures. The savvy kind, usually come in for fillers, skin-tightening, dark circle removals and there are a lot of requests for de-tanning procedures as well. Then, there are those who queue up for laser treatments that are done for side burns, underarms, upper lip and lower back,\" says Dr Chytra Anand, cosmetic dermatologist. 10-15 per cent of Dr Anand's clients are adolescents, who keep on checking in for a made-to-order look.With the growing awareness of such procedures, a little tweaking once or twice a month has become commonplace among college girls. One of the hottest procedures currently is juvederm lip enhancements, that can set one back by Rs 26,000. Simply put, a desirable pout that puts a smile on their faces. \"A lot of girls like to try different looks. From an Angie look, a small depression in the centre of the lip, to a Cupid Bow, girls are getting experimental and go for subtle styles that make all the difference in their expression,\" shares Dr Fatima Pooya, cosmetologist. In fact, she reveals lip enhancement is more popular around Christmas and in the run-up to the Valentine's Day when the girls want to look their best.While girls are willing to go under the needle, are parents aware of the risks associated with such procedures? \"My mother was pretty cool when I told her about, in fact, she wanted even went me to the salon. My father, who's footing the bill didn't bother to ask me where I was spending the money on,\" reveals Shanti Chinapa, a 22-year-old budding fashion designer, who recently underwent laser hair removal procedure.Although it is an alarming trend, what's worrisome for cosmetologists is the frequency with which adolescents visit the clinics. \"We get a lot of requests for de-tanning procedures. A lot of girls, who feel the need to look fairer come to us and we counsel them for about 45 minutes and tell them the pros and cons of skin lightening and advise them on how to improve their skin by following a proper skin regime and a good diet,\" says Dr Chytra. Dr Mukta Sachdev, dermatologist says in the case of laser hair removal, the result is not 100 per cent. \"Laser air removal leads to 60-70% reduction in the hair growth, the thicker the hair, the better the result. There is a risk of burns involved. Though I have some young patients, we are very careful of our selection. We do not admit anybody under 16.\"According to city-based psychiatrist Dr Vikram Prabhu, what's disturbing is that this may not be a passing phase among girls. \"They may not be able outgrow this stage. And when they cross this normative boundary, this constant preoccupation with one's appearance will persist into adulthood, and lead to low self-worth later. These girls are unable to have any degree of self acceptance at any stage. Their quest for idealistic image of their body can also damage interpersonal relationships, when they spend a lot of money, thereby disrupting the home budget.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad/guntur", "code": "16975531", "title": "Abducted baby found dead in US, NRI held", "text": "HYDERABAD/GUNTUR: The suspense surrounding the kidnap of 10-month-old Saanvi Venna ended on a tragic note on Friday when police in upper Merion township in Pennsylvania found her body stuffed in a suitcase in King of Prussia, a suburb of Philadelphia . The daughter of software professionals -- Venna Siva Prasad Reddy and Charulatha -- was abducted from her apartment on Monday and her grandmother Satyavathamma, who was babysitting her, was murdered.The accused, Raghu Yandamuri, was arrested and a murder case slapped against him by the federal police. According to FBI, Raghu, an estranged lover of Charulatha, resorted to the brutal act. Raghu reported to have choked the child immediately after the kidnap and buried the body at an undisclosed area. The FBI exhumed the body with the clues provided by the accused. It is learnt that Raghu had been pestering Latha for several years and insisted her to marry him. Raghu reported to have turned violent after Latha refused his proposal and married Siva Prasad. Raghu is said to be a native of Visakhapatnam and living in the US for over seven years.Family members residing in Guntur were shocked and broke down soon after hearing about the killing of Saanvi. Prasad's father Konda Reddy lives in Brodipet in Guntur with his daughter. Konda reddy retired as MEO in Prakasam district.The family members had some hope on the release of the child by the kidnapper after the Telugu associations and locals announced a massive reward of $50,000 for providing clues on the child. Ironically, the family of Siva Prasad delayed cracking the mystery behind the kidnap by not providing clues about the family disputes.Police said that Raghu had in fact planned to murder Latha on the day of kidnap but abducted the infant as Latha went to office. He, however, killed the infant's grandmother Satyavathamma, when she strongly resisted his moves. Initially, the family members and locals thought that kidnap could have been the handiwork of some Afro-Americans for the sake of ransom. However, FBI teams dug deep into the family disputes angle right from day-one as the abductor did not make any attempt to loot valuables from the house of Siva Prasad Reddy.Surprisingly, FBI said the accused had been to Venna's home in the Marquis Apartments several times and also lived in the apartment complex, which however was strongly denied by Latha while talking to newsmen.Police said the accused kidnapped the baby with plans to hold her for ransom, and police found several ransom notes inside the apartment. She said 10 copies of an identical ransom note were found, asking for $50,000. \"Apparently he stuffed a handkerchief in Saanvi's mouth to keep her quiet, and she choked to death. Her body was found,\" a police official said. The grandmother, 61-year-old Satyavathi Venna, died of knife wounds on her neck and chest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16975963", "title": "Apple forecasts shortfall due to year-end product rush", "text": "BANGALORE: Apple Inc traded industry-leading margins for a revamped product line in time for the holiday shopping season, a sign of the rising costs of rivalry with Samsung Electronics Co, Microsoft Corp and Amazon.com Inc.The trade-off was outlined on Thursday when Apple said profit in the current quarter will be about $11.75 a share on sales of $52 billion. That compares with $15.49 a share on sales of $55.1 billion predicted by analysts surveyed by Bloomberg . Gross profit margin, the proportion of sales left after deducting production costs, will fall to about 36%, the lowest level in more than four years, Apple said.Apple CEO Tim Cook has introduced a new iPhone and iPad, while updating the iPod and Mac computer lines, since mid-October. The overhaul stands to give Apple products an advantage against new phones and tablets from competing electronics makers, such as Samsung, which on Friday reported record third-quarter profit on demand for its Galaxy smartphones.It also means rising production costs and narrower profit margins.\"They are going to have a big holiday quarter, a big March quarter, and then you have to wonder after that,\" said Shaw Wu, an analyst at Sterne Agee &amp; Leach Inc. \"They could be doing this to address competition.\"COSTS INCREASINGProfit last quarter rose to $8.67 a share, shy of the $8.75 projected by analysts. While revenue rose 27 percent to $36 billion, operating expenses rose 29% to $3.46 billion, a sign Apple spent more to refresh its entire product line ahead. Research and development costs rose 40%.\"We've never introduced so many new form factors at once,\" Apple chief financial officer Peter Oppenheimer said on a conference call with analysts. When a technology company introduces a new product, it typically encounters higher costs for components and equipment that can squeeze profit margins. For instance, Oppenheimer said the iPad mini has \"significantly lower\" profit margins than Apple's overall level. He said costs would come down over time. Apple's gross profit margin, the proportion of sales left after deducting production costs, was 40% last quarter, the lowest level since Apple's first quarter of 2011. bloombergWhen a technology company introduces a new product, it typically encounters higher costs for components and equipment that can squeeze profit margins. Apple said that the iPad mini has \"significantly lower\" profit margins than Apple's overall level", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16976591", "title": "Gadkari issue BJP's internal matter: Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on Friday declined to comment on the allegations against BJP chief Nitin Gadkari, terming the issue as an \"internal matter\" of the Hindutva party. \"If required, BJP will take appropriate decision on it...,\" he said and added Gadkari himself wanted a probe following which everything would become clear.Replying to queries of mediapersons, Kumar said he would not go to Gujarat to campaign for his party, JD (U), in the forthcoming assembly election due to his preoccupations. \"Like previous elections, JD (U) has fielded candidates in some constituencies in Gujarat. I had canvassed for the party in Gujarat in 2007,\" he said.He said he was busy these days with the JD (U)'s proposed 'Adhikar Rally' in Patna on November 4. \"I have to go to Pakistan on a goodwill visit for a week from November 9. After that I have to prepare for the state legislature's winter session and also work on the annual report card on the performance of the state government,\" the CM said.Kumar's JD (U), an ally of the BJP in Bihar, has fielded candidates in over two dozen constituencies in Gujarat where it had won one seat in the last election.The CM said he would visit Takshashila and Mohenjodaro and meet leaders of different political parties of Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad/guntur", "code": "16975459", "title": "'Accused had plans to demand ransom'", "text": "HYDERABAD/GUNTUR: The family members had some hope for the release of the child by the kidnapper after the Telugu associations and locals announced a massive reward of $50,000 for clues as to the whereabouts of the child. Ironically, the family of Siva Prasad delayed the cracking of the mystery behind the kidnap by withholding information about family disputes.Police said that Raghu had in fact planned to murder Latha on the day of the kidnap but abducted the infant as Latha went to office. He, however, killed the infant's grandmother Satyavathamma, when she strongly resisted his criminal attempt. Initially, the family members and locals thought that kidnap could have been the handiwork of some Afro-Americans for the sake of ransom. However, FBI teams dug deep into the family disputes angle right from day-one as the abductor did not make any attempt to loot valuables from the house of Siva Prasad Reddy.Surprisingly, FBI said the accused had been to Venna's home in the Marquis Apartments several times and had also lived in the apartment complex, which, however, was strongly denied by Latha when she spoke to newsmen.Police said that the accused had kidnapped the baby with plans to hold her for ransom and police found several ransom notes inside the apartment. She said 10 copies of an identical ransom note were found, asking for $50,000. \"Apparently he stuffed a handkerchief in Saanvi's mouth to keep her quiet, and she choked to death. Her body has been found. The accused had inflicted knife wounds on the baby,\" a police official said. The grandmother, 61-year-old Satyavathi Venna, had died of knife wounds to her neck and chest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16974250", "title": "Govt earmarks Rs11.72 crore for sea wall at Keri", "text": "MAPUSA: Panchayat minister Laxmikant Parsekar has said that an amount of 11.72 crore has been earmarked for taking up the works of construction of an anti-sea erosion wall and repairs of Khazankond 'bandhara' under the water resources department (WRD) at Keri in Pernem.Parsekar was speaking at a meeting held to discuss the matter pertaining to developmental works and community welfare programmes being taken up in the panchayat area at Keri.\"The work on the wall and 'bandhara' will be started soon and it will be taken up in phases,\" Parsekar said.After the gabion flexible sea wall failed to prevent beach erosion at Keri, WRD has taken up work of laying of tetrapods to stabilize the eroding shoreline. The 4.23 crore protection wall built around three years ago to prevent beach erosion at Keri has been severely damaged. The gabion flexible sea wall, expected to work as a long term solution for the persistent beach erosion at Keri, has fallen apart at several places.The villagers, in the recent gram sabha, pointed out that the poorly-engineered gabion flexible sea wall, meant for protection of the beach, has been causing more erosion of the beach as the waves directly hit the wall with high intensity. The wall doesn't allow the wave current to swallow and because of this, sand is being washed away.The WRD minister has recently stated that beach protection (anti-sea erosion) wall constructed at Keri initially failed due to the defective/unsuitable designs adopted. The additional work for this beach will now be carried out as a separate work, sources said.Parsekar has also assured the residents of Keri that work on repairs of Khazankond bandhara will be done along a kilometre's stretch of the Tiracol river to protect the houses along the bank.The length of the retaining wall (bandhara) will be over 1,250m. Once built, it will prevent water from entering the fields and will also provide protection to the houses along the river bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "cuddalore", "code": "16976535", "title": "Girl resists gangrape bid, killed in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CUDDALORE: A 22-year-old college student was murdered by a five-member gang on Thursday night after she reportedly resisted a rape attempt near Veeranam tank in Cuddalore district in north Tamil Nadu .Police said T Suganya, a final year BEd student of a private college in Cuddalore, was returning home with her neighbour S Senthamaraikannan on a two-wheeler , when a five-member gang waylaid them.They reportedly attempted to rape Suganya. When she resisted, the gang slit her throat. They overpowered Senthamaraikannan , who tried to save her, and attacked him with sharp weapons. He fled the spot to seek help. Police said he suffered injuries on his neck and limbs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16976397", "title": "Rapid action team to control disease", "text": "HAZARIBAG: With a view to contain the dengue both in urban as well as rural areas of the district, deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan instructed civil surgeon Binay Kumar to form a rapid action team in all block hospitals and primary health centres as well as the Hazaribag Sadar Hospital.The deputy commissioner said if any symptom of dengue was found or diagnosed either in Sadar Hospital or the block hospitals, immediate measures must be taken to save the lives of the affected patients. \"In case any emergency takes place, all steps be taken forthwith to refer the patients to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) for better treatment.\"He also directed the doctors and block officials to spread messages of awareness and preventive measures be taken to avoid the disease. The DC also directed the district education officer, Hazaribag and the district superintendent of education to alert all schools to take protection against dengue. He made similar requests to the elected panchayat members also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16975122", "title": "Awareness brings down animal killing", "text": "BELGAUM: Awareness rallies against animal sacrifice has paid off. The World Animal Welfare Board managed to bring down the number of animals sacrificed at the Kakkeri jatre held this week. Every year at least one lakh animals are sacrificed at this fair.Dayananda Swamiji, chairman, World Animal Welfare Board, on Thursday said that the public heeded their calls not to sacrifice animals and instead they just poured tender coconut on the idols. \"Police too supported us. We managed to send the message across.\"He appealed to people to stop animal sacrifice which is against all religious tenets. Animals are sacrificed in the name of God in many temples, he added.\"Our fight will go on till India is free of animal sacrifice,\" the swamiji said. He also called on the public not to sacrifice animals during Bakrid, to be held on October 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16976460", "title": "1 killed, 2hurt in swing collapse", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A 14-year-old boy was killed and two others sustained multiple injuries when a giant boat-shaped swing, installed at the Baridih tempo stand Durga Puja pandal, overturned and fell on them on Friday.The minor, Rajiv Kumar, died on the spot, while his brother Dhananjay Kumar, 20 and Anil Paswan, 30, residents of Islampur in Nalanda district of Bihar , were rushed to the Tata Main Hospital. The incident occurred when the giant-wheel was dismantled.\"The condition of Anil and Dhananjay is stable,\" said a staff of the amusement company that installed the giant boat swing in the fair during the five-day long Durga Puja festival that concluded on Wednesday.Sidhgora police station officer in-charge Ganesh Kumar said a case has been lodged with the police and they are inquiring into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16975837", "title": "Big hospitals comply with medical waste norms", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka is the highest producer of bio-medical waste in the country. Over 62,241 kg of medical waste and 43,971 kg of disposable medical waste are produced daily in the state, according to a survey.A 2012 BBMP survey of 1,844 private health units revealed that only 30% have obtained No Objection Certificate from the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB). KSPCB officials say it's the big hospitals in the city that follow the rules while the smaller nursing homes and health centres often flout guidelines to dispose of their medical waste.The survey sample represented 80% of the private health units in the city. Worse, only 706 (38%) hospitals had BBMP licences in 2010. But since then, BBMP has pursued the matter with many private healthcare units and has now covered over 70% of the health sector.TOI looks at how some hospitals in the city dispose of their medical waste. It's compulsory for them to allocate various colour bands/plastics/disposable bags to segregate medical waste.\"The colour code helps in segregating the waste,\" said Dr Ajith Benedict Royan, vice president, Hosmat Hospital. The hospital produces about 75-80 kg of medical waste daily. \"The waste is disposed of by a firm authorized by KSPCB,\" said Dr Royan. \"The staff who dispose of the waste have to wear special clothing, including a mask,\" he added.Manipal Hospital produces about 25 tonnes of medical waste a month. \"All waste is segregated at source into colour-coded disposal bags. These bags are collected from the generation point, sealed and taken to a central collection area where they are put into colour-coded rooms and kept locked. The authorized disposal agency collects the bags daily,\" said CG Muthana, vice president (operations), Manipal Hospital.Government hospital officials said that they strictly follow the norms.\"The current code was approved by the ministry of environment and the pollution control board in 2008,\" said Dr Asima Banu, associate professor, microbiology, who is also in charge of bio-medical waste disposal at Bowring Hospital. \"Infected blood dressings go into red colour bags, while human and body parts are put into yellow bags before they are incinerated,\" she said. Around 250-300 kg of medical waste is disposed of daily from Bowring Hospital.Victoria Hospital has outsourced the disposal. \"Our staff are trained to segregate bio-medical garbage at source,\" said Dr Kantharaj Jain, RMO, Victoria Hospital. He said that the hospital produces a truckload of bio-medical waste daily.Why NOCDepending on the number of beds, KSPCB issues No Objection Certificate (NOC) to hospitals and clinics, said Vaman Acharya, KSPCB chairman. He said an NOC is required to make hospitals segregate bio-medical garbage into various parts before they are disposed of. KSPCB has assigned two agencies to sort out these processes for smaller hospitals and clinics in the city while each district has one agency to do the same, said Acharya. \"Our officers visit all hospitals and if any hospital flouts norms, we have the authority to ask them to shut down,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16976075", "title": "\u2018Best thing about Eid is \u2018idi\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: On the eve of Eid-ul-Zuha \u2014 the holy festival of sacrifice \u2014 markets in the city stayed abuzz with people flocking the stores for final round of shopping.Rafat Anjum, who resides at Sector 32 Chandigarh Road with her husband Arif Anjum, gives a picture of the kitchen at any Muslim home on this day. \"Biryani, Mutton and Chicken Korma and sweet dishes like \"kheer\" are cooked at every home for guests and family on Eid-ul-Zuha.\"Our Eid will be special this time as our younger son Arhaam, who studies in Delhi, will join us for the celebrations,\" said Rafat.Children's coming home to join the parents on the auspicious day is what is keeping Muhammad Zaffar-ud-Din and Azmat Shaheen excited as well. Their Kidwai Nagar residence is eagerly awaiting the arrival of daughter Nikhat Afreen, a nutritionist in Delhi.Field Ganj boy Muhammad Alyas, 11, is happy to have stocked on a new 'salwar kameez', apart from a t-shirt and jeans. \"The best thing about Eid is we get 'idi' from family and tasty dishes at home,\" he said.\"The rush on the eve of Eid boosts our sale of spices and confectionaries,\" said Anjum Asgar, who owns a store in Kabir Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975460", "title": "Explain funding to Gadkari firm, 16 entities told", "text": "New Delhi: A probe by the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) may be ordered into the dubious funding of companies which invested in Purti Power and Sugar Ltd (PPSL), promoted by BJP chief Nitin Gadkari , as an initial investigation has found several \"mysterious transactions\", mainly resulting in \"circulation of money by various entities without any activity\".Interestingly, investments in Kolkata have emerged as a \"major angle\" in the investigation and the government has now zeroed in on 16 entities that have been asked to \"mandatorily explain\" their activities and funding to PPSL, top sources said.According to sources in the ministry of corporate affairs, the Registrar of Companies (RoC) has started a \"threadbare\" investigation into the affairs of PPSL and its money transactions with these 16 companies that include construction firm Ideal Road Builders ( IRB) Group, which had won many contracts between 1995 and 1999 when the BJP president was PWD minister of Maharashtra.\"Mandatory explanations have been sought by the RoC, Mumbai from PPSL, apart from 16 other entities and this has been done under Section 234 (1) of the Companies Act. The initial report has shown serious irregularities and violations,\" a source said.The source said the \"next stage\" for the investigations could be a probe by the SFIO. \"We are awaiting a final report from the RoC and this is expected over the next two weeks. Further action will only happen after receiving the report, and this could be a probe under Section 235 of the Companies Act which is an SFIO investigation,\" he said.The dealings of the companies look extremely suspicious as per the initial report of the RoC. \"There have been serious irregularities and violations that have been noticed so far,\" another source said.The source said Kolkata appeared as a major destination where from the investments originated or were headed, including from PPSL. \"This has been found in the initial investigations. In many cases, investments were done in Kolkata,\" he said.The source said the mysterious movement of money was the only major activity noticed in the transactions between most of these entities. \"Broadly, there were no other activities other than the circulation of money. This is being looked into,\" he said.Private placement of money in PPSL is another area that RoC is looking into. \"Certain regulations governing this aspect have also been clearly violated,\" the source said.TOI has been detailing the source of funding in PPSL by various companies, many of whom gave false registered addresses. Five such companies -- Nivita Trades, Swiftsol, Rigma Fintrade, Ashwami Sales &amp; Marketing and Earnwell Traders -- are shown as registered at Dube Chawl, a slum in Mumbai's Andheri East. Interestingly, many of these firms were controlled by close aides of Gadkari, including his driver, his 'diwan' (accountant), an astrologer and two employees of PPSL.The BJP chief, one of the seven promoters of Purti, currently holds just 310 shares worth Rs 3,100 in the company and is no more a director on its board.Investigations have revealed that money flowed into PPSL from a multi-layered maze of companies registered all over India. TOI's analysis has estimated that over 100 companies may be involved in moving over Rs 60 crore into Purti group. Mysteriously, many of these shareholders have also received unsecured loans from Gadkari, Purti group and other entities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16974169", "title": "Peon at Baga 5-star resort decamps with Rs 7.5 lakh in cash", "text": "CALANGUTE: A peon working at a five-star resort in Baga, Calangute, decamped with 7.5 lakh in cash which he was asked to deposit in a bank on Friday morning.The manager of La Calypso Hotels, Oshidar Daruwalla, has lodged a complaint at the Calangute police station that at around 10am on Friday he handed over 7.5 lakh in cash to a peon, Ram Bahadur Sahoo, working in his hotel with instructions to deposit the cash in the Indian Overseas bank branch in Porvorim.He discovered later that the peon failed to deposit the cash although he left Baga for Porvorim with the cash on a two-wheeler. All attempts to trace the peon were futile as he had switched off his cellphone. Bahadur had been working at the resort since 2005 and was regularly entrusted with the job of depositing cash in the bank.Following the complaint, the Calangute police registered an offence under Section 208 of the IPC. PSI Harish Gawas is conducting further investigations.A few months ago the staff of a prominent nightclub in Baga had decamped with over 9 lakh in cash which was later recovered, and last month staff of a petrol pump in Calangute had stolen a safe with a large amount of cash which was later found hidden in a nearby field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16976497", "title": "Man stabbed, looted", "text": "BHOPAL:A man was stabbed and Rs 5,000 cash looted from him in Jinsi area here on Thursday evening. The Jehangirabad police have registered a case against two persons.The police said complainant, Pramod Mehrolia, a resident of Bapu Colony, was heading towards his home after work when two persons identified as Shivam and Anup stopped him near the Jinsi trisection.The duo beat him up and later stabbed with a knife. They then took out Rs 5000 cash kept in Mehrolia's pocket and escaped, the police added.The victim was later taken to Hamidia Hospital. Police said Mehrolia works as a domestic help. He had received his salary and was returning home when the incident occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974401", "title": "Immigration department to keep track of foreign students in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: In a bid to keep track of foreign students entering the country, the immigration bureau on Friday launched a project as a pilot programme.Under the 'foreign student information system,' foreigner's regional registration officer Dr N Kannan said educational institutions, including deemed universities and those teaching yoga and dance, that have foreign students will have to appoint a nodal officer to liaise with immigration authorities.The institutions will be given a user ID and will have to upload information about foreign students on the bureau's website and also update their attendance. Earlier, many foreign students would join a college but do business or indulge in other activities, he said. Institutions enrolling foreign students but not registered with immigration authorities would be held responsible for any untoward incident involving these students, Dr Kannan said. The system will be introduced in the next few days in all metros and cities where foreign students come in large numbers. The move follows inputs by intelligence agencies.Four representatives from Loyola, Stella Maris, Women's Christian College, Ethiraj and University of Madras were briefed by immigration officials on Friday of the new procedure.National Informatics Centre deputy director-general Dr B N Shetty told TOI from New Delhi that the bureau of immigration had a fortnight ago launched the 'Immigration, Visa and Foreigners Registration and Tracking' system to help prevent foreigners overstaying in the country. Under this, diplomatic missions are connected to the home ministry with support from the ministry of external affairs and immigration bureau. The system enables authorities to maintain a databank of travellers from those countries applying for a Indian visa and keep track of their movements, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16976282", "title": "'Had IRB shares, but no link with Gadkari'", "text": "CHENNAI: Union minister and NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Friday denied any involvement with Gadkari despite buying shares in Ideal Road Builders (IRB) group that held a stake in Nitin Gadkari's Purti Power and Sugar Limited.\"On IRB shares, if me or my wife has purchased shares of one particular company and sold it the next year, I don't understand how I am answerable for that,\" he told reporters during a visit to IIT Madras campus in the for a meeting with coconut farmers. \"Anyone can do that (sic)... Anyone can buy shares in any company. How are we concerned?\"According to details available with the Prime Minister's Office's website, Pawar and his wife held over thousands of shares in IRB. The company is currently drawing flak for Rs 164 crore loan that D P Mhaiskar, the original promoter of IRB gave to Purti Power. Mhaiskar, however, claims that the money was drawn from his personal savings.Only on Friday last week, Pawar had defended Gadkari after India Against Corruption activists alleged that the BJP president was involved in the Maharashtra irrigation scam. \"Gadkari is a responsible man who works responsibly,\" he had said. \"When you set up sugar mills for farmers, it is a service to that area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16975133", "title": "Women succumb to burns", "text": "INDORE: In two separate incidents, two women succumbed to burns in city within 24 hours. Sangeetabai Patware, 35, wife of Ashok Patware succumbed to burns at MY Hospital on Friday morning. She was the resident of Ram Nagar. On Thursday night, son had taken her to the hospital. In the primary autopsy report, it became clear that the woman had sustained 100 per cent burns. It is still not clear how the woman came in contact of fire. Investigation is on.In the second incident, one Anita Soda, 36, wife of Guddu Soda succumbed to burns at a private hospital. She was the resident of Biyabani. According to police, the woman and her daughter sustained burns while cooking food. The accident took place on October 17. Her daughter is still battling for life.Man found hanging: Divakar Bansole, 42, son of Sudhakar Bansole reportedly hanged himself from the ceiling on Thursday night. He was the resident of Pune in Maharashtra, and was staying here in Azad Nagar along with his brother.Divakar was in relationship with a woman in Pune. He had gone to meet her and returned few days ago. Police are investigating the case from various angles including this as well. Police have sent the body to MY Hospital for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16975330", "title": "History-sheeter kills wife for not serving food", "text": "INDORE: A woman, who struggled for the release of her history-sheeter husband's release from jail the whole day on Thursday, was sadly killed by him later at their home for not serving him dinner the same night.Chandan Nagar area police in-charge Shivpal Singh Kushwaha said the deceased was identified as Sheetal Rathore, 35, wife of accused Sunil Rathore. The duo resided at Sahyog Nagar locality in Chandan Nagar area, said police.According to police, the incident took place after Thursday midnight, at around 12.30 am. The accused reportedly asked his wife to serve him dinner when she was watching a television serial but she asked him to wait till the serial was over. Subsequently, the accused left the house.About half-an-hour later, he returned and found his wife sleeping. He woke her and asked him to serve his dinner but she requested him to serve himself. This made Sunil furious and he hit her on the head with an iron rod.Their two children who were sleeping nearby, woke up hearing their mother's screams. They immediately rushed to the neighbours for help. She was rushed to the hospital where doctors declared her brought dead.The accused Sunil Rathore, is a history-sheeter. He was jailed once for killing one Rishi and released hardly fifteen days back. Police put him behind bars again under propitiatory orders, said Kushwaha adding that he was again released on Thursday evening following efforts by his wife.Police sent the body to district hospital for autopsy. The accused is still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16974316", "title": "Legal metrology team raids 2 firms in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: In a crackdown by the legal metrology department in two commercial establishments at Margao on Friday, mobile phones and gas stoves worth Rs 1.5 lakh were seized, as they did not conform to the legal metrology Rules 2011.In the first case, a team led by assistant controller, South Zone, Prasad Shirodkar, raided a mobile shop at Aquem, Margao, and several mobile handsets were seized.\"The handsets were of China make, of dubious quality, and they did not meet the standards as specified in the Legal Metrology Rules 2011,\" Shirodkar told TOI.In another case, the team raided a one-room premises which was let out as a sort of guest house and seized 10 gas stoves. \"The gas stoves did not bear the name of the manufacturers, the maximum retail price, year of manufacturing, etc as required under the legal metrology Rules 2011,\" Shirodkar said. Sources said that the gas stoves were labelled to make the fake products look like branded ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16975383", "title": "Police, NIA keenly await Sabir's extradition from Saudi Arabia", "text": "KOCHI: City's terror links may soon become visible to police and the National Investigation Agency (NIA) with the extradition of the most wanted Ernakulam-based suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative, K P Sabir alias Kochu Peedikayil Sabir alias Ayub, from Saudi Arabia.Though the state intelligence was certain about the IM activities based out of the city after the Kalamassery bus burning incident on September 9, 2005 and an IED blast at the Ernakulam collectorate on July 10, 2009, it failed to make any headway in these cases as Sabir had escaped to Saudi Arabia.According to intelligence officials, there is a concerted effort by the Union government to extradite Sabir from Saudi Arabia where he is holed up at present.Sabir's name was put before the Saudi authorities after India successfully deported suspected IM activist Fasih Mehmood and Abu Jundal, two of the key plotters in the Mumbai attacks, from Saudi Arabia.It was a police team under the then Kochi city police commissioner Manoj Abraham and Thrikkakara assistant commissioner P M Varghese that had unearthed the role of Sabir in the Kalamassery and collectorate cases. \"Sabir is actually the leader of Thadiyantavide Nazeer. Though he is from Kannur, he mainly operated from Ernakulam along with suspected LeT leader C A M Basheer,\" said Varghese, who is with the Crime Branch.The Crime Branch has arrested K P Shabeer, the elder brother of Sabir. Both Shabeer and Sabir are accused of being part of the racket that attacked a jewellery owner at Kizhakkambalam in Ernakulam on June 20, 2002 and robbed 2.25 kg of gold from him.According to police, Sabir took to the hard line between 1998 and 2000 after joining the Islamic Service Society (ISS). He later joined PDP, and finally began carrying out IM operations under C A M Basheer in 2002. He was the key person behind recruiting five Malayali youth to the LeT training camp in Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (PoK). Sabir, with the support of Basheer, escaped to the Gulf in 2008 using a fake passport sourced from the regional passport office in Kochi.A senior intelligence officer said that it was Sabir who had helped Nazeer to escape to Bangladesh . Nazeer was later caught by the intelligence agencies and is now in a jail in Kerala. The state intelligence has already confirmed the communication that took place between Sabir and his local agents in Ernakulam.\"We have traced the details of the phone calls made by the key suspects,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16973813", "title": "Shirdi trust to house 14,000 more devotees from mid-Nov", "text": "MUMBAI: Devotees visiting the Sai Baba temple at Shirdi from the forthcoming holiday season may not face difficulties finding accommodation. The Shri Saibaba Sansthan Trust, Shirdi (SSST), is all set to inaugurate during mid-November the lodging facility that can house over 14,000 devotees at a time. This is in addition to the existing lodging capacity of the SSST that can accommodate around 20,000 devotees at a time, which is inadequate during peak seasons. A Chennai-based NGO that voluntarily constructed the facility at two different locations handed over the complex to the trust on Dussehra.According to SSST officials, the lodging and boarding facility---called Sai Ashram---has been built at a cost of Rs 110 crore and comprises 1,536 rooms with attached toilet and basic furniture that can accommodate 9,000 devotees along with 192 dormitories that will accommodate another 5,000 devotees. Of these, three blocks will have 384 AC rooms. In addition, there is a common services block along with a restaurant and an open air theatre for cultural activities. Both these facilities are located close to the temple, said Jayant Sasane, ex-chairman of SSST.\"The project aims to provide affordable accommodation for devotees visiting Shirdi. While the SSST provided 19.68 acres land, the Shirdi Sai trust paid for its construction. SSST provided roads, walkways, street lights and water supply, including power, at the new facility and will soon depute the management along with staff required for maintenance and security before the place is inaugurated,\" said SSST's Mohan Yadav.Booking for the rooms can be done from the sansthan office at Shirdi or from the sansthan information centres in Mumbai, Chennai, Hyderabad and Bangalore or from its website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "16976021", "title": "The young graduates", "text": "MODEL TOWN: A graduation ceremony for the students of UKG was held at Guru Nanak International Public School, Model Town, on Friday. Tiny tots looked proud and vibrant in their graduation gowns and caps. Their parents were thrilled to see the little ones receive graduation certificates.The programme commenced with the recitation of \"shabad\". Principal Gurmant Kaur Gill gave the welcome address and laid emphasis on the importance of the formative years in a child's life.The evening was made colourful with enthralling performances that included dance, songs and speeches by the pre-primary and primary students. The presentations were loved by all.The audience appreciated the efforts of the students. The function concluded with a vote of thanks by general secretary Gurbir Singh Sarna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16975893", "title": "Crew watches \u2018captain\u2019 with moist eyes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The star cast of Jaspal Bhatti's 'Power Cut', that released on Friday, watched the movie with moist eyes and a heavy heart after losing the \"father of the family\".Zaffar Khan, who essays an important character in the movie, said, \"I am sure entire Punjab is grief stricken after this tragedy like we are. He brought smiles on people's faces with his every work.\"A resident of Kharar, Zafar essayed the role of \"Current\" in the movie. Though he was Bhatti's student at his Mad Arts Academy, Zaffar had to undergo several auditions before Bhatti was convinced he could do the part. \"We had a lot of fun on the sets of 'Power Cut'. Whenever I faulted with a dialogue, he would explain us how it needs to be delivered,\" added Zaffar.\"Jaspal sir had worked very hard on the subject. He used to say it was a challenge for him to extract humour out of a subject as dry as power cuts. This movie shows how Bhatti mastered the art, but lost his life before the world could see it,\" said Zaffar.Supporting actress in the movie Kuldeep Kaur of Mohali Phase 11 said no one ever needed any time to be comfortable with Jaspal sir as he was very down to earth. \"We used to sit and eat lunch with him. He used to keep the entire crew cheerful with his humour\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16980044", "title": "Diamond dealer defaults on payments worth Rs 2 crore", "text": "SURAT: With the Diwali festival round the corner, diamantaires in the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing centre in the city received major shock after a diamond trader operating in the Mahidharpura diamond market disappeared from the market after defaulting on the payments worth Rs 2 crore on Friday.Sources said that a diamond dealer operating from Mahidharpura diamond market from the past many years disappeared from the market two days ago. The diamond manufacturers, to whom the payments were not made, thronged outside the office of the defaulter on Thursday.Industry sources said that after the tough market situation, default fears have dampen the sentiments among the diamond manufacturers. About 90 per cent of the defaults comes from the fly-by-night operators-diamond traders who enter the market during the peak and wither away in the tough market situation- in Surat and Mumbai. Actually, these defaulters take advantage during the recession and wait for the mediators to settle their case for 30-40 per cent less of the defaulted sum.Dinesh Navadia, president of Surat Diamond Association (SDA) told TOI \"Deals worth crores of rupees are sealed between the diamond merchants and the manufacturers on a paper chit. The diamond industry runs on trust and faith and that there are many fly-by-night operators and scammers responsible for spreading widespread fear and mistrust in the trade\"Navadia added \"Unlike other sectors, the fly-by-night operators do not disappear from the market, but they wait for the mediators for the settlement. Sometimes, they agree to pay only 40-50 per cent of the default amount. The diamond manufacturers cannot even register police complaint as the dealing are done on a plain paper chit and that there are no official records\"Market sources said the credit risks are rising fast as the diamond industry slow to a crawl in 2012. Reason: polished diamond prices have declined by almost 20 per cent in the last seven months of 2012 following week rupee and dwindling demand from the domestic and overseas markets like China, Hong Kong and UAE.\"There are certain elements trying to malign the overall image of the industry. We would like to warn the diamond manufacturers to stay away from dealing with such fly-by-night operators in future\" said a senior office-bearer of Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) asking anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16976277", "title": "Munna Chauhan is new UP Rashtriya Lok Dal president", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rashtriya Lok Dal chief Ajit Singh on Friday appointed Munna Singh Chauhan as the new president of UP unit of the party, more than two months after Baba Hardev Singh resigned from the post following difference of opinion with the top leadership.Chauhan, a former irrigation minister, happens to be one of the trusted lieutenants of RLD boss. During the 2012 assembly elections, Chauhan contested from Bikapur constituency of Faizabad district but lost to Samajwadi Party's Mitrasen Yadav by a margin of over 17,000 votes.Speaking to TOI from Faizabad, Chauhan said that his priority will be to organise the state cadre keeping in view the Lok Sabha elections 2014.\"It is a challenging task, which would require contribution from all quarters of the party,\" Chauhan said.Hardev Singh had resigned from the post on September 22, days after the Centre approved foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail, besides hiking the diesel prices, even as the top RLD leadership maintained a stoic silence over the issue.Singh, a bureaucrat-turned-politician, had joined RLD before UP assembly elections and was soon elevated to the position of the state president. He contested assembly from Etmadpur constituency in Agra but lost. The party could manage to win only nine seats in all including Mant which was won by Jayant Chaudhary only to be lost in by-elections. Later, RLD chief Ajit Singh inched close to Congress and became Union civil aviation minister in the UPA government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16976689", "title": "Special Investigation Bureau hunts for 2 former ministers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Special Investigation Bureau (SIB) of the cooperative cell of Uttar Pradesh (UP) police on Friday conducted search at several places in Bhadohi and Azamgarh to look for two former ministers Rangnath Mishra and Chandradeo Ram Yadav. The two politicians were ministers in the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) government and have been named in multi-crore Labour and Construction Cooperative Federation (Laccfed) scam.The raids were conducted after a local court in Varanasi issued arrest warrants against the two politicians for their alleged role in the scam. The places where police search operation was carried out included residences of Mishra and Yadav in Bhadohi and Azamgarh respectively. However, SIB officials said the two ministers were not found in their residences and are so far untraceable. Family members of both the ministers feigned ignorance about their whereabouts.The SIB is investigating alleged misappropriation of over Rs 400 crore from government funds meant for the Laccfed to construct mortuaries , polytechnic buildings, hospitals, hostels, employment exchanges, veterinary hospitals and court rooms among other things in 2010-2011. Though the amount of embezzlement is not much when compared to the NRHM scam, the LACCFED scam is one of its kind as it involves 11 ministers in a single case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16979809", "title": "Indian women can live 10 years longer, if they quit smoking before 40", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian women can live 10 years longer, if they quit smoking before their 40th birthday.The largest-ever study on hazards of smoking and benefits of quitting for women has shown that female smokers lose at least 10 years of lifespan, but stopping before they turn 40 avoids more than 90% of the increased risk of dying caused by continuing to smoke. And, quitting before they turn 30 avoids over 97% of the risk.The research, published in the British medical journal The Lancet on Saturday, is based on results from the Million Women Study to mark the 100th birth anniversary of Sir Richard Doll, one of the first persons to identify the link between lung cancer and smoking.Author of the study professor Sir Richard Peto from the University of Oxford said, \"If women smoke like men, they die like men - but, whether they are men or women, smokers who stop before reaching middle age will on average gain about an extra 10 years of life.\"Sir Peto collaborated closely with Indian medical researchers in 2008, and co-authored a landmark study showing that during the 2010s there would be a million deaths a year from smoking in India.He added, \"Our new study shows that if Indian men or women stop smoking before age 40, and preferably well before 40, then they will gain about an extra 10 years of life expectancy - and, stopping earlier is even better.\"Smoking is eight times more prevalent among India men than women. But interestingly, an average Indian female smoker puffs away more cigarettes per day (7) than a male (6.1). One in every five female tobacco users in India uses the smokeless form, while one in 10 smokes cigarettes.Also, an average woman in India is taking up smoking as early as 17.5 years of age as against 18.8 years among men.Dr K Srinath Reddy, president of the Public Health Foundation of India, said while tobacco use among men has dipped from 51% to 48%, it has actually doubled among women - from 10% to 20%.\"Women and girls are the new target of tobacco companies. Increase of tobacco use among women is alarming. The age of initiation is also dipping,\" Dr Reddy added.The latest study, which sampled 1.3 million British women between 1996 and 2001, found that two-thirds of all deaths of smokers in their 50s, 60s, and 70s are caused by smoking.Although the hazards of smoking until 40 years and then stopping are substantial, the risks of continuing are 10 times greater.Quitting before 40 years - and preferably well before 40 years - avoids more than 90% of the excess mortality caused by continuing smoking.The study said, \"Initially, 20% of the study participants were smokers, 28% were ex-smokers, and 52% had never smoked. Those who were still smokers were nearly three times as likely as non-smokers to die over the next 9 years, even though some reduced their risk by stopping smoking during this period.\"It added, \"This threefold death rate ratio means that two-thirds of all deaths of smokers in their 50s, 60s, and 70s are caused by smoking, as most of the difference between smokers and non-smokers came from smoking-related diseases such as lung cancer, chronic lung disease, heart disease or stroke. The risks among smokers increased steeply with the amount smoked, although even for those who were light smokers (one-nine cigarettes per day) at the start of the study, mortality rates were double those for non-smokers.\"Sir Peto said, \"Both in the UK and in the US, women born around 1940 were the first generation in which many smoked substantial numbers of cigarettes throughout adult life. Hence, only in the 21st century could we observe directly the full effects of prolonged smoking, and of prolonged cessation, on premature mortality among women.\"Professor Rachel Huxley, at the University of Minnesota , USA, added, \"That we had to wait until the 21st century to observe the full consequences in women of a habit that was already widespread in the mid-20th century, might seem paradoxical. But this is because, in most of Europe and the USA, the popularity of smoking among young women reached its peak in the 1960s, decades later than for men. Hence, previous studies have underestimated the full eventual impact of smoking on mortality in women, simply because of the lengthy time lag between smoking uptake by young women and disease onset in middle and old age.\"Experts say quitting helps a smoker immediately - in 20 minutes, blood pressure, pulse rate and body temperature returns to normal; in eight hours, carbon monoxide levels in the blood drops; in 24 hours chances of heart attack decreases, and in 48 hours nerve endings start growing. Also, in two weeks blood circulation improves, and in one-nine months lungs clear. The study showed that excess mortality among smokers was chiefly from diseases that are known to be affected by smoking, such as lung cancer, chronic lung disease, heart disease, stroke and various other neo-plastic, respiratory or vascular conditions. Low-tar cigarettes are not low-risk cigarettes, and the Million Women Study shows that more than half of those who smoke them will eventually be killed by them, unless they stop smoking in time to avoid this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16976263", "title": "Farmers stage protest against poor power supply", "text": "LUCKNOW: Angry over the poor state of power supply in their villages, hundreds of farmers staged a sit-in outside Shakti Bhawan, the headquarters of UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) on Friday. The farmers, assembled under the aegis of Bhartiya Kisan Union (BKU), gheraoed Shakti Bhawan for nearly four hours. They locked the gates and forced the officials to stay indoors lest they address their long pending demands.Agitating farmers from different districts like Unnao, Sitapur and Barabanki, accused the UPPCL officials of ignoring the interests of farmers by not supplying enough power to the villages and instead dropping names of senior Samajwadi Party leaders, including SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , in a bid to influence poor farmers. They also demanded change in the schedule of power supply - more power supply during the day time - so that their agricultural activities are least affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974523", "title": "'Govt not serious on CCTV, Mantralaya projects'", "text": "MUMBAI: Crucial projects are yet to take off due to lack of political will and commitment. Four years after the worst terror attack on Mumbai, the home department, led by senior NCP leader R R Patil , is yet to instal the CCTV network in the metropolis, while four months after three floors of Mantralaya were completely gutted, there are absolutely no signs of its repair.Senior bureaucrats and cabinet members on Friday said that given the state of affairs on the two crucial projects, it appears that the government is not serious. As a result, uncertainty looms over the completion of these two projects. \"It's time chief minister Prithviraj Chavan steps in and takes emergency measures to complete both projects. Due to inordinate delay, Maharashtra's image has been adversely affected,'' a senior bureaucrat told TOI.While there was no response either from Chavan or chief secretary Jayant Banthia, leader of Opposition Eknath Khadse blamed both the CM and CS for the delay in execution of the two projects. \"We were told that Mantralaya will be repaired within three to four months, but now it appears that it will take at least a year to complete the work. We feel that the routine tender process should be abandoned and short tender process adopted instead. The entire work should be completed in a time-bound period. It's question of our prestige and Chavan should fix responsibility for the delay,'' Khadse said.Khadse said if the work is not completed within four months, the state government will spend well over Rs 50 crore on the premises hired by the administration for its offices. \"We have been told that several premises have been hired to accommodate key offices. Rent for these properties for six months will be more than Rs 50 crore,'' Khadse said.After the June 21 Mantralaya fire, Chavan had assured that all possible measures will be taken to ensure that the damaged portion is repaired in six months. Later, it was observed that the renovation and repair project has been delayed due to procedural wrangles. The PWD floated a tender for repair and renovation and it was found that the price quoted by the applicants was much higher than the reserve price. \"The PWD should have called a short tender notice and taken a decision on the basis of negotiations with participants. Now it has decided to re-tender the work. It will take three more months and we don't think the work will be completed in the next six months,'' a senior PWD official said.Even on installing the CCTV network, there appears to be lack of seriousness. \"For the last four years, cabinet members and bureaucrats are just discussing the installation of CCTV network, but no concrete decision has been taken,'' a senior IPS official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974315", "title": "April 30 deadline for all taxis to instal e-meters", "text": "MUMBAI: It will now be mandatory for all taxis with mechanical meters to switch to e-meters during the annual fitness tests from December 1. A notification was issued by state transport department to this effect on Friday. It states, \"From December 1 onwards, all taxis with mechanical meters have to compulsorily fit electronic meters during the annual fitness tests at the RTO or latest by April 30, 2013.\"Commuters have been demanding installation of e-meters, especially in the old taxis, as there have been several cases of drivers fleecing passengers with rigged mechanical meters. The TOI has also been running a campaign pushing for e-meters in all autos and taxis in Mumbai metropolitan region.The fresh notification is an attempt by the government to expedite the process of installing e-meters in all taxis and autos by April next year. Auto drivers already have the rule of compulsarily installing e-meters in all vehicles during annual fitness tests or latest by March 31,2013.State transport commissioner V N More told TOI: \"Fitting of e-meters in autos has already been made compulsary. Now, as a follow-up to the Hakim Committee report, the government has issued the notification, making it mandatory for taxis as well.\" He said at present, e-meters were fitted only when the old taxis were replaced by new ones. \"About 30% of the 44,000 taxis are old ones (Premier Padmini models),\" More said. \"They will now have to compulsarily go in for e-meters by April 30,\" he added.Consumer activists like Shirish Deshpande from Mumbai Grahak Panchayat have been repeatedly demanding that e-meters should be fitted in all autos and taxis before announcing any future fare hikes. Sources at Mantralaya said the next fare hike for both autos and taxis will be decided on May 1, 2013, which is why the government is in a hurry to convert all mechanical meters to e-meters.A senior RTO official said that though the new rule implied that cabbies will switch to e-meters between December 1 and April 30, one should not be surprised if all taxis have e-meters by November 25. \"We are recalibrating meters as per the revised tariff (new fares from Oct 11). So far, all taxis approaching us have gone for the e-meter recalibration. Those who have mechanical meters are already dumping the same and switching over to e-meters. So, before the government notification can be implemented (Dec 1), you may see almost all taxis switching to e-meters by November end,\" the official added.On Friday, 486 taxis came to the Tardeo RTO for getting e-meters recalibrated. The total number of taxis which have e-meters (with Rs 19 reading) has crossed the 3,000-mark.Said regional transport officer (Tardeo) M B Jadhav, \"If you see the initial fare as Rs 19, it means that the meter has been recalibrated (minimum distance 1.5 km).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16976480", "title": "Statehood stir leader kills self", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Thousands of people in the state on Friday mourned the death of Sitaram Shastri, who played a pivotal role in the movement for separate statehood. Shastri (73), who was suffering from throat cancer, committed suicide on Thursday.\"It is a huge loss for Jharkhand, particularly for the deprived and under-privileged people for whom Shastriji fought all his life,\" said ex-MP Shailendra Mahato, a close aide of Shastri.The septuagenarian went missing from his Baliguma residence on Wednesday. His body was found on railway track in Adityapur on Thursday.The Jharkhand Disom Party leader and former Lok Sabha member, Salkhan Murmu, said Shastri's contribution to the struggle for tribal empowerment will always be remembered.A former employee of an insurance company, Shastri dedicated major part of his life fighting for justice. He was instrumental in strategizing the famous Singbhum bidi workers' agitation in 1969 in the then unified Bihar. \"The idea to fight for justice for the bidi workers was conceived by Shastriji,\" said Dev Kumar, who was Shastri's aide in his last years.Books written by Shastri highlight the plight of tribal people in the southern part of then unified Bihar. \"His books will be inspiration for all social activists in Jharkhand,\" said JMM district committee president Ramesh Hansda.Shastri is survived by his daughter and son-in-law. The last rites were performed on Friday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16975558", "title": "Serial shoot goes awry, 5-year-old crushed under car", "text": "HYDERABAD: Watching a TV serial shooting turned tragic for two children in Chandanagar on Friday morning. A five-year-old boy was killed and an 8-year-old girl's leg fractured when the lead actress knocked them down after losing control of the car she was driving during the filming. The actress, Archana, who is in her early 20s and was enacting the scene with the help of a driver, neither has a licence nor does she know how to drive a four-wheeler. The actress and serial manager have been arrested while cases have been booked against the driver and the director.The incident happened around 10.30 am on the sets of 'Indrani', a daily soap aired on Gemini TV, where the boy, Satwik Reddy, and the girl, Satwika, were among a group of boys and girls watching the shooting. Both are residents of RV Udyan Colony in Chandanagar. Satwik was in kindergarten while Satwika is studying in Class III.The scene required Archana to drive an Indica car for about 20 metres on the Colony road. According to cops, since Archana did not know how to drive, the producers thought she could do it with the help of a driver. \"But when the driver started the car and gave the steering to Archana, the car swerved, picked up speed and crashed into the steps of a park from where the children were watching the shooting,\" Chandanagar SI Srinivas Rao said.The out-of-control car's bumper rammed straight into Satwik who was sitting on the second step, resulting in critical head injuries. Satwika, however, was lucky as she was sitting just above Satwik and escaped with a fractured leg, the SI said.Shocked crew and colony residents immediately shifted Satwik and Satwika to a nearby hospital where the boy was declared brought dead. Satwika is undergoing treatment but is out of danger. Satwik's body was later shifted to the Gandhi Hospital for postmortem.Based on the complaint lodged by victims' family, police booked cases against Archana, serial director Sharath Babu, manager Venkateshwar Rao and the driver under IPC sections 304-A (causing death due to rash or negligent act) and 337 (causing injuries due to rash or negligent act).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16979494", "title": "Women from remote village shines at Shillong Half marathon", "text": "SHILLONG: Three women hailing from a remote village in Meghalaya's West Khasi Hills district stole the show at the Shillong Half marathon on Saturday.Kyntimon Marwein, 20, and her sister Dateibankynmaw, 18, bagged the first and the third prize in the women's category of the gruelling Shillong half marathon.Their youngest sister, Bandasharai Marwein, 16, took home the first prize of the Chief Minister's 'Youth for Green' run.The trio hail from Mawlangwir village, about half an hour walk, from the district headquarters of the newly created South West Khasi Hills district.Born to a poor family of nine siblings, the trio has won several other titles all throughout the year in the state but their feat is yet to be recognised till date.What set them apart from the rest of the runners was the fact that they have no professional trainers and lack basic support from the local government.\"We get up very early everyday and we begin our day by jogging. This has become our habit and everybody else is joining us now-a-days,\" Kyntimon told PTI.The sisters usually run for five kilometres everyday but in the past one month, the trio did a 15-km long run daily to prepare for the challenge on Saturday.The two-times champion among Indians at the Mumbai Marathon, Binning Lyngkhoi, who also hails from West Khasi Hills district, is their hero.\"We really look up to Bah Lyngkhoi for inspiration. We are confident that someday we will get due recognition somehow,\" the eldest among the three sisters said.Like them, there were a lot of enthusiastic sports personalities from remote villages who took part at the Shillong Half Marathon on Saturday.While many of them could not make it to the top and win prizes due to varied reasons, the MDTF said it is time the state take the opportunity to give them a platform and hone their skills.A senior sports department official said the government is considering giving due recognition to sportspersons from remote villages as part of the celebration of the year of the youth in Meghalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16979260", "title": "Timberlake apologises for mocking homeless people", "text": "Justin TImberlake has issued an apology over a video shown during his wedding ceremony, which mocked homeless people.The singer turned actor, who married Jessica Biel in a lavish 6.5-million-dollar ceremony in Italy last week, branded the clip \"distasteful\" and admitted he was \"deeply sorry\" about the incident.He was eager to distance himself from the controversy, making it clear he had \"no knowledge of its existence\" and had \"absolutely ZERO contribution to it.\"The video was created by his real estate friend Justin Huchel.It shows real homeless people on the LA streets purporting to be acquaintances who couldn't make it to the opulent ceremony.The 'Sexy Back' hitmaker posted a 700 word open letter to his fans on his website on Friday.\"My friends are good people. This was clearly a lapse in judgment, which I'm sure no one who is reading this is exempt from. But, I don't believe it was made to be insensitive,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as writing in the letter.\"More so, I think it was made as a joke on me not having that many friends attending my own wedding (which IS kind of funny if you think about it).\"I think we can all agree that it was distasteful, even though that was not its intention. I want to say that, on behalf of my friends, family, and associative knuckleheads, I am deeply sorry to anyone who was offended by the video. Again, it was something that I was not made aware of. But, I do understand the reaction and, by association, I am holding myself accountable,\" he wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16938317", "title": "Is it okay for diabetics to consume alcohol?", "text": "Most believe that alcohol is not safe for diabetics. Seen as a high-sugar indulgence, alcohol is believed to spike blood sugar levels, leading to a subsequent crash.But how true is this belief that alcohol is entirely bad for diabetics? Dr. Shalini Jaggi, Senior Consultant with Action Diabetic Centre of Sri Balaji Action Medical Institute, New Delhi, gives us the answers.Dr. Shalini is frank about alcohol consumption: \"People with diabetes can consume alcohol in moderation if they are aware of how it might affect their blood sugars. As one of the important lifestyle factors, alcohol consumption has shown a U-shaped association with the risk of diabetes, with the least risk being observed in people consuming moderate amounts of alcohol compared to non-drinkers as well as heavy drinkers. However, different findings have been seen in different studies which may not essentially conform to this fact.\"How does alcohol spike blood sugar level? \"What we need to understand is that alcohol also contains carbohydrates, which raise your blood sugar levels. So you may observe a slight peaking in your blood glucose levels initially depending on the amount of alcohol consumed.\"She also explains how alcohol can drop your blood sugar level : \"Another very important fact that we need to know is that in diabetics alcohol can also lower your blood sugars and precipitate hypoglycaemia as well. This occurs because alcohol is metabolized in the liver which is also the main organ responsible for storing your blood glucose and releasing it when needed.Alcohol interferes with liver's release of glucose because once liver detects alcohol, it gives preference to first clearing the alcohol, putting glucose production and release on hold. Hence this lack of glucose release from liver can cause hypoglycaemia or low blood sugar. Hence it is very important to know where to stop as well as consuming alcohol slowly and along with some food/snacks.\"She says, \"If you like to drink occasionally, it is important that you enjoy it to balance the sugar level. So, alcohol consumption has a short term effect of raising your blood sugars but in the long term it may lead to a drop triggering hypoglycaemia. Either way, it is serious and needs to be balanced so that you can relax and enjoy that drink without being exposed to either side of the swings.\"So how much alcohol can a diabetic consume? \"People with diabetes can consume alcohol in moderation if they are aware of how it might affect their blood sugars. The dietary guidelines generally recommend not more than one drink per day for women or two drinks per day for men. One drink , by definition , is about 350 ml beer, 240 ml malt liquor, 150 ml wine or 44ml hard liquor(vodka, gin, whiskey etc). They can have alcohol chocolates and cakes provided the carbohydrate content is moderate and they contain artificial sweeteners,\" says Dr. Shalini. A fair bet if you stick with it.Dr. Shalini shares some guidelines that will assure you of a safe night :1. \"Always check your blood sugar level before you start drinking so that you can be proactive in dealing with it. Also check your blood sugar in the following 12 hours after drinking alcohol to ensure that your levels are in the normal range.2. Know the carbohydrate content of your drink especially when taking cocktails containing mixers, fruit juice or regular soda-all of which typically increase the carbohydrate content drastically. A good option to lower the carb count would be substitution with diet soda, club soda, diet tonic water, plain water or artificially sweetened juices.3. Never consume alcohol on an empty stomach. Eat a carbohydrate snack before or along with your drink to avoid a low blood sugar reaction later. Some good snack choices are plain popcorns, pretzels, diet crackers, fat free or baked chips, raw vegetables or salads, steamed chicken or fish and a low fat yogurt dip.4. If you are a regular drinker, consuming alcohol several times a week, ensure that your diabetologist is aware of this when prescribing your medication or insulin doses. Discuss your drinking pattern and snacking choices with your dietician so that all the carbs can be accounted for.5. Always carry an ID that says you are a diabetic, especially when you plan to drink away from home in a bar or restaurant.\"Consume alcohol if you are sure about the normalcy of the sugar level. Be wise, know your drink, be disciplined and controlled when you consume alcohol. It is important to loop in your doctor on this feel good factor.Read more Personal Health, Diet &amp; Fitness stories on www.healthmeup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16975002", "title": "Injection claims minor boy's life", "text": "BHOPAL: An 8-year-old boy died late on Thursday after a homoeopath allegedly administered injection.The incident led to a protest by the family, but the police said the case against anyone would be registered only on the basis of autopsy report. The report is awaited.The minor boy, Karan, a resident of Harijan Basti in Teelajamalpura area, had sustained injury in his leg on October 23.Police said his father, Krishna Mohan took him to a clinic near his house where Dr Santosh Dubey reportedly administered him an injection and gave medicines.However, the minor's condition began deteriorating after which his father rushed him to the Kamla Nehru hospital in the Hamidia Hospital complex.Not satisfied with the treatment, the minor was taken to a private hospital, but he was denied admission there and he succumbed on Thursday night, police saidThe deceased's father, Krishna Mohan had reported the matter to the police. He demanded action against the doctor responsible for his son's death.Meanwhile, the police sent the body for autopsy and said a case would be registered only after receiving its report.Around 10 days ago, three minors died after being administered infected injections at the Kamla Nehru hospital. The hospital management had confirmed death of only one minor girl ,Saloni, because of the infected injection and had maintained that the cause of the remaining deaths were other reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16979124", "title": "'Cloud Atlas' film slammed for wrong casting", "text": "The makers of blockbuster movie 'Cloud Atlas' are under fire for using \"poorly-done\" eye make-up to make white actors look like Asians.The use of \"eye prosthetics\" to change the appearance of the actors' eyes in the film, has been called \"disturbing\" by an Asian American media watchdog.Media Action Network for Asian Americans (MANAA) said that the makers had missed a \"great opportunity\" to break racial stereotypes by using a white actor to play an Asian man in one of the lead \"action hero\" roles.\"In the modern age of movie make up, it is disturbing to see poorly done Asian eye prosthetics to make Caucasian men look Asian,\" the Daily Mail quoted Guk Aoki, MANAA's founding president as telling the Hollywood Reporter .\"Cloud Atlas missed a great opportunity. The Korea story's protagonist is an Asian man-an action hero who defies the odds and holds off armies of attackers.\"It would have been a great, stereotype-busting role for an Asian American actor to play, as Asian American men aren't allowed to be dynamic or heroic very often,\" he said.White actors Jim Sturgess, Hugo Weaving and James D'Arcy played Asian characters in 'Cloud Atlas,' while black actor Keith David was made to look Asian too.According to the website, Aoki complained about the apparent assumption that white actors could be made to look Asian just by changing their eyes and \"not their facial structure and complexion.\"Other actors in the film to play different races included Halle Berry , who plays a white woman, and Tom Hanks who plays a British man of southern European heritage.Aoki said the movie showed that using \"badly done yellowface\" in films \"is still OK.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16976436", "title": "Villagers raise cattle in tiger reserve to sell milk", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Many parts of tiger reserves, including the Palamu Tiger Reserve, are serving as grazing grounds for cattle, which are being raised for commercial supply of milk to faraway places.The steering committee member of the project, D S Srivastava, said cows and buffaloes are being raised on Hulook Pahar and Bareysarn amid natural surroundings and that there are at least a 100 herds of cattle. \"Milk from PTR goes as far as Mahuadarn and the bordering areas of Chhattisgarh ,\" he said.According to a source, the milk is being sold at Rs 25 a kg. Srivastava said a buffer conservator of the tiger reserve, Anil K Mishra, tried to remove the cattle from the forest ground but faced stiff resistance from the owners. \"The milkmen moved to other areas of the forest and started their business afresh,\" he said, adding that there was a similar problem at the Goru Mara tiger sanctuary, which is close to the Bhutan border, sometime back. But the problem could be checked because locals play a key role in protecting the forest there. \"Cattle grazing in PTR can also be controlled if we rope in locals. They would be the best guards against encroachment,\" he stressed.A couple of days back when TOI went to the Betla National Park, a tourist guide said tourists had complained about cows and buffaloes grazing in the park. \"We get to see them all over India, whey are you showing us cattle?\" a tourist had asked the guide.Betla forest officer Jawahar Lal Singh admitted that cattle are everywhere in the forest. \"We have a 24-hour patrolling and yet locals manage to push in their cattle,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16976317", "title": "UP universities to revise, update 50 courses by end of academic year", "text": "LUCKNOW: Vice-chancellors of all state universities have decided to revise and update nearly 50 courses in their respective universities by the end of 2012-13 academic session. In the first phase, 63 courses were revised in the academic year 2011-12. The decision was taken at a meeting of VCs of all state universities held at Dr Ram Manohar Lohiya National Law University ( RMLNLU) on Friday. The meeting was chaired by Prof RC Saraswat, vice-chancellor of Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University, Faizabad.Heading the monitoring committee for implementation of common minimum syllabus in all courses in various state universities, Prof Saraswat had called the meeting of VCs on the direction of state government. Chief secretary Jawed Usmani on October 3 wrote a letter to Prof Saraswat asking him to conduct a meeting of all VCs in October and assure revision of 50 courses.In order to obtain its objective of ensuring quality education in higher education institutions, the state government has endeavoured to revise syllabi of courses of all colleges and universities..Giving details about the implementation of common minimum syllabus, vice-chancellor of Rohilkhand University, Prof Mohd Muzammil said, \"There is a gross misunderstanding of the concept of common minimum syllabus. By the term, it is meant that all universities should include all topics as per the UGC curriculum for all subjects. Any addition in accordance to the demand of industry is always welcome.\"Prof Muzammil also said that there needs to be a commonality in regard to number of papers a student needs to qualify for a particular course each year. For instance, a student of economics in one state university has five subjects to clear in first year, while another student pursuing same course in another university needs to qualify only four.A discussion on improving quality of research also took place. It was decided that the admissions to Phd will be on the basis on common entrance test. All universities have been asked to upload the vacant number of seats in all subjects, so that students face no trouble while taking admissions. Also, a student who will qualify a test scheduled after six months of doing course work will be eligible to pursue PhD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16976270", "title": "Drives to check festive food adulteration", "text": "VARANASI: Food may be a major component of festivity in India, but the city authorities have not launched any drives to check its adulteration during this year's festive season.In view of the increased demand for food items such as khoya, ghee, oil and milk during the season, the government departments launch special drives every year to check adulteration of the same by unscrupulous elements. When the district food safety officer Ashok Kumar Singh was contacted on Friday, he admitted that no such drive has been launched in the district this year.However, he said the drives will be carried out from Tuesday onwards. \"This festive season, we will also inspect cold storages along with khoya and sweet shops. So far, around 8 to 9 samples were collected in the month of September, but reports of the same are awaited,\" informed Sharma.It is noteworthy that it takes around 14 days to a month to get reports of the collected samples. However, if a customer wants to check the quality of the food article on the spot, there are no kits available with the district office of the department.According to Sharma, the department provides no such kits and chemicals as the methods are not always reliable and the action taken against the manufacturer and seller of adulterated food articles is based on the final testing conducted in the laboratories. Around two years ago, to facilitate on-site testing by customers and food inspectors, some chemicals had been provided by the laboratories to check the purity of food articles but the method was not very successful as the results were not consistent.\"On the other hand, if a customer suspects adulteration in any food article he or she is purchasing, he or she can also directly apply for the test by submitting samples along with a demand draft of Rs 1000 (which is refundable if the sample fails the test). This process also takes at least 14 days time,\" informed Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "faizabad/lucknow", "code": "16976239", "title": "Faizabad under control despite 2 cases of arson", "text": "FAIZABAD/LUCKNOW: There was no escalation of violence despite two cases of arson and the situation in Faizabad remained tense but under control on Friday. While the first case of arson was reported from Phulwari village in Bhadarsa area of the district, miscreants set four shops on fire at around 11 pm in the curfew-bound Sadar area despite the presence of heavy police force.Two persons were killed and over a dozen injured in the violence on the Dussehra day evening on Wednesday. While religious leaders appealed the people to maintain peace and harmony, the state govermment announced that it was examining if there was any laxity on parts of district magistrate (DM) and police chief in containing the trouble.\"On the request of the administration, the members of the minority community have also agreed to offer Eid-ul-Zuha prayer on Saturday in their respective areas instead of having a congregation at Eidgah -- as it is normally done on the auspicious occasion -- as a precautionary measure and to help the administration keep things under control in view of tense situation,\" said DM Deepak Agarwal. Even on Friday, curfew was relaxed for some time during the day allowing Muslims to offer prayers in mosques in their respective localities. Curfew would also be relaxed for prayers on Saturday.As many as 26 persons have been arrested in connection with the violence from different parts of the district and 13 FIR s registered so far. Apart from heavy posse of civil police, several companies of provincial arms constabulary (PAC) and rapid action force (RAF) have also been deployed in the sensitive areas. The district administration has also appealed to the people to cooperate with the police and not to get swayed by rumours.Although officers of Faizabad district administration said that they were taking all possible measures to keep situation under control, their role is also under scanner following complaints that delayed administrative and police response was responsible for aggravating the crisis. In Lucknow, Inspector General, Law and Order, BP Singh told reporters \"We will review the role of DM and SP of Faizabad and action will be taken it they were found guilty of laxity.\" He also said that the DM had been asked to collect details about the shops that were set ablaze by the mob during violence, so that their owners could be compensated.In Lucknow, addressing reporters, Shia cleric Maulana Kalbe Jawwad said that incidents of communal violence indicated complete failure of the police and local administration. He produced some locals from Faizabad who claimed that tension was prevailing since the idols of Devkaali temples were stolen. Though the idols were recovered later, situation continued to be tense. \"Had the district administration deployed enough force on the day of idol immersion and reacted timely to resolve the dispute, the violence could have been averted,\" said Uttam sharma of Rashtriya Pragatisheel Morcha. Mahant Janmejay of the Shree Janki Ghaat in Ayodhya said that the free-for-all lasted for more than two hours but there was no one to check it. \"People known to me who live in Faizabad's Chowk area have told me that police were nowhere to be seen when all this was going on,\" he said.However BJP's former Ayodhya MP Vinay Katiyar said that the outbreak of violence amply demonstrated a total failure of the state government. He said tension had been brewing in the city for quite some time but the administration did not take prevention measures. Several prominent saints of Ayodhya, including Janmejay Sharan, Kaushal Kishor Das, Ram Tahal Sharan and Anjani Sharan also condemned the incident and appealed for peace and harmony.On the other hand, expressing concern over the violence, UP Congress chief and MP from Faizabad Nirmal Khatri said that it was a pre-planned move to disrupt the peace and harmony in the city. However, BJP Lalji Tandon, also MP from Lucknow, said that policy of \"appeasement\" of the Samajwadi Party government was damaging the atmosphere of brotherhood and amity in the state. He also claimed that he was not allowed by the district authorities to go to Faziabad. The newly appointed president of Rashtriya Lok Dal Munna Singh Chauhan also held the district administration responsible for the violenceThe state government has suspended city magistrate Tilakdhari Yadav and station house officer of Kotwali city police station Bhullan Yadav. Surendra Kumar, city magistrate of Rae Bareli, has been posted in the same capacity in Faizabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16976620", "title": "Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University examination form dates announced", "text": "KANPUR: Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University (CSJMU) authorities have declared the dates for filling examination forms for both regular and private first year students of government and non-government colleges affiliated to the varsity.The students can fill their examination forms between November 1 and 23 for the academic session 2012-13.While regular students may fill the forms from their respective colleges, private candidates can do the same by consulting the university website and the department concerned.Students from 698 degree colleges affiliated to CSJMU in 14 districts are supposed to fill their examination forms as per the schedule. The students are also directed to submit the examination fees as per prescribed norms. On the other hand, the dates for the examination form filling for Kanpur Village and Raibareilly are from November 7 and 8 respectively while the forms may be filled from Lakhimpur Khiri and Sitapur on November 01. Students from Farukhabad and Kannauj can fill their exam forms on November 2 and 3, the same dates as Kaushambi and Fatehpur.The students of Aurraiya and Etawah can fill the forms on November 5 and 6 while the date for the same at Hardoi and Unnao is from November 9 to 19. Students from Allahabad can fill their examination forms from November 1 to 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16973836", "title": "Gadkari bought, set up new plants despite Rs64 crore loss", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP national president Nitin Gadkari's Purti group purchased the non-functional Wainganga and Mahatma sugar factories in 2009-10. The half-built sugar factory of Shri Chaityaneshwar Sugars Limited (SCSL) too was purchased around this time. A little earlier, a new biomass power plant had been operationalized in 2008 in Chandrapur. Besides, three more sugar and power companies were floated in 2010, with similar concept.The source of the funding for all these acquisitions are not clear yet, since Purti Power and Sugar Limited (PPSL), the heart of the Purti group, declared a loss of over Rs60 crore in this period. In fact, PPSL itself was mortgaged to raise some funds.In a detailed reply to TOI's queries a few days ago, PPSL managing director Sudhir Dive said Purti was facing losses of Rs64 crore and left with no option but to obtain loan of Rs164 crore from IRB group's DP Mhaiskar. The loan came in from Global Safety Vision Private Limited in March 2010 with the mortgage of PPSL.Information from various sources, including Dive, reveals that Purti group purchased non-functional Wainganga and Mahatma sugar plants for Rs28.20 crore in 2009-10. Also in 2010, the Purti group took over SCSL's plant at village Masad in Lakhandur tehsil, Bhandara district. According to documents submitted to the registrar of companies and available on the website of ministry of corporate affairs, the authorized capital of Wainganga is Rs25 crore while it is Rs30 crore for Mahatma Sugar.SCSL founder Shriram alias Dadasaheb Tichkule told TOI that the company had been established in joint association with many people to rescue sugarcane growers in Bhandara district. \"We started construction of the sugar plant and invested Rs2.32 crore. But the plant was never completed due to paucity of funds and never became operational,\" he said.Praising Gadkari, Tichkule said the Purti group restarted Wainganga plant and brought a revolution in the sugarcane sector in the district. \"I informed Gadkari about the SCSL plant and he agreed to take it over. However, we are facing a few problems in taking the plant further. Money is yet to be paid to the original investors,\" he said.According to details from the ministry of corporate affairs, Purti group also floated three more sugar and power limited companies on the lines of PPSL, Wainganga and Mahatma, in the name of Bhandara, Buldhana and Akola sugar and power private limited in 2010. The directors in all these three companies are the famous four - Gadkari's driver Manohar Panse, 'diwan' Kawdu Zade, and staffers Sagar Kotwaliwale and Nishant Agnihotri.Sources told TOI that Bhandara Sugar And Power Limited was actually floated to operate Wainganga plant but Purti group decided to continue with the same name. The question that remains unanswered is whether the Purti group was planning to buy non-functional sugar plants in Buldhana and Akola also.Earlier, in 2008, Purti group and the management of Umred Agro Complex Limited came up with a 8MW biomass power plant under the banner of Yash Agro Energy Limited near Umred Agro's plant at village Kolari in Umrer tehsil, Chandrapur district. Purti group's website shows Yash Agro as part of the group. Managing director of Umred Agro Uday Kamat also holds the same post in Yash Agro. Gadkari's son Nikhil and other persons related to him are among the remaining eight directors.Kamat told TOI that Yash Agro was not a subsidiary of Purti group but an associated company. \"We, in association with Gadkari, established the plant. Umred Agro has nothing to do with the Purti group or Gadkari. We had Gadkari's guidance as independent director for some time. But Gadkari or Purti group have no share in Umred Agro,\" he said.However, Sunil Pedgaonkar, who introduced himself as vice-chairman in Yash Agro, denied any links to Gadkari at all. \"I have never even met Gadkari. But ours and Gadkari's vision is same; developing agro based industries,\" he said.MCA documents reveal the authorized capital of Yash Agro is Rs21 crore. The authorized capital of these four plants along with PPSL comes to around Rs147 crore. As accepted by Dive earlier, the Purti group also operates some other projects and records total annual turnover of Rs250 crore. The question is how Gadkari's Purti group managed to establish all these companies despite its own huge losses.In the case of Wainganga Sugar and Power Limited, the TOI investigation shows that Rs3.10 crore came from five corporate companies and one individual. The addresses, email ID and other details of all five companies are suspicious. Many more such skeletons could be hidden in the cupboards of other companies owned by Purti group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16976216", "title": "Cadre review: Provincial Police Association pins hope on chief minister", "text": "VARANASI: Worried over a large number of posts of IPS lying vacant, the UP Provincial Police Association (UPPPSA) is now pinning its hope on chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, who has set January 15 as the deadline for completing the process of cadre review in the state.UPPPSA president Yugal Kishore said on Friday that \"during his October 21 speech, the CM had given this assurance\".\"It implemented, 50 PPS officials will get promoted to IPS cadre while the grade and posts of 800 other PPS officials would also improve. Besides, the CM had also recommended the Centre to increase the quota from 33.3 percent to 50 percent for the promotion of PPS officials in IPS cadre,\" said Kishore adding, \"if this recommendation is considered, the shortage of IPS officials would be over.\"If sources associated with UPPPSA are to be believed, many active posts, like the commandant of about 30 battalions of PAC, are lying vacant due to unavailability of SSP-rank officials while similar problems are being faced in many other units.Sources revealed that against five sanctioned posts of DGs, as many as 14 officials are available while against 21 sanctioned positions of ADGs, 34 officials are available. However, against the sanctioned positions of 51 IGs and 59 DIGs, sources said, 42 and 50 officers respectively of these ranks are available.The sanctioned senior duty posts are 265 while 299 officers including SPs are required at present in the state, said sources adding that 150 positions of SP-rank officers are lying vacant.The process of promoting 81 PPS officers in IPS cadre is still lingering, they said. Had this process been completed, this crisis could have been over as it could help in filling over 100 vacant posts of IPS cadre.Sources said that the charge of districts had been given to IPS officials in junior pay scale category at six places. All these issues were raised during the meeting of association's office-bearers and principal secretary (home) on October 14 in which it was considered that cadre review of not only PPS but even of IPS is a must.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16975911", "title": "\u201880% shows for weekend booked\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Their moistened eyes couldn't stifle the tears as they watched satirist Jaspal Bhatti living up to his act on the silver screen at a local cinema hall during the premiere of his last film \"Power Cut\" on Friday.The viewers \u2014 family, kin and friends of Bhatti \u2014 felt the agony of the void that the comedy king had left behind as they watched him enacting his intelligent jokes in his inimitable style.Bhatti and Savita had a great onscreen chemistry. Their reel portrayal reflected the kind of bond and understanding they shared in real life. Bhatti's death has abruptly put an end not just to the original humour that he produced but also the 'jodi' that rocked the screen not only in comedy serials but also in a television dance show. They won't be seen in street shows together again. Savita said, \"It is difficult to come to terms with the reality. But Jaspal will always stay with me in my heart.\"Along with friends and relatives, Punjabi cinema personalities, including Harbhajan Mann, Gurpreet Ghuggi, Bhagwant Mann, also attended the show.Recounting his association with the comedian, Harbhajan Mann said, \"No one can match his talent. Jaspal was just extraordinary.\" Actor Yami Gautam too made it for the premiere which starred her sister Surili Gautam. The film \"Power Cut\" makes yet another satirical spoof on the electricity departments. \"The first day of the film saw an overwhelming response. And 80% of the shows for the weekend have already been booked,\" said the film distributor Raj Juneja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16979970", "title": "Rozlyn Khan's war with Poonam Pandey and Sherlyn Chopra", "text": "Dare to bare model Rozlyn Khan who is known for all sorts of controversies - from IPL to monsoon nude bath created a stir again recently. When strip queens like Poonam Pandey and Sherlyn Chopra were busy celebrating \"\"no bra day\"\" by putting topless and no bra pictures, Rozlyn surprised all by slipping into a pink bikini to create awareness about breast cancer.Six months back too Rozlyn had gone topless for spreading the awareness about \"breast cancer\" and this month she again did a special photo shoot, since this is the month of breast cancer awareness. When asked, Rozlyn said: \"Scars on the body mean scars on the soul! Hell breaks loose when one comes to know that one is suffering from breast cancer. And I want to reach out to all the women out there, to make them aware of this disease!\"However, as soon as Rozlyn put her pictures on twitter, Poonam Pandey and Sherlyn Chopra started celebrating no bra day. Interestingly, no bra day is in the month of July. Playboy model Sherlyn Chopra - who was also happily putting no bra pictures - noticed Rozlyn Khan's tweets that it was not a 'no bra day', she also started tweeting about breast cancer awareness campaigns before Rozlyn Khan could make fun of Sherlyn on twitter, just like she did in Poonam Pandey's case.When their followers noticed the whole game, they had a great time and started putting spicy tweets. Sample these:#@Rozlyn Khan ne poonam pandey ki keh ke le li.....#Sherlyn chopra aur poonam pandey ko politics main hona chahiye tha, dono ko koi expose hi nahi kar sakta.# Farak kya padta hai sherlyn aur poonam ko toh bahana chahiyeRozlyn claims that Sherlyn copied her tweets and that Sherlyn Chopra's official fan club's a follower of Rozlyn Khan's twitter account, so that she can keep watch on each and every tweet of her's.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978466", "title": "Eat right at the bazaar!", "text": "TOI takes you through street foods that must not be missed this shopping season.The bright lights of busy stores go off after a busy day of sales. At this time, a walk in the city's commercial streets opens up a whole new world of food right before one's eyes. Stalls selling parottas, biriyani, fried meats, vegetable stew and many other street foods seem to spring up magically as dusk falls.Economical, quick and accessible, street food fills your tummy and sets your taste buds on fire any time, any day. \"After browsing scores and scores of shops, visiting these food stores is heavenly. Sometimes we go out just to eat during the late evenings rather than shopping,\" says an engineering student, Poornima R.To the foodie, Trichy can boast of dishes that date back many decades like the Burmese noodles which are served in the same way as it was once traditionally prepared. The owner of this noodle stall was a resident of Burma who migrated to Trichy, starting the shop in 1981.Some food shops have ruled the tummies for decades and are famous in the city. \"I can't think of a better place for biryani than 'Raoji's'. The food is over the minute the stall opens. I have seen scores of people waiting in queue for the food. The accompaniments that come along are as yummy as the main dish. That is why you are supposed to eat the food right here on the streets rather than collect parcels,\" quips Rajesh Punjabi, a financier.Most feel the true essence of street food is lost if it is packed up to be eaten at home. It is not just about the taste, but relishing the sights, sounds and smells that makes this a joyous experience for many.Street food gets most people salivating as it is flavourful, fragrant and most improtantly \u2014 it is fresh. One reason for the freshness is that there are no leftovers... the food is prepared on the same day as it is served.Some regulars have been visiting the stalls since childhood, but to others there is the joy of a happy discovery. Some stalls play with local flavors and customize their food according to different palates. Gopi Chinnapa, an MCA student, says, \"I ask for extra pepper in my eggs while some of my friends prefer extra onions... our tastes keep changing and the cook patiently follows this. That is the main reason these shops have so many fans. Even if we try making this food at home, it somehow never matches the tastes here!\"Well said! Street food is truly a reminder that variety is the spice of life!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "16976255", "title": "Faridkot abduction: Minor girl's parents allege victimization", "text": "FARIDKOT: The parents of the minor girl, who has been staying at the Jalandhar-based Nari Niketan after refusing to return home, said on Friday that the Punjab government was trying to further victimize them.They said that state government was indulging in propaganda by spreading rumours that \"our daughter doesn't want to meet us.\"\"My daughter is in police custody, not in the Nari Niketan. She lives in fear there or has been mentally tortured by police. Nari Niketan administration has provided only accommodation and food; total arrangements are of police department,\" said father of the minor girl, who was abducted from her home in broad daylight and rescued from Goa some days back.The parents also denied that their daughter had refused to meet them. \"Only one person was allowed to meet her. So her mother met her,\" said the father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16976310", "title": "Man suspects son to be illegitimate, murders him", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 50-year-old man allegedly bludgeoned his son to death in Nagram area on city outskirts on Friday, suspecting him to be his illegitimate child. The incident was reported to Nagram police station by the wife of the deceased at around 2.00 p.m. The accused, Ramprakash, who works as a driver with private agencies, is absconding.According to the police, the deceased Indal Rawat, 25, stayed with his father, mother and three siblings along with his wife in Rambaksh Kheda area of Nagram. As per the Indal's widow Sunita (name changed), her husband had left the village in the morning to find a new place to stay after being constantly harassed by his father.Ramprakash, on learning the plans of his son reached the spot where Indal was attempting to put up his shanty. The two had a heated argument and in fit of a rage Ramprakash hit his son brutally with a spade, police said. Ramprakash allegedly doled out several blows, breaking the skull, neck and forehead of his son. Indal died on the spot bleeding profusely. The family members rushed to the spot after learning about the incident from Sunita, who was present on the spot. The accused threatened his family members from going to the police and fled the scene.Police said that Ramprakash used to frequently beat and harass members of his family, particularly his wife. \"The wife of the accused said that Ramprakash would drink and beat her up badly every now and then. Meanwhile, we have alerted the police in the region to arrest the absconding accused,\" said Pramod Pandey, in-charge of Nagram police station. He also added that the family of the accused feared his wrath.A resident of the area on the condition of anonymity, revealed another theory. \"Though it was true that Ramprakash often created ruckus in the house suspecting his wife of harbouring illicit relationships and giving birth to illegitimate son (read Indal), the reason for the murder was his son's decision to move out of home.\" It is rumoured that Ramprakash had illicit feelings for his daughter-in-law and his vibes were gaining strength. \"His son sensed the matter and decided to move out of the family home,\" said the person.The police till late Friday were trying to establish the real motive. \"It seems rather far-fetched for somebody to kill so called 'illegitimate son' after 25 years,\" said an official working on the case. Indal worked as a daily wage labourer and had married Sunita (22), recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16974214", "title": "Have the MLAs become crorepatis because of their businesses or their being in politics?", "text": "In the current economic scenario, being a crorepati is no a big deal. A crore is not that difficult to attain. Besides, if a politician wants to survive and remain in power, a certain amount of money is needed. Many of these politicians are born rich and have traditional businesses. However, there are some that have used their good offices to acquire more assets.Vishwanath SwarProfessor, MargaoOnly a few MLAs were crorepatis before they became MLAs. Involvement in mining either directly or indirectly is a major factor for a rise in their assets. Their positions in government and involvement in various deals has led them to benefit in a major way. A increase in their assets cannot be entirely attributed to their business profits.Maurice ColacoHR manager, VelimIn fact the MLAs have become crorepatis for both the reasons. Firstly, most of our Goan politicians get into politics only when they are successful in their businesses and have made enough money to fulfill their political aspirations. No doubt once they get elected the crore automatically multiplies in the following five years. And surprisingly their businesses flourish even while they are busy in politics and have no time for their business.Wilbur Desasenior manger, Airmax, SaligaoSince the inception of new liberal era in India, a new trend has emerged in Indian politics be it national or state politics. The constant shifting of power centres between political class and elite propertied class has resulted in overlapping of interest in both the domains, leading to crony capitalism where political class and propertied elite class are not segregated. They together represent the elite class who have been virtually able to control all the power relations in society whether political or economic power. Many businessman joining politics and politicians joining business is a result of this trend.Shilpa Singhassistant professor, Panaji", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16974066", "title": "Force India's Hulkenberg pleased after practice sessions", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: For someone who hasn't driven before on the Buddh International Circuit, the track can prove to be a formidable challenge. Sahara Force India's Nico Hulkenberg , though, will be pleased after Friday's work in the two practice sessions ahead of Sunday's Airtel Indian Grand Prix.The German driver clocked the eighth fastest time of 1:27.233 in the second practice session after being 14th quickest in the first session in the morning. \"It was a pretty good Friday. We got through all the programs and it went pretty okay,\" Hulkenberg told TOI here on Friday.The day was not without incidents for Hulkenberg as he spun off the track at Turn 9 during the second session. \"I was on my soft-tyre run. At the corner before, I had gone off track and picked up some dirt on the tyres. I didn't want to ruin the lap so turned in, lost the rear and that was it,\" Hulkenberg, who is currently 12th in the Drivers' Standings, said.His teammate Paul Di Resta did nothing spectacular in either of the two sessions. Di Resta was 11th fastest in the second session with a best time of 1:28.004.Hulkenberg, though, was impressed by the BIC after his first drive here. \"By nature the circuit is quite challenging. Section two - Turns 5, 6, 7 and 8 - is quite tricky. A bit of oversteer can send you off. It is just a very technical section,\" he said.Asked about the absence of team principal Vijay Mallya from the Friday practice session, he said, \"Deputy team principal Robert Fernley is here and he is involved in strategy. Generally Vijay only turns up for Saturday qualifying and after. So I don't think it has a negative impact on the team.\"For the lone Indian competing in the race - Narain Karthikeyan - it was a bittersweet Friday. In the morning, Karthikeyan was competitive in his run, clocking a time of 1:32.15, which was the 22nd quickest time ahead of his teammate Pedro De La Rosa and Marussia's Charles Pic . But in the second session, Karthikeyan had to forego his run with the softer tyres due to a minor hydraulics problem in the car.\"It was a great feeling racing in India once again, at home. The first session went pretty well and in the afternoon we decided to change the balance of the car to improve certain aspects. We'd just set the soft tyres when, unfortunately, we suffered a hydraulic failure which impeded us from improving our times,\" Karthikeyan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16975572", "title": "Priyadarshini Planetarium to get neutrino models soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Priyadarshini Planetarium housed in the Kerala State Science and Technology Museum (KSSTM) here would soon get two neutrino models. \"Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR) scientist Naba Mondal has agreed to gift two models free-of-cost to the planetarium to allay the fears about neutrinos and to open the gates of research into these primordial matter,\" KSSTM director Arul Jerald Prakash, told TOI.\"The first one will be a real-time research and development model that can detect atmospheric neutrinos from the sun at a minimum threshold. The TIFR scientists are currently in the process of preparing it. The second one will be a simulated model, a computerized one which will explain the beta plus decay of an atom which happens inside the nucleus of an atom. It will also explain how the energy variations in the reaction go into converting a proton into a neutron, a positron and a neutrino,\" he said.The planetarium is expected to get the models in two months. \"If we receive the simulated model before November 14, Children's Day, it would be an additional attraction,\" KSSTM officials said.\"The installation of the 17-meter full rotational dome to place the reflector telescope for enhanced astronomical shows, an evolution park with 13 dinosaur models, a robotics corner and a 3D facility for world class astral viewing experience are lined up as part of the revamping of the planetarium,\" they added.The work is on round the clock at the planetarium to arrange the dinosaur moulds procured from Science City, Kolkata, and pneumatic controls with light and sound system from Bangalore-based Visvesvaraya Museum, officials said.The planetarium is expecting one of the models before Children's Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16974419", "title": "Hospital refutes allegation of laundry unit polluting canal", "text": "COIMBATORE: Refuting allegations that its laundry unit at Sungam near Ramanathapuram was causing environmental and water pollution in the vicinity, G Kuppuswamy Naidu Memorial Hospital in the city has clarified that it subjects water from the unit to a \"well organized scientific treatment\".Responding to an article carried in these columns recently, hospital dean Dr Ramkumar Raghupathy also said the hospital was not discharging any polluting substance to a canal flowing close to the laundry unit. \"The treatment plant of the laundry consists of all required elements such as collection tank, mixing platform, aerator, lagoon, decanter unit, multimedia filter and ozone injector. The chemicals being used for washing of linen are of domestic grade like lime powder and effective micro organism solution,'' he claimed. \"After treatment, the water is devoid of any harmful content. The parameters we have enforced are strictly well within the limits prescribed by relevant authorities like Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board,\" he added. \"We are not discharging even the treated water into the canal. The treated water is being utilized to develop greenery and fruit plants in the laundry campus itself,'' he claimed. According to him, the hospital laundry has the required consent from TNPCB for operation and the consent is valid for the period ending September 2013.Referring to the stench emanating from the canal, he said the canal was in fact an extension of a big drain running from Valankulam lake to the Noyyal, which has turned into a garbage dump. \"A lot of household waste including sewage is being let out into the drain from the dwellings nearby. The drain which was approximately 20 feet wide in the past has now been reduced to four feet due to encroachment and dumping of all types of debris including plastics and household waste,'' he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16975888", "title": "Gujarat Technological University appoints 25 deans", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has appointed 25 deans for the 450-odd colleges which are affiliated with the university. While the tenure of the deans was only one year, the deans have not been replaced despite it being over a-year-and-a-half.A number of trustees of colleges represented to the GTU to rotate the deans. They said that since the report of surprise checks on the colleges is prepared by the deans, the truth is not reflected in the reports as most deans are principals of colleges as well and tend not to highlight the shortcoming of their own colleges.\"Barring five or six colleges, the infrastructure is poor in most colleges,\" said a trustee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16975385", "title": "Work on sports ayurveda hospital to begin by Nov", "text": "THRISSUR: Construction of the sports ayurveda hospital, a first-of-its-kind initiative in the country, will begin in the first week of November, said Thrissur MLA Therambil Ramakrishnan.Earlier this year, an ayurveda hospital for sportsmen was proposed and the government immediately sanctioned Rs 70 lakh for the same. \"We proposed a 50-bedded hospital which will come up in the available one-and-a-half acres of the Thrissur government ayurveda hospital compound. The project is included in the Twelfth Plan,\" said Ramakrishnan. The project will be supervised by Dr C A Vimal, former member, sports ayurveda team of the Commonwealth Games, New Delhi. According to authorities, ayurveda therapy has received tremendous response from athletes as it does not have any side-effects like allopathy. The sports ayurveda team made available during Commonwealth Games received good response from foreign athletes.Focus will be on sports school students, as the state can't cater to all the aspirants at present. According to experts in the field, most injuries they come across are related to bones and muscles for which ayurveda offers cost-effective and non-invasive treatment. An ayurveda sports medicine centre has been functioning at the Thrissur government ayurveda hospital for the past 10 months and 200 athletes have already approached the centre for treatment. tnnConstruction of the Sports Ayurveda Hospital, the first-of-its-kind initiative in the country that would come up in Thrissur, will be started in the first week of November, informed Thrissur MLA Therambil Ramakrishnan.It was earlier this year that a Ayurveda hospital for sportsmen was proposed and the government immediately sanctioned Rs 70 lakh for the same.\"We have proposed a 50-bedded hospital which will come up in the Thrissur Government Ayurveda Hospital compound utilizing one-and-a-half acres of land available there. The project is already included in the Twelfth Plan,\" he said.The project is supervised by Dr C A Vimal, who was the member in the sport Ayurveda team in the Commonwealth Games in New Delhi.According to authorities, Ayurveda therapy has received tremendous response from sportsmen and athletes as it does not have any side-effects like in Allopathy treatments. The sports Ayurveda team made available during Commonwealth Games had received good response even from foreign sportsmen and athletes.Focus will be on Sports School students as well as seniors. The state is not able to cater to all the aspirants at present.According to athletes and experts in the field, most of the injuries athletes come across are related to bones and muscles and Ayurveda offers cost-effective and less surgical treatments, they pointed out.An Ayurveda Sports Medicine Centre is functioning in the Thrissur Government Ayurveda Hospital since past 10 months and about 200 athletes have already approached the centre for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978224", "title": "Will Aishwarya Rai Bachchan strike back in 2013?", "text": "Aishwarya Rai Bachchan needs no introduction whatsoever. Just before her 39th birthday we ask astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi what's in store for the gorgeous actress.\"AishwaryaRai Bachchan was born on 1st November 1973 which makes her a Number 1 (Sun) person in numerology. Her sun sign is Scorpio (ruler Mars - Number 9) while her 'destiny' number adds up to Number 5 (Mercury)\", explains Bhavikk.\"Ash is what she is ruled by - Number 1, the most powerful star in the solar system - the Sun. Without it, there is no existence. She is strong, aggressive and a complete go getter. She is so determined on what she wants in life that nothing and absolutely nothing can stop her from doing that. At times her approach could be a bit forceful, but she knows how to mellow it down when required. Her communication skills are so effective that she can make people spellbound by her speech\", he explains further.\"Ash will now be entering in her 40th year which indicates that she will strike back with full power and resume work after a much needed break\", predicts Bhavikk on a joyous note. \"She will bag a plum project in 2013 and will be shooting for a major part of the year so she can have a release in 2014\".\"On the negative side, this may take a toll on her mental well-being as she will be missing her one-year old daughter Aaradhya, hubby Abhishek and her in laws a lot during this time giving rise to bouts of depression and loneliness\".\"Wearing a Red Coral in gold on her ring finger will help her bringing out the right balance in her life and also stop unnecessary delays if any\", advices Bhavikk strongly before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974272", "title": "Cops rapped over AI men's passport row", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court questioned how the cyber crime cell could seize and impound the passports of two Air India (AI) cabin crew and retain them for over five months without a court order.A division bench of Justices Abhay Oka and Sadhana Jadhav on October 25 heard a petition by K V J Rao (50) and Mayank Sharma (30), office-bearers of the Air India Cabin Crew Association. The cyber crime cell had booked the two for posting \"lascivious and defamatory material\" on social networking websites. Rao and Sharma have contested the charges. On May 11, Rao and Sharma were picked up on a complaint by an ex-union office-bearer, Sagar Karnik.According to Karnik's plaint, the two posted blogs criticizing politicians, the prime minister's office and the apex court and also insulted the national flag. They were released on bail by the sessions court on May 22. Their HC plea said the investigating officer, Sunil Goshalkar, insisted they carry their passports and identity cards with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16978753", "title": "Jharkhand cabinet raises Varsity teachers' retirement age", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand cabinet on Friday approved the proposal to increase the retirement age of university teachers from 62 to 65.The decision was taken at the cabinet meeting, chaired by chief minister Arjun Munda , cabinet secretary N N Pandey said here.The cabinet also decided to increase remunerations of para teachers of schools between Rs 700 and Rs 1000, he said.In another decision, the cabinet approved setting up a police station for cyber crime, the officer said.Approving the police station under the CID, the cabinet also ratified posts for it.For the cyber services, help of technical experts would be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "noida/greater noida", "code": "16975028", "title": "Cops breathe easy as first day of F1 passes smoothly", "text": "NOIDA/GREATER NOIDA: The Gautam Budh administration managed to counter all problems that were faced last year during the F1 event as they had prepared well in advance this time round. Preparations for hosting the F1 were made almost a month in advance and both Noida and Greater Noida were spruced up. An amount of Rs 60 crore alone was spent on revamping Noida-Greater Noida Expressway, the link road connecting to the Buddh International Circuit off the Yamuna Expressway in Greater Noida.\"We beautified and re-carpeted the expressway and its service lanes. Also, we have put up road signs to guide race goers all the way from Delhi to Greater Noida,\" said a senior official of Noida Authority.Learning from last year's experience when the F1 event debuted, detailed and easy-to-follow traffic diversions have been put into place so that no traffic gridlocks are formed and visitors are able to reach the race venue with the minimum inconvenience. \"Several arterial roads that are likely to be affected by race goers have been turned into no-entry zones. Heavy vehicles have been banned from using the Noida-Greater Noida expressway and normal traffic from the service lanes. Several points across the district have been barricaded and are being manned by police personnel,\" said Dharmender Singh Yadav, traffic inspector, Noida.\"Last year, commuters had to face severe traffic snarls, so this year a plan was chalked out to avoid a similar situation on Noida roads,\" said AK Goel, chief maintenance engineer (civil) Noida. \"The roads from Akshardham in Delhi via Film City in Noida to the BIC in Greater Noida and the road from Ashram in Delhi via the DND right up to the BIC are going to be signal-free for the 3-day event,\" Yadav said.DND and Yamuna Expressway will be toll free on October 28. The administration has set up two helplines, one at the city magistrate's office in Sector 19 of Noida (0120-2441544), and the other in the district collectorate at Greater Noida (0120-2560044).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16976164", "title": "First Pakistani to go into space will be a woman", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Once you've been to both poles, skydived over Mount Everest and set up your country's first consulate in Monaco , the question is: what next?For 37-year-old explorer Namira Salim the answer is easy - become the first Pakistani to go into space. Her flight with Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic space tourism project is planned for next year. Although no date has been fixed for the venture's first commercial flight, she is looking forward to fulfilling a lifelong obsession.\"As a child I always believed I would go to space. It's not that I read about it one fine day and thought of signing up. I've always said this was in my DNA,\" she said in an interview from Dubai .\"I must have been less than five years old and I was crying very hard. My father was trying to pacify me and I was like 'I don't want anything, I just want to go to space. I don't want any toys, nothing , just send me to space' .\"But coming from a country with no major space programme of its own, where millions live in poverty, the journey to the stars was never likely to be straightforward. Pressured by her father to study, she kept up her passion for space in her spare time, joining astronomy clubs and spending nights gazing at the desert skies after her family moved to the UAE in the 1980s. \"I always had this feeling that there was something very spiritual and divine associated with this whole thing,\" she said of her ambition. \"As if something was really pulling me there and calling out to me, and I had to be there and I belonged there.\" Chasing your dreams doesn't always come cheap - Salim paid $200,000 to sign up with Virgin Galactic in 2007, funded with support from her family, who run a heavy construction equipment firm in the UAE.Salim said the money she has paid is an investment in a commercial industry that will one day replace government space agencies and enable researchers , satellites - and tourists - to go up at a fraction of the current cost.And she believes space travel can eventually play a role in world peace.\"We hope one day politicians could be taken up in space, and a space shuttle like this one we've built with Virgin is perfect for that. We could actually have peace summits and have conflict resolution in space.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978774", "title": "Kollywood wishes all Eid Mubarak", "text": "Kollywood celebs took to twitter to wish people on the occasion of Eid. And some even wanted to feast on biryaniHere's a look at some tweets: Taapsee pannu - @taapsee: Eid mubarak everyone! Now where's d biryani for the day.....Vikram Prabhu - @iamVikramPrabhu: Eid Mubarak friends! :-)Sivakarthikeyan - @Siva_Doss: Eid mubarak to all :-)Jiiva - @Actorjiiva: Eid Mubarak! to all Take -2 JRadikaa Sarathkumar - @realradikaa: Eid Mubarak to all", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973790", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation unprepared to tackle disease: Corporators", "text": "PUNE: The ruling parties as well as the opposition expressed anguish over the civic administration's apathy and unpreparedness to tackle the spread of dengue in the city during the General Body (GB) meeting of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Thursday.Subhash Jagtap, Nationalist Congress Party corporator and leader of the House in PMC, said, \"It is unfortunate that elected representatives have to draw the civic administration's attention to the issue. The civic health department should have apprised the House on the spread of dengue fever. It seems that they are not bothered about the situation.\" Jagtap told the civic administration to table a report on dengue in the GB meeting next week.Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporator and leader of the opposition in the PMC Vasant More as well as other MNS corporators said that though the PMC has launched a clean city campaign in the name of the late chief minister Yashwantrao Chavan, the city is a breeding ground for mosquitoes.Corporators alleged that the PMC staff is not cleaning stagnated water and filth in localities despite repeated requests. Independent corporator Ashwini Kadam said, \"The PMC departments pass the buck when urged to clean localities. The civic staff argues with citizens and even with elected representatives over the issue. What is the use of a Clean Pune Campaign when the city is so dirty?\"Republican Party of India (Athavale faction) corporator Siddharth Dhende said the PMC health department is not prepared to handle the cases. The PMC should draft a contingency plan to tackle the spread of dengue fever , he added.Corporators alleged that the PMC health department staff was not recording the correct number of dengue patients. \"The civic staff is recording wrong information. In many places, the PMC health staff has refused to acknowledge dengue cases,\" alleged corporators.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said the PMC has not goofed up with the number of dengue patients. \"Earlier, as per government orders, only the patients tested by NIV were counted and hence, the numbers on paper were less. However, ever since the civic staff started collating data from private hospitals, the recorded number of dengue cases has increased,\" said Pathak.Corporators questioned the PMC's fogging initiative and said the civic administration should make it clear if fogging was an effective way to tackle breeding of mosquitoes.\"It is a fact that fogging is ineffective. It is useful only in restricted areas. The technique is also opposed by the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board since it creates pollution. Also, immunity of mosquitoes has grown, so fogging is not the way to tackle breeding of mosquitoes,\" said additional municipal commissioner Naresh Zurmure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16980534", "title": "Arnie set to return as Conan the Barbarian", "text": "Arnold Schwarzenegger is set to reprise one of his most famous roles - Conan the Barbarian, for a forthcoming sequel.The 65-year-old actor will play the sword-swinging hero in ' The Legend of Conan ,' 30 years after the film launched the Austrian bodybuilder as a Hollywood superstar.\"I always loved the Conan character, and I'm honoured to be asked to step into the role once again,\" the Telegraph quoted him as saying in a statement.The original films, 1982's ' Conan the Barbarian ' and 1984's ' Conan The Destroyer ,' together grossed more than 70 million dollars at US box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16975878", "title": "Man held for year-old rape case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A year after an incident of gang rape in Sanand, Ahmedabad (rural) police have nabbed a sixth accused in the case - Ramu Vedva alias Renu, 50, a native of Wankaner. This arrest is an off-shoot of police investigation into the recent Viramgam gang rape case.Ahmedabad rural LCB officials said Ramu used to work in his son-in-law's gang. \"Their relationship didn't get in their criminal activities. They've carried out several robberies and gang rapes together with other members of the Vedva gang,\" said a senior Ahmedabad (rural) police official.Ramu was tracked down after five members of the Vedva gang were recently arrested in connection with a similar robbery and gang rape case. A group of labourers staying close to a Narmada canal construction site in Viramgam were attacked, looted and then four of their women were gang raped by the gang. \"Ramu revealed that he was initiated into the Vedva gang by his one-time son-in-law Keshu Vedva alias Yehu, 55. Ten years back, Ramu and Yehu lived in adjoining tents near Rajkot. Yehu had camels for transport, whereas Ramu used to sell brooms in the city. At that time, Yehu, who had lost his wife and was left to fend for his three kids, took a liking for Ramu's 17-year-old daughter who was already married then,\" said an LCB official.However, the two fell in love, eloped and got married. However, a truce was later struck by the community leaders and Yehu was fined Rs 15,000 for his act and the girl was asked to return to her husband. As truce was struck by panchayat, there was no bad blood between the two and Yehu took Ramu and his sons into his gang.\"It was not only the uncles and nephews act in robberies and gang rapes together but also in-laws who raided the labourers' huts, robbed their valuables and raped their women. Search for Ramu's sons, who were involved in Chekhla incident, is on,\" said the official. The group is responsible for 37 robberies and 20 gang rapes in 15 years, many of which have not been reported with police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "vikas nagar", "code": "16976084", "title": "\u2018Jains have set an example\u2019", "text": "VIKAS NAGAR: In India, where all blessings traditionally begin with \"Doodho nahao, pooton phalon\" (May you be blessed with sons), it is no surprise that the birth of a girl child is not really seen as an occasion to rejoice. A Ludhiana-based couple have set a unique example by welcoming newborn girls.Dr Vaneet Kaur, head of the department of gynecology at the hospital where Dr Shipra Jain and Rahul Jain have started the initiative is all praise for the couple. \"Amid age-old prejudice against the girl child and worrisome sex ratio figures, Jains have set an example for others to follow. If every family starts following this then one day Ludhiana will be green and beautiful - both in appearance and spirit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16975347", "title": "Mysoreans to get Kabini water soon", "text": "MYSORE: Authorities have not walked the talk on Kabini drinking water project, which was due for launch on October 22 as a Dasara gift.District minister S A Ramdas had said that the Rs 109-crore project was to be implemented on a trial basis from October 17. He had also promised to supply the water to Mysoreans from October 22. The project, which was due for launch in early October, was delayed following Cauvery protests.Giving reasons for further delay, Karnataka Urban Water Supply &amp; Drainage Board (KUWS&DB;) junior executive engineer Subbegowda said: \"Muddy water flowing through taps in Mysore needs to be purified, and work is on in this regard. The project will be delayed till the work is over.\"When asked how long it will take for water to reach the residents, the JEE said they need a week's time to supply to people in south Mysore. \"Unless the system is completely operational, we cannot supply water, and our officials are keeping in view the health concerns,\" he added.The water will be supplied to residents in Kuvempunagar, Dattagali, Vijayanagar IV Stage, Jayaprakash Nagar, TK Layout, Sharadadevi Nagar, Ramakrishna Nagar, Srirampura and surrounding areas who are now largely dependent on borewell water.Mysore City Corporation commissioner M R Ravi said that water has reached Mysore on Vijayadashami day. It is held back for cleaning process.The water will be supplied in the existing infrastructure. Some 25,000 connections, which are getting either borewell water or Cauvery water, will soon get Kabini water.Kabini water project was taken up under JnNURM scheme. Of the estimated Rs 109 crore, Centre's share is 80%, while the state governement and MCC will each bear 10%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973818", "title": "46 dengue cases, one death in Pimpri-Chinchwad township areas this year", "text": "PUNE: As many as 46 people have tested positive for dengue, while one person has died of the disease, in the Pimpri-Chinchwad township this year.\"This month, 13 people have tested positive for the disease. Dengue patients have been detected from all parts of the city,\" said A D Jagdale said, PCMC medical officer of health.Advising citizens to take preventive steps, Jagdale said, \"Dengue spreads through mosquitoes that breed in freshwater. People should take adequate precautions while storing water. Scrap materials like coconut shells, plastic bottles, old utensils should not be kept on the terraces, as rainwater accumulates in them, which enables mosquito breeding.\"He said people must not leave water for long periods in drums, refrigerator trays and flowerpots. Citizens should observe a dry day once a week, when water from all containers in the house is discarded to prevent breeding of mosquitoes.Several members of the standing committee on Thursday asked the civic administration to take preventive measures against dengue. Standing committee chairman Jagdish Shetty said the health department has been directed to conduct a campaign to create awareness among citizens about steps needed to prevent the spread of the disease.He said the department has been directed to distribute pamphlets, install hoardings and to advertise in newspapers. The department has also been directed to conduct fogging in different parts of the city to prevent the spread of mosquito-borne diseases like dengue and malaria. tnnCorporators have demanded that fogging should be conducted in areas where dengue cases have been found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16974123", "title": "Why Felipe Massa can afford a big smile", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Felipe Massa doesn't have the reputation of being a gregarious character. 'Inexpressive' is how most people would describe him. So it was a pleasant surprise to catch him in a chatty mood on Friday, and he even cracked a few jokes! Maybe the change in demeanour has something to do with his podium finish at the Japanese Grand Prix. Or even with the fact that Ferrari have decided to retain him for the next season. Whatever the reason, Massa is in a good mood and enjoying himself.\"Results are what we are working for, no?\" Massa asked. \"When we have a good race, we feel better, feel happy, it automatically feels more natural. And you know, knowing where you stand always helps. I don't think anyone likes wondering 'Is this my last race? Where I'm going to be next year? What am I going to do?' I'm happy to carry on in Ferrari,\" said the driver, who has been racing with them for seven years and has seen three partners through that period.Though Massa hasn't been able to extract the same level of performance from the car that Fernando Alonso has managed, he feels confident about where the car and team now stand: Massa has collected more points in the previous two races than he did in the entire first half of the season.\"We've had a good second part of the season. The first half of the season was disastrous. We've been heading in the right direction in the past few races and hopefully have a good package for next year,\" he answered.Stepping aside for your teammate is part of the ethos at Ferrari. Even at the Korean Grand Prix, Rob Smedley, Massa's engineer, radioed him to step off the pace since he was too close to Alonso. But Massa, confident in his new-found pace and of his immediate future at Ferrari, doesn't see being a \"team player\" as a bad thing.\"Alonso isn't leading any more but he still has a good chance of winning. The team is trying everything to help him. Hopefully he will win the championship for the team,\" he said.In India, Massa is looking forward to doing better than he did last year, when he continued his run-ins with Lewis Hamilton on the track and complained about the sausage kerbs here at the Buddh International Circuit. The kerb has now been toned down and renamed the Massa kerb - a joke he's willing to endure.\"It's not really a nice dedication but I hope after the race it will be a good dedication with a good result. Anyway, I like the track. It has a nice layout. I had some problems in the race with Hamilton but I was competitive. And I hope I can be very quick over my kerb,\" he added, to laughter.Adding to his memories of India will be the trip to Taj Mahal , which he managed to sneak in on Wednesday morning. A quick helicopter ride had him in Agra in no time and allowed the Ferrari driver to spend a few hours learning the history of the monument of love.\"It's incredible, very beautiful. We got a guided tour and learnt about the history. The helicopter ride was a nice touch. Cool to get an aerial view of India. Nice,\" he replied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16976167", "title": "Vadra land deal: Khemka defends his 'motive'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Asked about his \"motive\" behind ordering a probe into Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra's land deals in Haryana, whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka on Friday retaliated by saying, \"It's like asking the motive of an SHO who sees a rape and files an FIR in a place where hundreds of rapes go uninvestigated or unaccounted.\"Khemka's reaction came when he was answering questions from mediapersons, a day after four deputy commissioners of Gurgaon, Faridabad, Palwal and Mewat claimed that there were no anomalies in the land deals of Vadra in Haryana during the past seven years.The DCs had submitted their reports to the government recently, after they checked the revenue records of 200 acres of land belonging to Vadra and his companies. On October 12, Khemka had asked the DCs to inspect all documents registered from 2005 on behalf of Vadra or his companies.When asked what prompted him to investigate the Vadra deal, Khemka said, \"Your question is like asking an SHO who sees a rape and registers an FIR... and there have been hundreds of rapes which go uninvestigated or unaccounted....and you ask the SHO what motivated him to register an FIR in this rape.\"\"You are obfuscating the attention of public by asking these motivated questions. If you want to know the 'motivation aspect', you can request the government to seek the motivation aspect of it,\" he added. \"What did the order do? I ordered only an inquiry (to probe Vadra's land deals),\" said the 1991 batch IAS officer.On DCs' reports, Khemka said, \"I am not privy to these reports as I had left the office as director general of land consolidation on October 15\".Khemka was transferred from land consolidation department to Haryana Seed Development Corporation immediately after he initiated a probe into the land deals of Vadra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974346", "title": "J Jayalalithaa promises to ease power outages in state by November-end", "text": "CHENNAI: In the wake of growing disquiet due to the long hours of power outages, TN chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Friday sought to assuage public sentiments by promising to ease load-shedding by November-end.In a televised speech on the power situation, she said some ongoing projects would start generation in November, which would help the government reduce the power deficit from the present 4,000MW. Through more capacity addition, the deficit would be completely overcome by 2013-end, she said.Three major projects were expected to be commissioned in the next few weeks. The Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant will supply 462MW from its first unit, which will attain final criticality next month. Similarly, the 500MW Vallur unit and the 600MW Mettur unit are expected to be ready soon. More plants, including the second unit at Kudankulam, are expected to be ready next year.While Chennai faces two hours of power cuts daily, in the rest of TN, it ranges from eight to 12 hours. Jayalalithaa blamed the previous DMK government and the UPA government at the Centre for the same. Even though TN had signed an agreement to purchase 500MW from Gujarat, owing to congestion in the transmission corridor only 235MW could be bought, she noted. Similarly, efforts to purchase 1,100MW from other states were also jeopardized. Finally, what TN got was only 85MW, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16975059", "title": "Two lanes of Greater Noida-national highway 24 link road opened", "text": "NOIDA: Offering relief to commuters going from Greater Noida towards Ghaziabad and Meerut, the Greater Noida Authority and Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) opened two of the six lanes of the 22km-long and 130m-wide link road between Holland Factory in Greater Noida and NH-24 to traffic from Friday morning. The link road aims to provide signal-free traffic movement between Greater Noida's Sector Zeta and Vijay Nagar in Ghaziabad. It is slated to reduce travel time between the two cities to just 20 minutes.GDA vice chairman, Santosh Yadav, said work on the remaining lanes is scheduled to be completed soon and while another two lanes of the link road are likely to be opened to traffic in a week's time, the remaining two service lanes will be completed by mid-November.The link road begins at Holland tractor factory and passes through Devla, Khodna, Khurd, Khairpur Gurjar, Etaida and Haibatpur before meeting NH-24 near the Vijay Nagar bypass in Ghaziabad. This link road will eventually be extended from NH-24 to the Meerut highway.The authorities had resumed work on the much delayed link road earlier this month after GDA completed the process of relocating the farmers, who had their abadi land on the site for the link road, to the alternate location provided by the Greater Noida Authority in Chipiyana village.The Greater Noida Authority had allotted a total of 7.71 acre land to GDA in July this year for rehabilitating those whose land was acquired for making way for the link road. According to Greater Noida Authority CEO Rama Raman, while the construction work on most of the 22km stretch of the link road was completed nine years ago, construction of around 1.5km has remained stuck until now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16976265", "title": "UP signs optical fibre network agreement with Centre &amp; BNSL", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government entered into a tripartite agreement with the Centre and state-owned telecom company Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited for setting up of an optical fibre network in the state on Friday.Part of the National Optical Fibre Network ( NOFN) project, the scheme is aimed at providing broadband connection to 2,50,000 gram panchayats across the country. The Prime Minister Office (PMO) had in July decided to set up a coordination committee to ensure smooth implementation of the project.State revenue minister, Ambika Chaudhary signed the agreement on behalf of UP government. Chaudhary said that the present state government has put in place an IT Policy that aims to bring in better internet services to the rural areas. He said that the state government is also working to set up six e-districts - Ghaziabad, GB Nagar, Sultanpur, Sitapur, Gorakhpur and Rae Bareli, where 22 public related services will be provided online.The revenue minister also highlighted Samajwadi Party election manifesto of providing laptops and tablets to the students passing out of high school and intermediate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16974955", "title": "Importance of vastu consultant underscored", "text": "BHOPAL: Lack of awareness among general masses has restrained them from taking the real benefits of the vastu science. With these words concluded the first day of the 4th International Vastu Panorama which began in the city on Friday. Institute of Vedic Vastu and Research and Foundation (IVVRF) has organized the three-day seminar on the theme 'Vastu dynamics for global well-being.'Organizing secretary, renowned vastu expert, Dr Pankaj Agrawal said people should consult about vastu science only from real and genuine vastu consultant.\"There are several vastu consultants in the market. People would take real benefits when they consult from people having the right knowledge about the discipline,\" Dr Agrawal said. He emphasized on the need of proper coordination among the vastu consultants.Addressing the gathering in the first technical session based on the theme 'Human health and behaviour is an outcome of living environment', Christopher J Bell from USA shed lights on Building Biology.He said, \"The construction material for constructing any building should be from the area where building is to be constructed. This will keep the people living in that particular building healthy and wealthy.\"The second technical session was based on the theme 'application of instruments in the measurement of various energies related to earth, buildings, environment and human beings'. Architect Reena Agrawal in her address discussed the complementary role of home environment and human beings.Founder president, Zoroastrian College, Mumbai, Dr Meher Master Moos and other experts also presented their views on the occasion. Around 300 delegates from India and other countries will be participating in the event.Besides, 200 students from engineering and architecture discipline are participating in the seminar. Various eminent experts including Dr John Rogerson from UK will present technical paper on vastu science.From India, renowned experts including Manoj K Juyal, Col TP Tyagi and Dr Debashish K Roy among others will participate.An interactive session will be organized on the last day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16976537", "title": "Malala\u2019s fight brings a wave of hope in Pakistan", "text": "HYDERABAD: The plan was to silence one seemingly weak rebel and ensure victory, as had been the case several times in the past. The rebel was 14-year-old girl Malala Yousufzai. The issue at stake was education of girls. And the opponent, the powerful Taliban.Malala had dared to speak against the Taliban diktat that denied girls the right to education. Over the years Taliban has become a force that even the most powerful groups in Pakistan have come to fear.Pakistan of late has realized the danger of giving unstinted support to Taliban. Their influence is visible not only in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (formerly North Western Frontier Province) but also in Punjab and other parts of Pakistan. They have also gained a new name \u2014 Tahreek-e-Taliban Pakistan. Taliban in Afghanistan and Pakistan share the same extremist ideology that has no place for women in any sphere of life.Malala is an unlikely Pakistani girl from Swat Valley where the fair sex has learnt to prefer silence over voicing concern about the prevailing restrictions. Speaking out entailed a high price, like in the case of Malala who was shot at on October 9. Some five years ago, Malala began to voice her concern against the restrictions put on education of girls. She took one more step and wrote a blog on the BCC when she was only 11 years old. She admitted she was scared of the Taliban edict.Though she received threats, her efforts were recognized and she was honoured by government and non-governmental organizations. Her rising popularity made Taliban jittery and one of their factions decided to silence her voice permanently. She has, as fate would have had it, survived and the surgeons at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham, UK, have succeeded in pulling out a bullet from her head. It is not known how well her recovery would be.Even as she was receiving medical care in Pakistan and later in Britain, her plight unleashed an avalanche of protests across Pakistan and other countries. The Pakistanis who so far had not dared to speak against religious fanaticism and terrorism, came out on the streets. Malala who has come to symbolize the fight against injustices done to women is now being called the Daughter of the Nation.Taliban did not expect this tsunami of anger, neither did any political pundit or social scientist. The women said they wanted their basic rights and the men supported them. Voices from Pakistan point out that though there are attempts to make Pakistan a theocratic state, it would continue to grow on the universally shared values of equal rights for all, irrespective of their faith, creed, caste and gender.Pakistan, they say, is one of the four countries in South Asia which has produced a woman prime minister. There are other women in the country who have excelled in politics, administration, law, media, art, music, academics and human rights etc.The government of Pakistan should act swiftly to retrieve the ground it has lost to the extremists. It has, for the first time, the support of all sections of society against extremist forces. What is required now is the will to initiate firm measures against fanaticism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16980024", "title": "Discrimination keeps dalits away from gainful employment, says CSEIP study", "text": "MANGALORE: Only 2.9% of dalit families surveyed by the Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy (CSEIP), Mangalore University in the state as part of a three-year sponsored research programme by ICSSR are categorized as APL families. Families without any ration cards are found around 4.1%. Households that come under below poverty line are around 93% and the percentage of households having BPL cards is 76.9.Other Antyodaya card holders are 15.5% and Annapoorna card holders are 0.5%. All these card holders are classified as poor families and accordingly the different types of BPL cards are given to these families. These are the findings revealed in the study titled 'Discrimination and Social Exclusion: A Study on the Development experience of Dalits in Karnataka', executive summary of which was released at a national seminar here recently.Major source of income to dalit families is labour wage, mainly agriculture labour. Around 48% of income is from agricultural wage. Percentage of income from government salary source is 24.59%, and private sector contributing 7.18%. Other contribution is from self-employment 6.09%, agriculture10.97% and livestock 2.66%. If income of government and private sector employees is excluded, the scenario is entirely different.Nearly 70.38% of the income to rural dalit families in the state is mainly from agricultural wage and 16.08% of income is from agriculture or cultivation. The source of income from self-employment is only 8.93 percent. The access to employment and income to dalits is very much limited and caste discrimination prevents them access or restricts/prohibits them to enter other sectors of employment and income generation.This shows that the caste discrimination is mainly responsible for strengthening the process of social exclusion of dalits in the rural Karnataka. Only 5.8% of the rural dalit households have government employees and in around 7.7% families have employees working in private sector. The reservation in government jobs for dalits is a constitutional provision but its access is also limited in case of rural dalits in the state, the study observes.The families who have got and not got at least one government/private employee in their families is classified as households with and without government/private employee and average per capita is separately calculated for them. The families with land and without land also calculated. The per capita income of such families is only current income not adjusted with price movement or rate of inflation and it refers particular year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16976550", "title": "Death on road, blockade on railway track", "text": "PATNA: Trains' movement remained paralysed for about two-and-a-half hours on Friday near Sachivalaya halt under the Danapur division of East Central Railway (ECR), causing inconvenience to passengers, particularly those travelling by long-distance trains.According to Danapur DRM L M Jha, an irate mob led by RJD MP Ram Kripal Yadav rushed to Sachivalaya halt around 2pm and squatted on railway tracks to protest the death of a youth in road accident. The agitated people disrupted train movement to press their demand for compensation to the deceased's family. The blockade on tracks was lifted around 4.30pm following the intervention of railway and local administration, the DRM said.Expressing his anguish over unnecessary detention of trains, Jha said about 10 long-distance trains were delayed due to the agitation. The death of the youth was not in any way related to the railways, he said. Yet people targeted railways for no valid reason, the DRM said and sought people's cooperation for smooth running of trains under the division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16976313", "title": "Honorarium hike fails to satisfy para-teachers", "text": "RANCHI: The government's attempt to end the indefinite strike of para-teachers by increasing their honorarium of Rs 700 has failed to yield any result as 85,000-odd protesters decided to continue with their agitation for regularization of jobs.The para teachers are on indefinite strike since the last week of August, demanding regularization and formation of service rule. The strike has badly affected studies in around 40,000 government schools.State cabinet secretary N N Pandey on Friday said a proposal of the state human resources development department to increase the honorarium of the para teachers was accepted by the council of ministers. The proposal was based on the recommendation of a high powered three-member committee headed by state's development commissioner Debasish Gupta. The cabinet had decided to increase the honorarium of para teachers for both primary and upper primary classes.The state has decided to increase the honorarium of the para teachers and also introduced a new scale for teachers who clear teacher eligibility test (TET) in both primary and upper primary classes.\"Now a para teacher who has passed TET and is also trained and teaches in Class VI and above will get an honorarium of Rs 7,000 per month. A non-TET but trained para teacher will get Rs 6,700 per month. A non- trained teacher will get Rs 6,200 per month,\" said Pandey.In case of teachers of Classes I-V, the honorarium for TET-cleared and trained teachers will be Rs 6,500. For the non-TET ones, the honorarium will be Rs 6,200. Those who are non-trained, will get Rs 5,700.However, the para teachers are not happy with the government's decision. \"Effectively, the government has increased Rs 700 per month. The introduction of a new scale is also just a ploy because even after qualifying the TET, one will get Rs 300 more than a normal para teacher,\" said a member of the executive committee of the Para Teachers' Association.The state government has also decided to increase the retirement age of teachers in universities and colleges of the state. \"The cabinet approved the proposal to increase retirement age from 62 to 65 years,\" said Pandey.At least 5,000 teachers in universities and colleges of the state are going to benefit from the decision of the cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16973900", "title": "Fest brings to fore young scientists", "text": "A national level science fest, 'Khoj', organized by the DAV group of educational institutions was held at DAV Public School, New Panvel. Students from across the country participated in the fest aimed at scientific research and experimentation. A dedicated branch, the DAV Centre for Creative Education (DAVCCE), worked for this venture which saw participation from around 70 schools from across the country.The theme for the fest this year was 'Energy Conservation: Save Energy, Save Life'. Dr K B Kushal, regional director said, \" 'Khoj' aims at providing a platform to explore effective ways of making projects. It is also aimed at reinforcing creativity, adventure and new challenges and to enhance scientific temperament through sharing of thoughts and values.\"The fest focused on the issues and challenges related to conservation of energy through projects, displays, symposium, talks and competitions. Some of the innovative projects were related to underwater energy sources, clean alternative transportation option and sustainable land use pattern among others.\"The idea of organizing such a big congregation is to encourage collaborative learning. Students can fructify what they have learnt in the festival beyond classroom teaching,\" added Dr Kushal.Budding scientists from the host school put up an educational project on ISRO ( Indian Space Research Organization), exhibiting every aspect of the organization.From the team, Akhilesh Jakhete of class XI said, \"This was the best platform to explore and showcase innovative ideas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16976400", "title": "TCS &amp; Infosys may sign lease deed with state", "text": "INDORE: Sops galore have been extended by the state government to both the information technology (IT) majors like TCS &amp; Infosys when they sign the lease deed with the former here during the second day of the Global Investors' Summit (GIS) here on October 29. The event is being held by Madhya Pradesh government in partnership with CII.Some of the incentives being given to the IT firms include making land available at a cost 25% cheaper than that of the one which was currently prevailing in the market, relaxation in Floor Area Ratio (FAR), exemption from local taxes, liberalised labour laws. Moreover, both the firms will be allowed to have their women employees working in the night shift too. Besides, the duration of lease has also been increased to 99 years, as against the earlier existing mark of 33 years, on the demand of the IT companies.Briefing the media here on the eve of the event, state information technology and industry minister, Kailash Vijaywargiya, said, \"We have relaxed the norms for the IT companies setting up their base in the state as per their demand. While TCS has confirmed to sign the lease deed during the GIS on October 29, I have asked the Infosys officials too to sign it on that very occasion itself.\"Commenting on the permission given to women employees of IT companies to work during night shift, Vijaywargiya said that the onus for picking up and dropping the women staff safely to their homes will lie with the employers.Reasoning why the entire inaugural day was devoted to the MSME sector, Vijaywargiya said, \"There are 4.7 lakh MSMEs in the state as of now, giving employment to 12 lakh people. Also, there is a total investment amounting to Rs 4 lakh crore in the sector within the state.Talking about preparations of GIS, he said that all the arrangements have already been put in place. Commenting on a lighter vein, he said, MP was running on the runway for past seven years. However, now the time has come for the take-off.Though new textile policy was already out, we are thinking of amending it further keeping in line with the industry demand, he said.Some of the educational institutions that are likely to set up their base in the state include Narsee Munje, Symbiosis and Vellore Institute of Technology. Film producers like Vasu Bhagnani and KC Bokaria have also evinced their interest of investing in film studios in the state, he informed.The state government has conducted survey of all the districts in the state to know facts like quality of soil, forest, water resources and how these resources could be used further so as to ensure development of the entire state, he said.Giving details about the two GIS held in the state in past, he said that 35% of the MoUs that had been signed in the past have already become operational. Again, 30% of the MoUs were in the pipeline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "centurion", "code": "16970682", "title": "SS vs TTN: Sydney Sixers beat Titans to enter Champions League Twenty20 final", "text": "CENTURION: Sydney Sixers kept their cool to beat Nashua Titans by two wickets in a nerve-wracking second semifinal of the Champions League Twenty20 on Friday.Scorecard | Match in PicsNeeding eight runs from the final over to reach the target of 164, Sydney Sixers' Pat Cummins held his nerves to scamper home for a bye off the last delivery as the Big Bash Champions won the most thrilling match of an otherwise drab Twenty20 competition.Sydney will now take on Highveld Lions in the final to be played on Sunday.The match went onto the wire and all three results were possible but Sydney ultimately reaped dividends due to a good opening stand.The winners started the chase in right earnest as opener Steve O'Keefe hit off-spinner Eden Links for couple of boundaries. His partner Michael Lumb got two more in the second over from Ethy Mbhalati.A flurry of boundaries from the duo saw Sydney reach 50 in the fifth over but Lumb was dismissed by Alfonso Thomas after scoring 33 off 19 balls. He offered a skier to rival captain Martin van Jaarsveld. Lumb hit six fours and a big six off Thomas.O'Keefe however didn't let the momentum drop as Sydney maintained 10 per over run-rate. O'Keefe was finally bowled for 32 off 21 balls when he tried a wild slog of Links' delivery. He hit six fours.However O'Keefe dismissal brought about a collapse as skipper Brad Haddin and glovesman Nic Maddinson who scored a quick 20 were back in the dug-out. From 85 for one, Sydney team were reduced to 92 for four having lost three wickets in a space of 11 deliveries.Moises Henriques then again steadied the ship with a brisk 27 that had couple of huge sixes but once he was gone, Sydney were 132 for seven. But Cummins and Ben Rohrer ensured that the Australian team cross the finishing line.Earlier, David Wiese's brilliant counter-attacking innings helped Nashua Titans reach a commendable 163 for five against Sydney Sixers.The big-bodied Wiese came in when Titans were tottering at 82 for five and then carried out a swift yet brutal assault smashing an unbeaten 61 off only 28 balls.The pace trio of Mitchell Starc, Pat Cummins and Moises Henriques were left stunned by the Wiese carnage as he completed his 50 off 25 balls and hit five fours and four huge sixes. He changed his gears suddenly after playing 10 balls without a boundary. He hit the pull shots and straight over the long-on region with equal ease.Along with opener Henry Davids who carried his bat through with an impressive 59 not out in 44 balls (3x4, 3x6), they added 81 runs in only 6.3 overs.The last six overs produced a whopping 79 runs after the first 14 fetched them only 84 runs at the expense of five wickets.Aussie pace sensation Cummins bowling figures went for a toss as he gave away 51 runs in his four overs. Henriques and Starc gave away 36 and 33 runs respectively and this happened solely due to Wiese.Opting to bat, veteran batsman Jacques Rudolph slashed one hard from Josh Hazlewood but Michael Lumb stationed in the deep third man took a nice catch running to his left.Left-arm paceman Starc bowled a short one to Heino Kuhn who misread the length as he tried a pull shot but the ball clipped the off-bail.Skipper Martin van Jaarsveld couldn't check his drive as he lobbed a simple catch to Cummins at cover to give Starc his second wicket.At 36 for three, the home team was certainly in trouble but Davids took some calculated risks as he hit a few big hits during his 46-run fourth wicket partnership with Farhan Behardien to stage a recovery. Once Behardien and Roloef van der Merwe were out in quick succession, Sixers thought of wrapping it up quickly but Wiese had other ideas.Teams:Sydney Sixers: Brad Haddin (Capt. and wk), Pat Cummins, Josh Hazlewood, Moises Henriques, Michael Lumb, Nathan McCullum, Nic Maddinson, Steve O'Keefe, Ben Rohrer, Steven Smith, Mitchell Starc.Titans: Martin van Jaarsveld (Capt.), Farhaan Behardien, Henry Davids, Cornelius de Villiers, Heino Kuhn (wk), Eden Links, Ethy Mbhalati, Jacques Rudolph, Alfonso Thomas, Roelof van der Merwe, David Wiese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973528", "title": "BJP demands probe into preparation of new development plan", "text": "PUNE: Alleging monetary gains in the making of the new development plan for the old city areas, the Bharatiya Janata Party on Friday demanded cancellation of the DP and asked chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to order a probe in the matter or handover the case to the state CID.Speaking to media, MLAs Girish Bapat, Madhuri Misal and Bhimrao Tapkir said the state government should cancel the Development Plan and implement the Town Planning scheme.\"The DP is nothing, but financial loot. We have documents to prove that most part of the DP was prepared by commercial organizations having interest in land. Reservations earmarked for amenities in the DP were altered on the behest of builders and developers. The state government should scrap the DP and implement town planning scheme for integrated development of the city,\" said Girish Bapat.The City Improvement Committee of the Pune Municipal Corporation on Thursday approved the new DP, spanning 2007-2027. The DP is applicable to the old city area comprising 17 peths and surrounding areas spanning over 147.85 sq km. The DP proposes 921 reservations, covering 1,080.79 hectare for amenities like health, education, recreation, etc.\"Major reservations like metro parking and metro station have been vacated for residential constructions. There is no provision to protect a water body in Dhanori and a hill top in Bibvewadi has been converted into residential area. These are just a few examples. The CIC has approved the DP with 60 such suggestions and we are going to take up the issue with the chief minister,\" Bapat said. The BJP will 'take help' from Congress leaders who are unhappy with the DP, he added.Misal said, \"The entire DP is mired in corruption. It is nothing but an effort to handover the city to builders. Major reservation like the one in Erandwane was changed for specific builder. We strongly oppose the DP and demand its cancellation\".Tapkir said, \"The DP for old city allows construction on hill top and hill slope. However, the DP for the 23 merged villages bans any construction on hill top and hill slope. There should be one common development rule for the entire city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16976294", "title": "Ex-BSP minister under scanner", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former ministers under scanner are: Naseemuddin Siddiqui, Swami Prasad Maurya, Lakshmi Narayan, Sadal Prasad, Anees Ahmad, Nand Gopal Gupta, Babu Singh Kushwaha , Chandradeo Ram Yadav, Awadhpal Singh Yadav, Rangnath Mishra and Badshah Singh. Charges against them include kickbacks for allocating various projects to the cooperative federation. A few of them have ignored the SIB's notice. Kushwaha is in jail in connection with the NRHM scam.Among those who appeared for interrogation, former minister Badshah Singh, who is now in BJP, was arrested earlier this month by the SIB. Singh, on Friday, moved bail application before the sessions judge. The application will be heard on November 6. Also, on Friday, Chaudhary Lakshmi Narain was interrogated by the SIB. On Thursday, SIB had grilled former minister Sadal Prasad, who, sought at least four days' time to respond to the questions put up by the agency.Meanwhile, Sushil Katiyar, former chairperson and director of Laccfed, also prime accused in the scam, on Friday moved an application for surrender before additional chief judicial magistrate Ravi Kant. Katiyar was declared absconder by the court after he failed to appear despite several reminders and non-bailable warrant in connection with the case. However, the court has accepted the Katiyar's application and has given him time till October 29 to surrender.The scam came to the fore in February this year when a case alleging financial irregularities was lodged by the then Laccfed general manager (administration and finance), PN Singh Yadav. The then BSP government transferred the investigation to the cooperative cell of the UP Police but the case was put on the backburner. And, the actual probe started after SP came to power. Three officials have also been arrested by the SIB so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16976499", "title": "Vigilance week in Central Coalfields Limited", "text": "RANCHI: The Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) will observe vigilance awareness week from October 29 to November 3 in the company's headquarter and all mining areas.A spokesman for the company said many programmes were lined up during this week. The main theme of vigilance awareness week of the year is \"transparency in public procurement.\"The company is also going to organize an essay competition for school students on \"honest hearts produce honest actions\".On October 31, an interactive session on \"award of transportation and outsourcing contracts through e -tendering and reverse biddin\" will be conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16975619", "title": "Jaspal drives them to tears", "text": "CHANDIGARH: They couldn't stem their tears as they watched satirist Jaspal Bhatti living up to his act on the silver screen at a local cinema hall during the premiere of his last film \" Power Cut\" on Friday.The viewers \u2014 family, kin and friends of Bhatti \u2014 felt the agony of the void that the comedy king had left behind as they watched him enacting his intelligent jokes in his inimitable style. What followed was a spontaneous standing ovation.The premiere which was supposed to be on Thursday was cancelled due to Bhatti's sudden and untimely death in a road accident on Wednesday night. However, his son Jasraj, who was on a wheelchair, rescheduled it for Friday evening. Bhatti launched Jasraj in the movie.And this made all the more difficult for the son to watch the film without his father. During the premiere, Jasraj and his sister Raabiya wore the yellow T-shirt which Bhatti had designed for his film crew. The T-shirt had the tag line of the film 'Ki Karooga Jatt, Je Lag Jaye Power Cut', which was also coined by Bhatti.As soon as he appeared on the screen as a Marasi, riding the orange car especially modified for the film, Jasraj and others in the hall could not hold back their tears and the theatre resounded with thunderous clapping for the legend. Bhatti's wife Savita, daughter Raabiya and his sisters were inconsolable. His wife Savita ensured that the film hits the screen on Friday as \"this was what Jaspal would have wished\".\"On Wednesday, he called me to make a list of friends and relatives who would come for the premiere scheduled for Thursday evening. Ironically, his name was not on the list,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975719", "title": "Nikhilesh's letters and Coffee House adda", "text": "KOLKATA: Had Sunil been here this evening, he would have found the cut-outs rather funny. \"E abaar ki (what's all this?), he would have said in his typical drawl. And then he would shrug, 'E khuub barabari (this is too much)',\" elocutionist Jagannath Basu said, looking around Mohor Kunja, the venue of the \"In Memoriam\" organised for Sunil Gangopadhyay.The \"Swaran Sabha\", organised by 24 Ghanta, was reason enough for everyone to now realise that the most spirited man around them was no more. Or maybe, as Tagore would say, 'he is here all the more'. Still, Jagannath found it hard to believe that they were at this formal event in the name of the essentially \"informal Sunil.\"Kabir Suman had the audience in splits with slices of the famous Sunil sense of humour. \"We were at this event together - and had stolen our private, fag moments inside the loo. Sunil-da had this impish smile on his face,\" Suman pointed at the cut-outs. \"He asked me who my favourite literary character was. Was it Pagla Dashu (a Sukumar Roy character), he had asked. And then he said, 'With you, the Sukumarisation of Bengal politics has been completed'.\"The meet had started on a somber note as a larger-than-life Sunil appeared on the screen behind, singing a full-throated Tagore number. A hush descended on the crowd.Unable to look at the video, thespian Ashok Mukherjee sighed, \"It's an absurd existence without Sunil-da. The Kolkata skyline suddenly looks incomplete without Sunil-da.\"Mukherjee recalled the youthful days... \"We were being herded by Ajitesh Bandopadhyay. The Sunil-Shakti duo was already an established phenomenon. We found ourselves joining them and others (including poet Mohit Chattopadhyay) at the United Coffee House. We would head for our homes when the adda folded up around 11pm. Sunil-da and Co it would move on to a different venue ... their adda continued till the wee hours.\" Not a soul knew where this enlightened group went. Mukherjee wondered, \"Did Sunil-da go to Dik Shunnyo Pur (the directionless land), just as Neellohit did?\"It was as if, he had unwittingly hit upon a heart-rending truth. All those on the dais, backstage and among the audiences seemed to have launched an inward search, seeking the Sunil in them. \"There was a Sunil in every youth, and a Neera in every woman. Why, an entire generation took towards bohemianism after reading Atma Prakash where Sunil-da talks about Indira Gandhi's 'unkissed' lips,\" said talk theatre artiste Urmimala Basu.To the audience she read out one of Sunil's letters which was about him falling head over heels in love with a \"shy girl named Swati\". The letter instantly reminded one of the passionate Nikhilesh. But then, Urmimala would rather think of the lover, who had turned into a doting husband for Swati Ganguly. \"Not very long ago, someone had asked him about his lady love and he had said resignedly, 'I guess it's Swati. I'm too old (for escapades) now'.\"Her memories of Sunil? \"Years ago, at a book fair, the president of Sahitya Academy had praised Sunil-da's recitation of 'Nobin Kishore Tomake Dilam'. An aghast Sunil-da had retorted: 'Do you follow Bengali?' The man looked at me and said, 'I followed her expressions.' I happened to be comparing the show. It was the best complement I ever received.\"All of them had known Sunil in some way or the other. Those who knew him personally remembered how the poet-novelist loathed being asked \"kemon achho\" (how are you). \"I am fine, and will always be fine,\" Sunil had been saying for the last decade - to forget the illness that was slowly consuming him.Ask his associates what they missed about him most, this evening. \"We are missing his presence. He would play the perfect host during all social meets organised by him and Swati-di,\" said Urmimala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "16975357", "title": "Man sets wife on fire in Hassan village", "text": "HASSAN: A man set his wife on fire at Rajaghatta village in Hassan taluk on Thursday.The couple, Shankar and Komala, was married for 10 years. On Thursday, the couple had a fight and Komala threatened to go to police. In a fit of rage, Shankar set her on fire. She was rushed to the district government hospital immediately, but succumbed to the burns on Friday. Hassan rural police have registered a complaint against Shankar.Two killed: Manjunath, 25, a resident of Shabari Nagar in Bangalore, and Girish, 21, Nelagadana Halli, died when a car rammed their bike near Bachanahalli in Alur on Thursday. They were going to Dharmasthala when the accident took place. A complaint has been registered against the car driver in Alur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16975581", "title": "Teen girl hangs self in Bhatta Basti", "text": "JAIPUR: A 14-year-old girl committed suicide by hanging herself at her house in Sanjay Nagar's Bhatta Basti area on Thursday evening. Police said that the girl's parents were not home when she took the extreme step. The police did not recover any suicide note from the house and said that reasons behind the girl taking her life are being investigated.According to the police, the girl, identified as Shabnam, had dropped out of school a few years ago. \"Her father Nazimuddin runs a meat shop. He was at his shop while her mother had gone to market. When she returned she found Shabnam hanging from the ceiling of a room. The girl had used stole to hang herself,\" said a police officer.The officer said that the parents rushed her to Kanwatia Hospital in Shastri Nagar where she was declared brought dead.\"We are yet to record the statement of family members as they are in a state of shock. We handed over the body to them after postmortem on Friday,\" said the officer. He added that an investigation has been launched into the suicide.Meanwhile, a 36-year-old married sustained severe burns in an attempt to commit suicide by setting herself ablaze at the Kacholia Road area in Chomu.A police officer said that the woman, Rani Pareek, poured kerosene on her body in front of her house on Thursday evening. The neighbours somehow managed to douse the fire and rushed her to a local hospital from where she has been referred to SMS Hospital in Jaipur.\"Her in-laws say that she has been suffering from some mental illness for some time. Investigation is on,\" said the officer.Jaipur: A 14-year old girl committed suicide by hanging herself at her house in Sanjay Nagar Bhatta Basti area on Thursday evening. Police said that the girl's parents were not home when she took the extreme step. The police did not recover a suicide note from the house and said that reasons behind the girl taking her life are being investigated.According to the police, the girl, identified as Shabnam, had dropped out of school a few years ago. \"Her father Nazimuddin runs a meat shop. He was at his shop while her mother had gone to market for shopping. When she returned she found Shabnam handing from the ceiling of a room in the house. The girl had used stole,\" said a police officer.The officer said that the parents rushed her to Kanwatia Hospital in Shashtri Nagar where she was declared brought dead by the doctors.\"We are yet to record the statement of family members as they are in a state of shock. We handed over the body to them after postmortem on Friday,\" said the officer. He added that an investigation has been launched into the suicide.Meanwhile, a 36-year old married sustained severe burns in her attempt to commit suicide by setting herself ablaze at Kacholia Road area in Chomu.A police officer said that the woman, Rani Pareek, poured kerosene on her body in front of her house on Thursday evening. The neighbours somehow managed to douse the fire and rushed her to a local hospital from where she has been referred to SMS Hospital in Jaipur.\"Her in-laws says that she has been suffering from some mental illness for some time. Investigation is on,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "calanguate", "code": "16974166", "title": "Calangute resident hit by bus, dies", "text": "CALANGUATE: A resident of Calangute who was walking along the Calangute-Saligao road died when he was knocked down by a speeding bus proceeding towards Calangute early Thursday morning.Govind Shirodkar, a resident of Gaurawaddo, Calangute, was walking on the side of the road near the Reira petrol pump in Naikawaddo, Calangute, when he was knocked down by a speeding tourist bus being driven by Santan Fernandes, a resident of Corlim, Tiswadi taluka.Shirodkar later succumbed to his injuries while being taken to a hospital. The driver was arrested under Section 279, Section 304-A of the IPC, and later released.The Calangute police have attached the tourist bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "16975329", "title": "Temple mantap winners announced", "text": "MADIKERI: Manikanta Mahime Mantap of the Shri Kanchi Kamakshi temple bagged the first place in the Madikeri Dasara festival.This was announced by the Madikeri Dasara Janothsava Committee here on Thursday. The other prize winners are mantap depicting the killing of Darigasura by Saptha Mathrikas of Sri Chowdeshwari temple (2nd prize) and Ganapathi becoming Gajamukha by Shri Kote Mahaganapthi temple (3rd prize). All the mantaps took part in the Shobha Yatra held from Wednesday night to Thursday morning.A large number of people had gathered to watch the procession. There was also a stampede in which a person was injured. Police were also forced to resort to mild lathi charge to disburse the crowd.Presiding over the Dasara function, Kodagu district in-charge minister M P Appachu Ranjan said he had instructed the district administration to stop the implementation of high tension electric line project work in south Kodagu which would affect the ecology. On cloud seeding in Kodagu, he said that he had spoken with to the ministry concerned not to conduct cloud seeding in Kodagu as it would affect the whole plantation area.He also announced that for the construction of a swimming pool in Madikeri, for providing turfs in Somwarpet and Kudige, and also an indoor stadium in Madikeri, a special grant of Rs13 crore has been released by the government. State film academy president Tara took part in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975722", "title": "Now, dial helpline number if denied admission to hospital", "text": "KOLKATA: What should one do if somebody in his family falls ill at night? How does he know which hospital has beds available? And, where should he rush if there is an acute need of blood? These are some common questions that do rounds among the patients' kin during the hours of crisis.There will soon be help at hand with the state government launching a 24x7 health helpline that will be run by NGOs. The helpline will also seek to redress grievances like harassment by government hospital staffers and refusal by doctors. Aggrieved patients and their relatives can also lodge telephonic complaints against doctors and staffers in hospitals by dialling the toll-free number of the helpline.The helpline will record complaints on refusal of admission, besides those about unavailability of trolleys and common medicines. Moreover, complaints on unavailability of doctors in emergency wards and outpatient departments and nurses on night shifts can also be registered. Those facing hurdles in admitting patients injured in an accident can also approach this number.Minister of state for health Chandrima Bhattacharya said worried relatives can even call her after midnight, if they face hardships during admissions. \"When people are helpless at midnight and do not know where to go for health care, there is a need for a support system. I attend to all the calls myself and try to guide them in my capacity. But all may people cannot call me.But some people hesitate to call me at night thinking that it might bother me. That's why we have decided to run this helpline, so that patients get the best services. One can dial this number and get information about availability of beds and where to go for blood.\"According to her, the helpline will facilitate better patient management, particularly emergency cases, and also help improve liaison between patients' relatives and health officials.When fully operational, the 24x7 helpline will cover all hospitals in the state. But initially, it will cover the medical colleges and then district hospitals. The helpline support will be managed by experienced tele-callers as they will be trained to handle queries from patients' relatives. The tele-callers can also register complaints. There will be a provision for lodging complaints through SMSs and the internet.Operators on the help desk will be trained to handle complaints in a suave manner and contact higher ups in the health department and swiftly get back to the complainant to provide necessary support. The helpdesk will be recording all complaints and queries on a software. So, the complainants can check the status of their complaints on the health department's website as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975812", "title": "Gangwar erupts in Topsia, 4 injured", "text": "KOLKATA: Tiljala turned into an open combat zone late on Thursday night with a group of goons hurling bombs and firing indiscriminately at the rival gang's hideout. The opponents launched a counter-attack on Friday morning after escaping the midnight raid. Three persons were shot at and another was hacked in full public view. All four are undergoing treatment in a city hospital.Locals informed the police immediately after the midnight attack and requested for a picket, but the cops inspected the area and left the spot unguarded. Even on Friday, police reached the spot only after the goons carried out an hour-long assault and walked away unchallenged.Residents of Topsia Second Lane - commonly known as Mollapara - said that around 10.30am on Friday, nearly a dozen armed miscreants landed there and started looking for members of their rival gang. They then dragged their rivals to the open road. Four of them were caught by the gang while others managed to escape. Three were shot on their legs and the other was hacked. After an hour-long operation, the armed gang finally left threatening rivals with dire consequences. It is learnt the attack was a fallout of a rivalry between two gangs for domination over illegal construction business and supply syndicates.The injured four were later identified as Seikh Sabbir Ali, Iftikar Ahmed, Mohammad Kalim and Mohammad Asif . They are now undergoing treatment at Chittaranjan National Medical College and Hospital. All four criminals are reportedly aides of Manowar Ali, who's said to be close to local satta don Lyangra Sayeed.According to locals, the miscreants were led by two gangsters - Lalbabu and Aamir - on Friday morning. Sources claimed that Sayeed shares a strained relationship with Lalbabu and Aamir over area domination for the last one and a half years. Sources also confirmed that both rival groups are loyal to the ruling party. Also, the son of an influential leader of the ruling party allegedly shares close links with Lalbabu and Aamir.Miffed over their old rivalry, Manowar and his gang allegedly raided Lalbabu's hideout late on Thursday. There they opened fire and hurled bombs, but Lalbabu's men managed to escape without any major injuries.Soon after the late-night raid, locals were apprehending a backlash and informed police. \"We even asked for a police picket but cops refused. Police just inspected the area and left,\" complained Mohammad Sarif Ali, a local resident.Expectedly, Lalbabu and his men barged into their rival gang's hideout on Friday morning and fired indiscriminately. Police said Sabbir, Iftikar and Kalim sustained bullet injuries on their legs while Asif was hacked. \"None has been arrested in connection with the attack,\" said an investigator, who confirmed that an FIR has been registered. On Friday afternoon, a team from Kolkata Police's anti-rowdy squad inspected the spot.Locals alleged that in past few months, a vast stretch of east Kolkata - Tiljala, Topsia, portion of Beniapukur and Karaya - has turned into a safe haven of the anti-socials. \"Every day gangsters fighting on open streets. Openly they are roaming with guns and created mastaan raaj,\" said Mohammad Halim at Karaya area. Police sources alleged that all these criminals are enjoying political patronage, what deterring cops to curb down the menace.Rivalry between two gangs for domination over illegal construction business and supply syndicates at Tiljala turned gory late on Thursday. The gang war in broad day light left four anti-socials injured creating panic among the common people.Locals at Topsia Second Lane commonly known as Mollapara said that around 10.30am on Friday, nearly a dozen armed miscreants landed at Mollahpara. They were looking for the members of their rival gang and in broad day light they walked through the busy lane by lanes of the area brandishing fire arms and other lethal weapons.Like Hindi movie, the armed men dragged out their rivals on open road in front of scared dwellers. Some of them ran for life. Four of them were caught by the armed gang. Three were shot at, another was hacked. Finally after an hour long 'operation' the armed gang left threatening rivals with dire consequences. Despite continuing an hour long operation, police from Tiljala police station could not reach. They arrived only after the gangsters left the spot.Locals claimed that the miscreants were led by two local gangsters - Lal Babu and Aamir. The injured four were identified as Seikh Sabbir Ali, Iftikar Ahmed, Mohammad Kalim and Mohammad Asif. These four are also known criminals in the area. In underworld, these four are known as close aide of Manowar Ali, close to local Satta don Lyangra Sayeed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16975525", "title": "Corp's special plan for street vendors hits a roadblock", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The funds, the beneficiaries and even the infrastructure are ready. Still, the corporation might be forced to bury one of its key projects -- the rehabilitation programme for street vendors. The project is being withheld because of an almost impossible demand from the councillors.A week ago, the ruling council was all set to announce the launch of the scheme on a pilot basis when the councillors from all the 100 wards demanded that it should be launched simultaneously in all the wards. Resultantly, the item was removed from the agenda of the previous two corporation council meetings to avoid a fracas during the meetings.Now, the obstinate demand of the councillors has left the corporation officials bemused. \"This is weird for any project. Everything regarding the scheme is ready and all of a sudden they are coming up with such an unreasonable demand. Any project has to be introduced on a pilot basis before extending it to other areas,\" an official associated with the project said.The delay in the implementation of the project would spell doom for the project. The project cost would go up and the process of finding the beneficiaries would have to begin from the scratch. As per the scheme, the corporation would develop separate hawking zones in the city where vendors will conduct business using specially made carts. The proposal, being implemented under the Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Project (KSUDP), aimed at the orderly conduct of street vending in clean and hygienic environment.Each cart was supposed to be made available at a cost of Rs 2 lakh. A sum of Rs 1.30 lakh will be taken as loan from a bank, Rs 50,000 will be pumped in by the corporation and the beneficiary has to bear 5% of the total project cost. The officials have already prepared the list of beneficiaries and even the collection of their share in the project has been completed.The corporation was planning to launch the project for 145 beneficiaries at special zones at Museum, Shangumugham, Medical College, General Hospital junction, Veli and Iranimuttam. An official revealed that if the councillors did not reach a consensus, the project might be buried forever.Welfare standing committee chairman Palayam Rajan said that the project was still on and the council was trying its best to convince the councillors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975723", "title": "Puja power theft continues unabated", "text": "KOLKATA: One in every four community pujas in the state resorted to power theft and 20% of the pujas checked in Kolkata were found guilty of overdrawing electricity.Organizers of 3,000 of the 11,800 community pujas in Bengal have been fined Rs 40 lakh for illegally drawing 11 MVA power, said an official of the West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Co Ltd. During the last Durga Puja, 3,300 organizers were penalized Rs 29 lakh for power theft.\"Though compliance has increased with less pujas resorting to theft or overdrawal, the quantum of electricity pilfered has shot up. Also, electricity rates are higher than last year. Hence, the higher penalty figure,\" an official explained.In CESC distribution area, covering Kolkata, Howrah town and parts of Hooghly, 400 of the 3,500 community pujas were scrutinized. Of them, 83 were found to be drawing more electricity compared to what they had applied for. Of the 83 pujas found to have erred in CESC area, only 21 were from the city against 45 in 2011. Last year, 113 puja committees were penalized in the entire CESC area.\"Incidence of blatant theft in Kolkata and neighbouring areas has reduced drastically. In several cases, puja committees were unintentionally drawing more power. When we pointed it out, most of them were ready to recalibrate the load and pay the differential amount. In the districts, too, there is increased awareness about the need to take proper connection for Pujas,\" a CESC official said. tnnThe penal amount is for 1 MW of power valued around Rs 10-12 lakh.Both utilities will continue the drive during the ensuing Kali and Jagaddharti pujas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974397", "title": "Madras high court quashes bid to recover relief from driver\u2019s salary", "text": "CHENNAI: A driver cannot be held liable for the compensation paid as the result of an accident caused by him, the Madras high court has said.As a result V Gunasekaran, a police driver, need not pay a portion of the compensation paid by police department to the family of an accident victim.On July 25, 2003 Gunasekaran caused an accident on his way to Trichy from Palladam near Coimbatore. A biker died and the motor accidents claims tribunal awarded 1.34 lakh to the kin of the deceased, but the high court enhanced the award to 2.78 with 7.5% interest too. The police department ended up paying 4.39 lakh to the family.The Coimbatore district superintendent of police, meanwhile, passed an order to recover 8,792 from Gunasekaran's salary. He then filed the present writ petition. Justice D Hariparanthaman pointed out that Gunasekaran had been acquitted by a court and departmental proceedings had been dropped.Pointing out that the superintendent of police order stated that the recovery was meant as a penalty, Justice Hariparanthaman said no opportunity was given to Gunasekaran before the order was passed. Holding that the order was not sustainable, he set aside the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16974291", "title": "Legal mining must start soon: NCP general secretary Tariq Anwar", "text": "PANAJI: NCP general secretary Tariq Anwar on Friday said that the NCP supports legal mining in Goa because a large number of people depend on it and that the party is against illegal mining.Speaking to the media before attending a state executive committee meeting, Anwar said that the Goa NCP has already apprised the NCP national president and union minister Sharad Pawar about Goa's mining issue and Pawar has already initiated dialogue with the prime minister on the subject.The NCP state executive committee also urged the NCP Rajya Sabha member Tariq Anwar to take up the mining issue to the NCP central leadership so as to expedite the issue and to \"put an end to the sufferings\".The state executive committee of the (NCP) also passed a resolution taking strong exception to the public utterance of the chief minister against the judiciary.The NCP state executive described Parrikar's \"outburst against judiciary\" as \"unwarranted and uncalled for.\" The resolution said that Parrikar \"has not only shown scant respect for the judiciary but also finds all union government agencies and institutions corrupt and untrustworthy and therefore such undemocratic and dictatorial attitude deserved highest degree of condemnation by all the people who believe in democracy.\"The NCP held chief minister Manohar Parrikar and his government's policies of \"U turns\" responsible for creating an atmosphere of distrust, despair, confusion and utter chaos in the administration and governance. The NCP said that instead of confrontation, the chief minister should choose path of dialogue to resolve the present mining imbroglio which has gripped the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16975258", "title": "Intake for bank course increased in Baroda Manipal School of Banking (BMSB)", "text": "MANGALORE: Here is some good news for bank job aspirants. The Baroda Manipal School of Banking (BMSB) has increased intake for its one-year diploma course in banking from 180 seats to 240, said MD Mallya, chairman and managing director of Bank of Baroda (BOB) here on Friday, while briefing mediapersons about the launch of BOB's ninth branch in undivided Dakshina Kannada district at Pumpwell in Mangalore. The branch will be opened on Saturday.The diploma course was started jointly by BOB and Manipal University in Bangalore last year and all the 180 students of the first batch have received job offers, said Mallya. \"We provide jobs to all students who pursue the course. We also give stipends while pursuing the course and education loans at subsidized rates to them,\" he said.After the completion of course, students can either join BOB or can opt to join any other banks, he added.On expansion of BOB's services and operations, he said, \"At present, BOB is operating in 24 countries. Within the next 45 days one branch in Australia and two branches in the Middle East will be opened. In India, there are 4,050 branches. We are planning to open 550 new branches across the nation by March 2013.,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16976434", "title": "Importance of vastu stressed", "text": "BHOPAL: Lack of awareness among general masses has restrained them from taking the real benefits of the vastu science. With these words concluded the first day of the 4th International Vastu Panorama which began in the city on Friday. Institute of Vedic Vastu and Research and Foundation ( IVVRF) has organized the three-day seminar on the theme 'Vastu dynamics for global well-being.'Organizing secretary, renowned vastu expert, Dr Pankaj Agrawal said people should consult about vastu science only from real and genuine vastu consultant.\"There are several vastu consultants in the market. People would take real benefits when they consult from people having the right knowledge about the discipline,\" Dr Agrawal said. He emphasized on the need of proper coordination among the vastu consultants.Addressing the gathering in the first technical session based on the theme 'Human health and behaviour is an outcome of living environment', Christopher J Bell from USA shed lights on Building Biology.He said, \"The construction material for constructing any building should be from the area where building is to be constructed. This will keep the people living in that particular building healthy and wealthy.\"The second technical session was based on the theme 'application of instruments in the measurement of various energies related to earth, buildings, environment and human beings'. Architect Reena Agrawal in her address discussed the complementary role of home environment and human beings.Founder president, Zoroastrian College, Mumbai, Dr Meher Master Moos and other experts also presented their views on the occasion. Around 300 delegates from India and other countries will be participating in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16973977", "title": "SRPF constables booked for creating ruckus", "text": "NAGPUR: Irked over their sudden transfer, some State Reserve Police Force (SRPF) constables went on a rampage and created ruckus at the SRPF office on Friday morning. MIDC police has booked four constables in this regard.According to police information, batch no. 13 of SRPF was ordered to transfer to Gadchiroli immediately. However, some constables of the batch no. 13 are at Amravati and Nagpur. Some are undergoing training at Amravati while some are undergoing training at Jaitala in Nagpur.On Thursday evening, during the roll call, senior officers announced the sudden transfer of batch no. 13 and also ordered all the constables to reach Wadsa on Friday evening. The constables were to be given guidance for deployment Gadchiroli at Wadsa.The constables complained the officers gave them no time to reach Wadsa. They claimed that the officers had not met many of their demands but transferred them. The angry constables pelted stones and damaged furniture in the SRPF office.MIDC police booked four SRPF constables for creating a ruckus. Later, on Friday night, senior officers held a meeting with constables and extended the time to reach Wadsa. The officers also assured to look into their demands of housing and other issues soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16975000", "title": "Armed with phone clip of tryst, youth coerced &amp; raped woman", "text": "After almost three years of a coercive relationship which she had begun of her own free will on the internet but soon got trapped into and was sexually exploited, a polio-afflicted woman has got her 'friend' arrested on charges of rape and cheating.Abhijeet Mandhre, 27, a call centre employee, is accused of promising the woman marriage and coaxing her into a physical relationship. He secretly recorded the tryst and used it to blackmail the victim and rape her several times. He has been booked for rape, cheating and criminal intimidation by the Gorai police and remanded in police custody.The 30-year-old woman who works with a private firm met Mandhre in an internet chat room in 2009. Soon, they found out they were both from Charkop and exchanged cellphone numbers. A few days later, they decided to meet up.\"In their first meeting offline, they went to Gorai beach and sat down for a while. As high tide was coming in, Mandhre suggested they should move to a shack, which would be more secure,\" said senior inspector Manik Bakhre of the Gorai police.At the shack, Mandhre tried to get cosy and the woman was surprised to find that he had come prepared with contraceptives. The youth convinced her that he loved her and would marry her. The woman gave in.\"The victim later recollected having seen Mandhre plant his cellphone vertically on a chair near the bed. When she asked him about the phone, Mandhre told her to ignore it. A week later, while going through his cellphone, the victim found a video of their tryst,\" added Bakhre. When she confronted Mandhre and asked why he had shot the video without her permission, he brushed aside her protest, saying they were anyway going to spend their lives together.The couple met a few more times, during which she found another pornographic clip on Mandhre's phone. She couldn't recognize the people in the clip.Soon, the woman realized Mandhre was taking her for a ride as he would never encourage any discussion on their wedding. She stopped meeting him. At this point, Mandhre threatened to circulate the video, said a police official.The woman submitted to the blackmail and was taken on Mandhre's bike to various hotels in Gorai, Mira Road- Bhayander and Ghodbunder in Thane, where she was raped. After enduring the ordeal six to seven times, she narrated her plight in a letter to the Charkop police station. After the intervention of the deputy police commissioner, the letter was converted into an FIR and transferred to Gorai on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16976599", "title": "Industrialists to minister: Won\u2019t compensate for KESCo corruption", "text": "KANPUR: A delegation of Provincial Industries Association (PIA) met State Minister for Small Industries, Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar on Friday at Circuit House and demanded a rollback of recent hike in power tariff for the industrial sector in the state.Gangwar is said to have assured the industrialists that he would take up the matter with chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and seek changes in the tariff keeping the interests of the industry in view. It is worth mentioning here that the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) on October 19 had announced the new power tariff wherein the per unit charge and fixed charges for industries were raised between 20% to 30%.The new power tariff was declared by the commission to have come into effect from October 1. The industrialists decided to stage protests against the same, but have decided to be in wait-and-watch mode for a while after fresh assurances from the minister.Talking to TOI, Atul Seth, state general secretary of Provincial Industries Association said, \"The Dada Nagar industrial area registers a line loss of only 5% now whereas in 2004-05, the line loss used to be 48%. Despite such a huge decline in the line loss, the state government has increased the power tariff, which is unfair.\"Holding Kesco responsible for line losses, Seth said, \"Why should who pay their electricity bills regularly and honestly be penalized? Corruption lies deep rooted in Kesco as a result of which the line losses are so high. The industrialists are not responsible for it and therefore, they should not be made to suffer.\"According to the UPERC decision, the heavy industries will have to spend between 60 paise and Rs 2 extra per unit, depending upon the time of power supply. Industries getting 11 KV power supply will have to pay Rs 5.46 per unit as against Rs 4.26 during 10 pm to 6 am. Similarly, the per unit charge has been increased from Rs 4.60 to Rs 5.90 during 6 am to 5 pm.This further escalates to Rs 6.79 per unit from 5.29 during 5 pm to 10 pm. The small and medium scale industries will have to pay at the rate of Rs 4.97 per unit which earlier was Rs 4.21 per unit.It is also important to mention here that there are over 3,000 small and medium sized industries located both in and at the outskirts of the city and are a major source of revenue for the state government.Gangwar has also assured the industrialists that all government orders (GOs) pertaining to Industrial Policy 2012 will be put before them by the end of the ongoing month.Those present during the meeting included founder president of PIA, Sunil Gupta, state president of PIA, Manoj Banka, Mithlesh Gupta, Suresh Chandra Gupta, Nikhil Kapoor and several other industrialists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16976162", "title": "Turning waste into power", "text": "BANGALORE: Just when Bangalore is staring at a sea of garbage piling on its streets, one Bangalorean has shown how waste can be effectively converted into fuel. And he has done it in Malaysia , which has successfully adapted his technology.KS Sivaprasad holds the patent for developing the Refuse Derived Fuel (RDF) Power System \u2014 a technology that converts mixed garbage to fuel to finally produce power. Today, he is director (technical advisor) of Core Competencies, a Malaysian firm which provides electricity to 2 lakh people there. The plant daily converts 700 tonnes of garbage to 8.9MW of power.Sivaprasad, a resident of Madiwala, has just one regret \u2014 despite the huge success rate in other parts of the globe, no one in India and Bangalore in particular has approached him to utilize this technology\"This is green power. We obtain this after removing all the pollutants, including heavy metals, from the mixed garbage. All we require is a plot of land to station this plant,\" Sivaprasad said.THE GENESISIt all started in the 1970s when US was looking to generate alternative fuel from municipal waste in the wake of the oil crisis. \"That's when the idea struck me and I developed this technology in India,\" said Sivaprasad, who set up a plant in Madiwala then. The biggest global recognition for RDF came in 1995 when he participated in a UN conference in Bangkok .He made a presentation and got a call from the Malaysian company which wanted to introduce this technology there. In 2006, they started work on building the plant and by 2009, the plant started power generation. He is working on a second plant which will treat up to 1,000 tonnes of garbage.How power is generatedSegregation is done in several steps at the plant Non-combustible matter is segregated and moisture content reduced by drying it Recyclable matter (like plastic) and hard material like bricks or stone are removed next Kitchen waste sent for composting Combustible matter that remains is fuel taken to boiler to generate steam Steam is fed to the turbine to generate power Pollution abatement system incorporated in boiler, which produces clean energy From 1,000 tonnes of garbage, about 400 tonnes of green fuel is finally obtained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975398", "title": "Hundreds gather in Delhi University for joint protest against vice-chancellor", "text": "NEW DELHI: The joint forces of the three main associations of DU \u2014 Delhi University Teachers' Association, Delhi University and College Karamchari Union, and the Delhi University Students' Union \u2014 are shaping into a power to reckon with. Hundreds gathered for the protest on the premises of the vice-chancellors' office in North Campus on Friday. Another protest is planned for October 31.The teachers had already started an indefinite relay-hunger-strike on October 10. The coming-together of the three associations drew a large number of students and even one odd parent.Mamta Saxena had come from Sonepat to protest against the university's decision to withdraw the \"special chance rule\" allowing students to write papers they had missed or failed to clear, later. Her daughter has Hodgkin's Lymphoma (cancer of the lymph tissue) and was unable to clear one paper in her second-year exam. \"She is an Economics (H) student and wrote her final exams even while undergoing chemotherapy. But now the university is not allowing her to write her second-year paper,\" adds Saxena.Ann Mary, a final-year law student joined the protest for similar reasons. Health problems kept her from writing her final-year exams and now she is barred from reappearing. \"You have to apply rules prospectively, not retrospectively. We took the decisions then believing the special chance rule was still in force,\" she says. A petition was circulated, and students and teachers lined up to sign. According to members of the joint \"coordination committee\", they would decide on the course of action later. The protest was also a site for a fundraiser and over Rs 7,300 were raised for fliers.Teacher-activists from Jamia Millia Islamia, AMUTA and JNU shared the dais alongside the DUTA, DUSU and DUCKU office-bearers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16975633", "title": "'Grave error in trial court judgment'", "text": "JAIPUR: Justice Rastogi, while setting aside the dischrage order dated May 31 passed by district and sessions court, Jaipur district, held that the trial court judge made grave error by distinguishing the case of Rajendra Singh Rathore while applying common set of facts and evidence to the other 16 accused persons and holding that a prima facie case did exist against those 16 but not against Rathore.\"From the statements of prosecution witnesses 46 to 68, it clearly emerges that all of the witnesses have consistently stated that Dara Singh told them that he had danger on his life. It is appropriate to point out that evidence of these witnesses on one hand while framing charges against Rajendra Rathore has not been considered to be reliable while on the other, has been found to be sufficient giving rise to presume a strong suspicion against the 16 accused persons having committed the offence and charges have also been framed vide three separate orders,\" reads the order.Justice Rastogi futher ruled, \"The evidence about the motive to get Dara Singh eliminated at this stage cannot be ruled out and the finding impugned that there was no strong motive of Rathroe of getting Dara Singh eliminated is totally perverse in the light of evidence comprising oral and documentary made available during investigation as taken note of by this court.\"Highlighting the conspiracy between IGP A K Jain and Rathore, the court held, \"The telephonic talks between Rahtore and Arvind Kumar Jain certainly give rise to strong suspicion of criminal conspiracy being hatched between them and that appears to be completely overlooked by the sessions judge.\"\"That apart, in supplementary chargesheet, statements of 29 witnesses along with documents were brought on record indicative of association and intimacy between Arvind Kumar Jain and V S Niangli, whom partonage was being provided by Rajendra Rathore and further the case diary is indicative of pressure exerted in the name of Rathore for false implication of Dara Singh and Vijendra Tiliya,\" observed the court in its judgment.The high court also brushed aside the logic given by trial court that non-production of transcript of the call details given by CBI is fatal as it does not bring home the offence for Rathore. \"It is true that the is no conversation details of such alleged calls among the accused persons on record but such call details cannot be ruled out and cannot be eschewed as irrelevant for at least at the stage of considering the case for framing of the charges against Rathore,\" the order said.\"As regards the factum of threats at the instance of Rathore given to Dara Singh, certainly there are statements recorded during investigation which could link the fact that Rathore has certainly given threats,\" the court held.\"As regards the CDRs (call detail records) whcih showed factum of conspiracy being hatched, suffice is to say that the cell phone conversations might have not come on record but telephonic calls between the two corroborates simultaneous action being initiated at the behest of Arvind Kumar Jain who was head of special operation group and other calls made after alleged encounter of killing Dara Singh certainly give rise to grave suspicion against Rajendra Rathore and this court is of the view that sufficient material has come on record to draw a strong presumption that Rathroe committed the offence as alleged by prosecution,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16976553", "title": "Intensive awareness drive to combat avain flu", "text": "The city, already battling the garbage crisis and the fear of dengue, chikungunya, malaria and many other diseases, now has to contend with avian flu. Though it may not be related to the garbage piles lying all over the city, the contagious disease is here for real. It is up to the government to sterilize the infected zone and put in place checks to stop the spread of the flu, especially to humans. It also needs to start an intensive awareness drive to make people aware of the flu and the precautions to be taken.Related story: Avian flu kills 3,400 turkeys at Bangalore unit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16976455", "title": "Financial aid pours in for Atal's primary school", "text": "BHOPAL: Four BJP MPs and the Gwalior municipal corporation (GMC) will contribute Rs one crore each for development of the Government school where former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee took his primary education.Vajpayee, born in Gwalior on December 25, 1924, studied up to primary level in the Government Gorkhi School at Maharaj Bada area in Gwalior. In order to develop the school, four Parliamentarians - Prabhat Jha (who is also Madhya Pradesh BJP president), Yashodhara Raje Scindia, Kaptan Singh Solanki and Maya Singh - have decided to contribute Rs 1 crore each from their MP Local Area Development (MPLAD) fund, official sources said on Friday.The GMC administration will also contribute Rs 1 crore from its resources to develop the school where the veteran BJP leader had his early education, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16976616", "title": "Former village pradhan shot dead in Mainpuri", "text": "KANPUR: A former village pradhan was shot dead near Shahjahanpur village under Ghiraur police station of Mainpuri district late on Thursday night, leading to tension in the area.Brijendra Singh Yadav was returning from Ghiraur to his Shahjahanpur home on a two-wheeler along with his son Neeraj when some unidentified assailants waylaid them and opened indiscriminate fire. While his son managed to escape the attack, Yadav died on the spot. The police have lodged a named FIR against four persons including Anil Kumar Mishra and Nand Kumar Mishra of Lapakva as well as Ram Pratap and VP Singh of Shahjahanpur on the basis of Neeraj's complaint.The police suspect the role of individuals close to former village pradhan Dharmendra Mishra who was allegedly murdered by Brijendra Singh Yadav earlier.As news of the incident spread, the kin and supporters of Yadav marched towards the suspects' house seeking retribution.However, senior police officials from various police stations reached the spot and brought the situation under control. Additional police force has been deployed in the area to maintain peace.Another group of Yadav's supporters later staged a road blockade in the area demanding immediate arrest of the culprits and refused to cremate the body until their demands were met.Senior police and district authorities intervened and the cremation was finally held on Friday. No arrests have been made so far. \"Though the situation is under control now, the atmosphere is tense,\" said an officer at Ghiraur police station. So far, we have rounded up four people and will make arrests soon, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16975699", "title": "Baby Damini's health improves", "text": "JAIPUR: The health of baby Damini undergoing treatment at Fortis Escorts hospital here is improving.Damini's father Bablu said, \"I met both doctors and Damini. She is recovering. The doctors are giving her formula milk though nasogastric feeding tube. But, still it will take some for her to get completely recover.\"Damini and his rickshawpuller father attracted worldwide attention when TOI carried the news of Bablu driving rickshaw to earn his livelihood while carrying his newly born daughter Damini in a cloth slung around his neck after his wife died after delivery of the child.The infant was brought to the hospital when her weight was reduced to just 1400 grams. She has gained some weight now increased after the doctors provided her treatment round the clock. Bablu said he is continuously getting phone calls from unknown people from all across the globe to provide help to his daughter.\"I have got enough monetary help. But it is not money but prayers from people that my daughter has survived and her health is improving,\" Bablu added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16974106", "title": "Ponda municipal council asks GSUDA to construct Curti waste treatment plant", "text": "PONDA: Irked by alleged dilly-dallying by the public works department (PWD), the Ponda municipal council (PMC) has decided to hand over construction work of its garbage treatment plant at Kerye-Khandepar to Goa state urban development authority (GSUDA). The civic body has written to GSUDA about its decision, recently.The PMC has a 18,200 sq m plot earmarked for the construction of its waste disposal plant at Kerye-Khandepar in Curti-Khandepar panchayat's jurisdiction and the high court of Bombay at Goa also permitted the Ponda civic body, about three years ago, to go ahead with its plans.The council has also proposed to erect a 30 metric tonne garbage disposal plant at a cost of 8.97 crore on its land at Kerye-Khandepar purchased by the PMC way back in 2003-04. PMC chairperson Rukmi Dangui alleged that \"unnecessary queries\" raised by the PWD had delayed the project.\"On the contrary, locals and politicians including some councilors blame the PMC for the garbage issue. Now we face the ire of people for no reason. We want to construct a plant at the earliest, but we lack support from the PWD,\" Dangui said.PMC decided to handover the construction of the plant to GSUDA and an official letter was sent a fortnight ago. TOI attempted to contact PWD minister Sudin Dhavalikar to get his comment on the issue, but efforts were in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16975040", "title": "No end to faulty power bills", "text": "NOIDA: Residents of Noida, whose electricity meters have been replaced during the last few months, continue to get erratic bills even as the discom has assured them that all faults would be corrected once the meters were fully integrated into the billing system. Residents allege that bills are being charged on the basis of fixed amounts since the last four months, irrespective of the number of units consumed.Domestic power consumers allege that the average amounts of units on which bills are being calculated are much higher than their normal consumption levels. \"For the past three months, I am being charged for 640 units. My normal consumption, as per past records with me, used to be around 250 units per month,\" said Prakash Kumar, a resident of Sector 28.Residents complain that problems related to bills have arisen only after the old meters were replaced by Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) with new ones. It has also been alleged that there are massive problems at the end of the power corporation in recording details of payments made. \"My connection was once snapped even though my payments are up to date. Supply was restored after they found that my payments had been lying in the credit balance,\" added Kumar.\"There is a lot of duplication of work. Bill payments are being recorded manually and not updated properly onto the online system,\" said Deepa Wason, resident of Sector 28. \"Each time we go to pay bills, the officials add up pending arrears without assigning any specific reason,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16974933", "title": "Suspend Thete without delay, Lokayukta to General Administration department", "text": "BHOPAL: Lokayukta Justice P P Naolekar has served a notice to General Administration department (GAD) principal secretary seeking explanation why IAS Ramesh Thete is not being suspended despite seven cases pending against him before the court.PS GAD Sudesh Kumar has been directed to suspend the officer with immediate effect and submit his explanation - for allowing him to continue - by appearing personally before Lokayukta on November 7, said sources.Giving the officer a new posting and allowing him to serve the government is violation of All India Services (Discipline &amp; Appeal) Rules, 1969, said an officer adding there are seven cases of 'misuse of office' pending against this officer.Rule 3 (3) says member of the service in respect of or against whom an investigation, inquiry or trial relating to a criminal charge is pending may, at the discretion of the government be placed under suspension until the termination of all proceedings, if the charge is connected with his position as a member of the service or is likely to embarrass him in the discharge of his duties or involves moral turpitude.When contacted, Thete said, \"Just because I am Dalit, people are vindictive. I can't just understand why Lokayukta is after me that too when I have cleared all the loans. Even banks don't have any problem!\"There are many industrialists and government officials, who have defaulted bank loans, but I repaid it with interest, he said.About the rule -- which the Lokayukta feels has been flouted by the government - Thete said, \"it doesn't mandate to place an officer under suspension\".Thete - a 1993 batch IAS officer was suspended in 2002 in a 'disproportionate assets' case. He was reinstated after his acquittal from the court in this case.Recently, Thete had hit the headlines after he had threatened to commit suicide in front of the chief secretary's office complaining undue delay in his promotion.He had also written a letter to the SC/ST Commission complaining discrimination in the promotion. He claimed that upper caste bureaucrats were being promoted despite pending corruption cases against them and his case was ignored as he was a Dalit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975776", "title": "At Rs 123cr, puja spend touches new high this year", "text": "KOLKATA: The 4,000-odd Durga Pujas held in the city, including community and residential pujas, entailed an expenditure of Rs 123 crore this year.According to officials of Forum for Durgotsav, a platform that represents around 200 leading puja organizers in the city, of the 3,000-odd community pujas, the top 77 spent Rs 20 crore with the rest incurring Rs 103 crore. Of these, four are mega-budget pujas with spendings in excess of Rs 70 lakh, followed by 10 big budget pujas that spent around Rs 40 lakh, 20 pujas that spent around Rs 30 lakh and 43 pujas that spent Rs 15 lakh on an average.\"The leading pujas that numberdraw 99% of pandal-hoppers and vie for top honours in all major award categories. After that, there are 100-odd aspirants who want to join the must-see list. They are trying to raise their budget to be competitive,\" said Kajal Sarkar, joint secretary of the forum and lead organizer of the Puja at Bosepukur Sitala Mandir that has been a top draw for over a decade now.The 1,000 medium-size pujas, that make up the next rung, have an average spend of Rs 7 lakh, followed by 1,000 housing and bari pujos with average budget of Rs 1.5 lakh on the five days of rituals and fiestingand finally 1,500 small budget pujas with an average budget of Rs 1.25 lakh.\"While there are puja committees that spend close to Rs 1 crore, at the other end of the spectrum are the likes of us who manage to organize pujas on a shoe-string budget of Rs 50,000. Though we try to cut as many corners as we can, the expenditure has still gone up by 12% this year,\" said Tarun Shaw of Hindustan Boys' Sporting Club on S N Banerjee Road.For bigger pujas, the cost escalation has been still higher. \"The budget has increased by at least 15% due to appreciation in all expenses - from artists conceptualizing the theme to labourers constructing the pandals to cost of idol, transportation, price of puja offerings and charge of dhakis,\" said Forum for Durgotsav president Nitish Kumar Saha.In addition to the community pujas, there are around 1,000 pujas organized by housing societies and at homes in the city that have budgets ranging from Rs 50,000 to Rs 50 lakh. While the average expenditure is pegged around Rs 1.5 lakh, premium condominium complexes like Hiland Park and South City have a budget in excess of Rs 30 lakh with much of the funds going into lavish meals for the residents. While new complexes have deep pockets, many homes that have been traditionally organizing pujas are finding it increasingly difficult to meet the expenses of Durga Puja with its elaborate rituals.Even mega and big budget community pujas may find the going tough next year following the police's decision to disallow erection of gates over major roads. With organizers unable to erect 500-odd gates, each of which supposed to fetch an average of Rs 40,000 from the companies that advertised on the gates, the industry is staring at revenue loss of Rs 2 crore.\"Of the total expenditure in a big budget puja, sponsorships contribute 70% of the funds while souvenirs, donations and subscriptions make up the rest. With several Pujas running up deficit of Rs 2 lakh or more, it is a setback for the industry and could reflect in reduced budgets next year,\" warned Sarkar.What's also of concern is the apprehension that with many politicians jumping on to the Puja bandwagon and patronizing some of the pujas, they could grab a lion's share of the advertising revenue, thereby starving the rest of funds. \"These are challenges times,\" Saha admitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16976142", "title": "All is well with Vadra-DLF land deal: Haryana government", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after four deputy commissioners of Haryana gave Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra a clean chit in his land deals, the state government on Friday claimed that the controversial mutation of the Vadra-DLF deal at Shikohpur village in Gurgaon district was executed as per rules.Whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka on October 15 had cancelled the mutation stating that the assistant consolidation officer, who had executed the mutation, was not a competent authority to do so. Khemka was transferred from the land consolidation department to Haryana Seed Development Corporation after he initiated a probe into Vadra's land deals.According to a press note issued by the state government on Friday, \"assistant consolidation officers (ACOs), as per the land settlement manual or guiding directions under east Punjab holding (consolidation and prevention of fragmentation) rules 1948, are authorized to sanction all the pending mutations as per the records before preparing the scheme of consolidation and update it accordingly. The clarification regarding the powers of ACOs regarding sanctioning of the mutation has been issued on October 4, 2012 and has been followed accordingly,\" the press note said.The government also claimed that the ACO, Gurgaon, had sanctioned around 150 mutations at Shikohpur apart from the Vadra-DLF deal.Reacting to the government stand, Khemka said, \"If it is presumed that assistant consolidation officer was authorized to execute the mutation, even then I was empowered to review his order being a superior officer. Legally, the mutation stands cancelled till it is set aside or revised by the Punjab and Haryana high court.\"Reacting to another issue raised by Khemka on the registration of the sale deed without the sanction of consolidation officer, the government said, \"On the date of registration of document (September 18, 2012) tehsildar-cum-sub registrar, Manesar, was having the powers of consolidation officer under a notification issued on January 11, 2008\".\"At the time of sale deed (September 18, 2012), the land was not for agriculture purpose as change of land use licence had already been granted and thus it could not have been brought under the provision of consolidation and repartition,\" the note said.Claiming that there was no loss of revenue to the state in the sale deed, the government said more stamp duty was paid in this case than the prescribed amount. \"When Sky Light Hospitality (Vadra's company) bought the 3.53 acre land for Rs 7.5 crore in 2008, the total stamp duty as per the collector rate was Rs 10.5 lakh whereas the purchaser paid Rs 45 lakh for this deed.\"\"In the subsequent sale of the land (to DLF Universal) on September 18, 2012 for Rs 58 crore, the stamp duty should have been Rs 25.97 lakh as per the collector rates whereas the DLF paid Rs 2.90 crore,\" added the press note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973716", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation to build Taljai anganwadi in three weeks", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation started constructing two new buildings for anganwadi in Taljai where a building had collapsed on Dasara.Eleven people lost their lives in the collapse on September 24. Several people were trapped under the debris. Police and civic authorities demolished two small buildings, which operated as anganwadi, to make way for rescue teams. A total of 70 children would attend the anganwadi, every day. However, they had not been coming for nearly a month because there was no building where the children could gather.Convenor of the state Anganwadi Karmachari Sabha, Nitin Pawar, said the schools were opened 23 years ago when the area was with the gram panchayat. The teachers had been working hard to teach young children. In the initial years there was no building, but the anganwadi functioned from a small place, he said. After the buildings were brought down, teachers and the children had been coming to the site every day, he said.The sabha, corporators Shivlal Bhosale and Subhash Jagtap would ensure that construction is completed in the next two to three weeks. Pawar said citizens can help the anganwadi by providing benches, education materials, toys and even by drawing pictures on the wall for the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975519", "title": "High court for widening ambit of probation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The benefit of release on probation after being convicted in a criminal case cannot be restricted to only \"sick or old or infirm\" persons and others may also avail the relief, the Delhi high court has clarified.Due regard has to be given to the age, character, antecedents of the offender as well as the circumstances in which the offence was committed before the benefit of probation can be granted to the convict, Justice Manmohan said in a recent order.\"Benefit of Section 360 CrPC (which deals with order to release on probation of good conduct or after admonition) is to be given only after accused has been found guilty of having committed a crime.\"Section 360 CrPC requires that due regard has to be given to the age, character, antecedents of the offender and circumstances in which the offence was committed before benefit of probation can be granted to the convict. However, the convict does not necessarily have to be sick or old or infirm to avail the benefit,\" the HC added.The court's remarks came while dismissing a revision petition filed by Surjeet Kaur and her son against a trial court judgment where the court had released an old woman on probation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16974195", "title": "Highway authority had permitted road link", "text": "PANAJI: An inquiry by the revenue department into the alleged puncturing of the national highway at St Cruz at a dangerous point on the Bambolim slope has revealed that the highway authority had issued an approval for linking an internal road to a private party.Eyebrows had been raised about three weeks back when a private party laid a 'kutcha' road in Cabesa and connected it to the highway at Cujira, St Cruz.The North Goa collector directed Tiswadi mamlatdar Sudhir Kerkar to conduct an inquiry after receiving an oral complaint about the link on a sloppy stretch with a four-road junction barely 20m ahead.This stretch of the St Cruz bypass is considered accident-prone with more than 35 lives lost in accidents after it was opened to traffic about two decades back.\"The highway authority had first issued a licence to the private party in December, 2010,\" a source said.But the private party had not constructed the road till recently.The approval on payment of a fee of 30,000 was being renewed after every six months for the past two years. The complainant had alleged that while linking the internal road to the highway the drain carrying storm water from the area to Ourem creek had been blocked.\"What appears to be the violation is only the extension of the road into the highway, which is the government's property for 13 metres,\" the source said.During the inquiry, the private party produced papers showing the approval for linking the road.\"We are looking into the matter,\" said Umesh Kulkarni, executive engineer, highway authority.The incumbent said he had taken over recently and would verify about the issuance of approval.Officials at the lower level passed the buck among themselves.After public criticism about the official approval to create another danger spot on the highway, the authorities are reviewing the matter, a source said.An inspection is being planned to take stock of the punctures along the Cujira-Bondir stretch of the Bambolim bypass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16974443", "title": "Coimbatore Municipal Corporation to probe scent of a scam", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city municipal corporation has started an internal probe into allegations of financial misappropriation in the payments made to tipper trucks that transport municipal waste and garbage to the Vellalore dump yard. The issue came up after corporation officials involved in sanctioning payment to the trucks were asked to furnish an explanation for clearing bills to the tune of Rs 1.42 crore to private contract agencies during the financial year 2011-12.\"All trip sheets of the vehicles used to carry waste to the dump yard will be cross verified after the objections pointed out in the audit report,\" said T K Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation. As many as 50 private trucks are sent out to transport waste and garbage from city streets to the dump yard on a regular basis. Sanitary workers of the corporation collect the waste and load them in the vehicles to be taken to the dumping yard. According to corporation officials, a majority of these private vehicles are used in the newly-added areas where there is a shortage of garbage bins.\"Payment is made on a fixed rate based on the kilometres covered by the vehicles. Often the vehicles might have to make more trips to some wards,\" claimed Ponnusamy.The bill payments are cleared based on the trip sheets that are signed and counter checked by sanitary inspectors, sanitary supervisor, zonal sanitary officer, assistant commissioner of the particular zone and officials of the health department. The rate fixed for transportation of garbage for tipper trucks is Rs 72 per km. The contract for the transportation of waste has been handed over to two private firms, KCP Engineers and MS Engineers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16976605", "title": "1,604km bunds to come up in 5 years", "text": "PATNA: The state government has planned to construct 1,604km of new embankments over the next five years to protect 20.45 lakh hectare of arable land from floods.Water resources department (WRD) minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary said the department's aim is to contribute its share of value to the state's agriculture road map by creating new irrigation potential and restoring the lost irrigational potential. \"Embankments have provided multi-pronged help to farmers in increasing crop yield, apart from protecting their land from floods,\" he said, adding the state today has 3,643km of embankments.According to him, WRD had planned to construct 406km of additional new embankments during the financial year ending on March 31 next year. \"In a few cases, land acquisition is the problem. In few others, clearance has to be sought from Ganga Flood Control Commission (GFCC). Getting the GFCC clearance would not be difficult. The land acquisition, however, remains a problem,\" he said.The new embankments to be constructed by March 31 next year would give protection to arable land from the floods caused by the Budhi Gandak, Bagmati, Mahananda, Adhwara Jhimi and the Chandan.The new embankment concerning the Budhi Gandak would be of 73km length, the one related to the Mahananda of 167km length, that concerning the Adhwara Jhimi of 52km length and the protection from Chandan would involve construction of 78km of embankment. The other embankments to be constructed include the ones associated with the Kamla and the Tirmohan Kursela.The construction of 406km of new embankments would involve an expenditure of Rs 961 crore from the plan fund. During the current financial year, another chunk of plan fund worth Rs 1,231 crore would be spent on works pertaining to the irrigation sector - that is, creation of new irrigation potential and restoration of the lost irrigation potential.Choudhary said the department would be able to utilize the plan fund earmarked for the current financial year even as the plan fund allotment had increased to Rs 2,192 crore. \"It is the highest allotment made in the last 20 years,\" he said, adding the plan fund utilization was Rs 1,870 crore in 2011-12 and Rs 1,365 crore in 2010-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16978373", "title": "Ambika Soni, Subodh Kant resign ahead of Cabinet reshuffle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni and tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahai on Saturday submitted their resignation to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.Social justice and empowerment minister Mukul Wasnik also resigned from the Union Cabinet on Friday evening.The Cabinet reshuffle will take place at 11:30am tomorrow, Rashtrapati Bhavan spokesperson Venu Rajamony said today. Some more ministers are likely to quit ahead of the reshuffle, which could be the last before the Lok Sabha elections slated for 2014.Earlier on Friday, PM accepted the resignation of external affairs minister S M Krishna, hours after the latter had forwarded his resignation in anticipation of Sunday's proposed reshuffle of the Union Cabinet.Wasnik said after meeting Manmohan Singh on Saturday: \"I have already submitted my resignation to the Prime Minister on Friday evening.\"These developments came as the Prime Minister met UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi for a one-on-one meeting that reportedly discussed the Cabinet reshuffle.Krishna said that he wanted to give a free hand to Prime Minister Singh during the reshuffle.In recent times, Krishna has been dogged by several controversies, including a Lokayukta report against him and his decision to go to England to watch tennis matches at Wimbledon.His resignation comes a day after a special Lokayukta court ordered its police to probe the involvement former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa and Janata Dal (Secular) leader HD Devegowda in the alleged Mysore-Bangalore Express Highway scam.The suspense over Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi joining the government remains.Sources said Jyotiraditya Scindia and Sachin Pilot are among those likely to be elevated. The reshuffle could also involve some ministers caught in controversies like coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal.The NCP has already said it will replace its minister Agatha Sangma. She is likely to be replaced by senior leader Tariq Anwar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "vikas nagar", "code": "16976013", "title": "Celebrating the birth of girls", "text": "VIKAS NAGAR: In India, where all blessings traditionally begin with \"Doodho nahao, pooton phalon\" (May you be blessed with sons), it is no surprise that the birth of a girl child is not really seen as an occasion to rejoice. But a couple in Ludhiana, who have two daughters, have set a unique example by welcoming newborn girls. Rahul and wife Shipra Jain welcome these newborns by providing their families with gift hampers and planting a sapling for each girl.\"Right from sounding the 'kansi ki thali', puja to feast and the jamna (gifts for the newborn sent by maternal parents), all the rituals have been traditionally custom-designed to welcome the birth of boys in the family. Why don't we welcome girls similarly?\" questions Shipra, who has two daughters, including six-and-half year old Kairavi and one-and-half year old Miraya.Talking about her own experience, Shipra adds, \"When I was expecting my first child, everyone hoped that I would have a boy. As for me I only wanted a healthy child - for me there is no difference between a boy and girl for me. But when I was expecting for the second time everyone again hoped that it would be a boy but I had a baby girl. We feel our family is complete now.\" \"We are very happy with our daughters \u2014 my eldest has won many prizes in school competitions. I'm sure our daughters will earn us great pride one day,\" adds Rahul.Despite the widespread and horrific practice of female foeticide in North India, celebrating the girl child is not such an unknown tradition even in North India - after having two daughters Jains decided to share their happiness with the world by promoting the birth of girl child.\"We believe God has given us enough so we want to use it well and make sure the arrival of no baby girl remains unsung. In the past three months, we have given 14 underprivileged families of newborn baby girls a hamper containing baby articles.Plus we have planted a sapling at a place near Doraha for each of these girls. The motive for this initiative is to promote the birth of girl child and assert an important point that birth of a girl should be celebrated as they too can be an asset for their parents,\" said Shipra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16974690", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal demands Vadra, Gadkari to make business interests public", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dismissing probes against Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra and BJP chief Nitin Gadkari as an \"eyewash\", India Against Corruption ( IAC) member Arvind Kejriwal demanded that the two make their business interests public.He said the probe against Gadkari by Income Tax department was an \"eye-wash\" as Congress and BJP were \"hand in glove\" trying to save each other.\"Vadra should publicize where all he owns land. What are his business interests? When did he buy this land and at what cost? Gadkari and Vadra should publicize all their business interests in the country and abroad,\" he said.He also asked if the I-T department was probing Gadkari, why had it not begun investigations on the DLF-Vadra land deal. \"Are all these probes merely eyewash? Time will tell. It would further prove that Congress and BJP are hand in glove,\" he alleged.On the I-T department launching a probe to trace the source of funding of various firms that invested in Gadkari's company Purti Power and Sugar Limited, he said government has said that the tax authorities would submit a report in a month. \"I-T Act has no provision for such a probe. Is the government fooling people? Under the IT Act, you can raid under Section 132, or survey under Section 133 A or scrutinize under Section 143....And what happened to Robert Vadra? Does any agency have guts to even summon him or investigate him? He is so right. It's a banana republic,\" Kejriwal said.He said media reports claimed that Haryana officers gave clean chit to Vadra. \"That was expected. Country would be surprised if it were otherwise. In Haryana, all good officers are shunted out. Those in key positions crawl when asked to bend. Now, Congress will protect Gadkari, and BJP will protect Vadra,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16974548", "title": "CIC to I-T: Make relief of ICC Cricket World Cup public", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission (CIC) has directed the income tax department to disclose documents related to exemption given to the ICC World Cup held last year in the country.Information commissioner Rajiv Mathur directed the department to make public the documents placed before the Union Cabinet last year on the basis of which decision was taken to grant the exemption. He, however, allowed the I-T department to severe the portion of documents which it considers are exempted under the provisions of the RTI Act.The order came on the plea of activist Subhash Agrawal, who had demanded documents related to decision taken by the Union Cabinet to exempt income tax worth Rs 45 crore on the income generated during the ICC World Cup.The application seeking exemption from income tax was not disclosed by the I-T department citing fiduciary clause of the RTI Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16976106", "title": "7 state schemes will be linked to Aadhaar", "text": "BANGALORE: While Haryana, in a move to check unauthorized transfer of land, has proposed to make Aadhaar numbers compulsory for registration of land, Karnataka is in the process of linking Unique Identity Number (UID) to seven social security schemes \u2014 social security pension, irrigation pumpset, Bhagyalakhmi scheme, milk producers cooperative societies, National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme, ration card and LPG.The empowered committee for UID in the state headed by chief secretary SV Ranganath on October 22 approved setting up of Karnataka Resident Data Hub (KRDH) to provide centralized seeding and authentication services. \"In KRDH, applications and databases used by various departments for delivering services will be inserted (seeded) with Aadhaar numbers of respective beneficiaries after various inbuilt verifications and validation processes,\" said sources in e-governance . The pilot project for KRDH will be taken up in Mysore and Tumkur, where UID was initiated in the state.Linking of seven social security schemes to Aadhaar was done by the state long before Rajasthan planned to include the schemes, sources added. The KRDH, in turn, will have Karnataka ID repository which will provide demographic data of a resident like name, address, date of birth and photograph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16976144", "title": "Barring 1990 and 1995, elections in Gujarat have never been a crowded affair", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Barring 1990 and 1995, elections in Gujarat have never been a crowded affair. Ever since it was carved out as a separate state in 1960, each of 182 assembly constituencies has seen only six-seven candidates in fray, largely because elections in Gujarat have traditionally been dominated by two parties.This is in sharp contrast to some other parts of the country. In the recently-concluded assembly polls in Uttar Pradesh, there were 6,252 candidates in fray for 403 seats, while in Bihar assembly polls held in 2010, there were 3,216 candidates for 243 seats.In 2007, there were three constituencies in Gujarat where only two candidates contested - the only constituency which saw 15 candidates was Porbandar. With Congress and BJP dominating the poll arena, very few independents or third front candidates have succeeded, leading to lesser people contesting the elections.On an average while there were 2.6 independent candidates per seat in Gujarat as against 4.19 in Uttar Pradesh and 5.52 in Bihar.However, poll pundits believe this year could be slightly different with the Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP), an outfit floated by BJP rebel Keshubhai Patel , and other parties like Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Nitish Kumar's JD(U) deciding to contest several seats. While GPP and BSP have announced that they would field candidates from all 182 seats, JD(U) has decided to field 100 candidates. NCP has demanded 22 seats from the Congress, but if the demands were not met with, the party has plans to field over 40 candidates.The smaller parties, including GPP, NCP, JD(U), Lok Janshakti Party (LJP), the Samajwadi Party (SP) and BSP, have hope to make a dent in the major parties' vote share.Officials said that 39 unrecognized but registered political parties and 480 independent candidates had contested the assembly elections in 2007, challenging bigwigs in their bastions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16976685", "title": "\u2018Dabangg\u2019 the cynosure of all eyes this Bakrid", "text": "PATNA: Friday was the day of 'Dabangg'. This he-goat stole the show at Bakri Bazaar on Jagdeo Path here on the eve of Eid-ul-Zoha. Customers at the bazaar were trying to bargain to buy the goat, priced at Rs 71,000, for sacrificial purposes, said the goat 's owner, Mohd Mustaquim. \"The entry of 'Dabangg' has demoralized the owners of other goats,\" he claimed.The bazaar is full of goats of different breeds brought from different parts of Bihar and states like UP and Rajasthan. 'Tiger', another robust goat from Balia, UP, was the centre of attraction on Thursday and so were Lallu and Kallu. Their owners had fixed their prices between Rs 80,000 and Rs 1 lakh. A person identified as Golden of Phulwarisharif purchased a 100kg goat called 'Sallu' for Rs 80,000 from a UP trader. Salman and Shahrukh got buyers early this week at a hefty price.Truckloads of goats are still arriving as many people who could not buy earlier rushed to bazaar for last- minute purchases. Afroz Quraishi of Gazipur, UP, said Patna was a very good market and over a hundred goats he had brought three days back were sold off. Sohail Ahmad of Dulhin Bazar said he made several rounds and brought goats from his village, about 35km away, and sold them here.No less than one lakh goats were brought to this market for sale during the past one fortnight, said the bazaar's caretaker, Mohammad Ziaullah Khan. Though he keeps an account of all transactions on a daily basis, he declined to disclose the total value of transactions so far. He said in this 15-year-old bazaar, sale picks up in the last four days of Bakrid.On Friday, a number of women, most of them in veil, visited the market to purchase goats and were seen bargaining. Rukhsana Khatoon of Sabzibagh said, \"Prices are quite high and a suitable goat costs a minimum of about Rs 10,000.\" As per the tradition, the sacrificial goat should be one year old and healthy. The sacrifice is made on at least the first day or on all three days of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16980461", "title": "Zee News sends Rs 150 crore defamation notice to Naveen Jindal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Zee News on Saturday said it has sent a Rs 150 crore defamation notice to Congress MP and industrialist Naveen Jindal, who too had filed a Rs 200 crore case against the media conglomerate claiming the TV channel had tried to extort money from his company.\"Zee News has granted a three-day time period to Mr Naveen Jindal to withdraw all his unsubstantiated and defamatory allegations against Zee News, failing which Mr Jindal would face civil and criminal actions initiated by Zee News,\" the media house said in a statement here.At a press conference on October 25, Jindal, who is the chairman of Jindal Steel and Power Ltd (JSPL) had claimed that the Zee News group attempted to \"extort\" Rs 100 crore from the firm for not airing stories against it on coal block allocation.Jindal had released a CD claiming that it has records of attempts by Zee editors to strike a purported deal with JSPL. On Thursday, JSPL had filed a defamation suit for Rs 200 crore against four executives of Zee at Bombay high court.\"Notices for which have already been issued to Subhash Chandra , Puneet Goenka, Sudhir Chaudhary and Sameer Ahluwalia of Zee News and Zee Business. The case is likely to come for hearing next week at Bombay high court,\" the company said.However, Jindal's charges were strongly denied by the Zee group. \"Zee News has condemned and completely rejected the doctored evidence produced by Jindal. Zee News sees this as a deliberate attempt to malign the trustworthy television network,\" the media house said.JSPL is one of the companies named in the CAG report as one of the beneficiaries of the coal block allocation without auction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16975944", "title": "Ahmedabad students to make \u2018space call\u2019 to Sunita Williams", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Amid Diwali fireworks, a group of students in Gujarat will reach out to the stars. For the first time in India, about 500 students will have a live chat with Sunita Williams, the Indian-origin astronaut aboard International Space Station, through Ham radio set-up at Science City in Ahmedabad.\"We have got a go-ahead from National Aeronautics and Space Administration (Nasa) to organise the talk between November 12 and 16. We are trying to hold the event on November 14, celebrated as Children's Day in India. It is a great opportunity for the students as they would be talking to Williams in space. As she has roots in Gujarat, it is all the more special for us,\" said Ravi Saxena, additional chief secretary, department of science and technology. The scientific community from the state contacted Nasa soon after Williams set off for her record-breaking journey in July this year.Williams, who is also the commander for expedition 33, holds records for the longest space flight time for a female astronaut, record number of spacewalks by a female and most spacewalk time by a female. She will end her four-month space odyssey later next month. Narottam Sahoo, senior scientist at the Science City, said the Ham radio, also known as amateur radio is frequently used for the space-to-earth communication and in the past, many of the astronauts stationed at ISS have had talks with students narrating their experiences and answering queries through the Amateur Radio on the International Space Station (ARISS).The goal of ARISS is to get students interested in mathematics and science by allowing them to talk directly with the crews living and working aboard the station, according to Nasa website. Williams, an avid Ham radio operator, has talked to a number of groups from around the world during both her space travels. Since its installation on ISS, the astronauts have held more than 600 conversations through ARISS. It will be the first for India, claim organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16976291", "title": "Govt to simplify service delivery to boost investors", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to facilitate investment and industrial growth in UP, the timeline of delivery of services by all the concerned departments will be synchronised with the time-schedule fixed under provisions of Nivesh Mitra, the web-based single window clearance system. Further, availability of required infrastructure will be ensured in all districts for smooth functioning of this premium facility. These decisions were taken in a review meeting of Nivesh Mitra attended by infrastructure &amp; industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta on Friday with joint executive director, Udyog Bandhu, Kaushal Raj Sharma and senior officials of all the 12 departments in attendance.Taking stock of the status of investor applications filed through Nivesh Mitra, IIDC, Anil Kumar Gupta said, \"It is one of the priority objectives of the state government to ensure availability of web-based single window clearance system to entrepreneurs for time-bound disposal of investor applications and issuance of clearances within the specified timelines by all the departments concerned. Hence, wherever required government orders will be issued to root out the disparities in departmental provisions and that of Nivesh Mitra.\"Expressing satisfaction at the progress made in a time-bound disposal of applications by departments as a result of rigorous monitoring, Kaushal Raj Sharma said compared to last year, there has been a significant drop in pendency of applications beyond timeline fixed under Nivesh Mitra. Overall disposal of pendency beyond timeline have decreased to less than 1% this year till October. Scope of Nivesh Mitra was extended to all districts of state last month making it mandatory for small, medium &amp; heavy industries. However, for micro industries, applying online is optional. According to KS Prasad, officer in-charge of Nivesh Mitra at Udyog Bandhu, during the last one year, in all 39,533 industries registered through Nivesh Mitra, whereas 27,287 applications were received, of which 22,746 were cleared, 479 applications are pending within time limit at the department level, 145 are pending beyond time limit at department level. Number of applications rejected stands at 273.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "toronto", "code": "16978181", "title": "Imran Khan taken off US-bound plane in Toronto", "text": "TORONTO: Pakistani cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan was taken off a New York-bound plane here and claimed that he was questioned by American officials about his stance on US drone strikes in Pakistan.Khan, Chairman of the Pakistan Tehrik-i-Insaf () party, was questioned for about an hour late yesterday before he was allowed to travel by the US officials.\"I was taken off from plane and interrogated by US Immigration in Canada on my views on drones. My stance is known. Drone attacks must stop,\" Khan tweeted.\"Missed flight and sad to miss the Fundraising lunch in NY but nothing will change my stance. Still looking forward to meet family there,\" Khan said.Khan was headed to New York to attend a fundraiser organised by his party's US chapter in Long Island here. Earlier, Khan had intended to hold a demonstration outside the United Nations headquarters in protest of the US drone strikes on his country's soil.Meanwhile, president of Khan's party in New York Muzammil Anwar told that the rally was cancelled as it coincided with the festival of Eid and several supporters of Khan had cited their inability to participate in the demonstrations due to the Id celebrations on October 26.Anwar said Khan along with other party activists were taken off an American Airlines plane and questioned by US officials at Toronto's International Airport. On being questioned about his stance on drone strikes, Khan repeated his position that the drone strikes were killing innocents Pakistanis and that they were counterproductive, Anwar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16976601", "title": "Without the law, the victim is left to fend for himself", "text": "Opposing a good Samaritan law because it can be misused by people who have themselves hit others on the road is bad reasoning. Yes, it is possible that someone who greviously injures a person by running him over could then take the victim to hospital and use the law to not give his details.But how does that leave the investigators any worse off than if there were no such law? Such a person would in the existing situation simply not take the victim to hospital at all. It would become just another hit-and-run case, with the police as much in the dark. The key difference is that without the law, the victim is left to fend for himself; with it the chances are that someone will get him to hospital and perhaps save his life in the process.Related Story:  Good Samaritans' identities can't be kept secret: Centre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16974381", "title": "Drainage bursts, sewage floods road outside Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a harrowing time for the patients visiting Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) on Friday morning. Roads had flooded and large areas had turned slushy after a sewage pipeline broke down, making it a herculean task for the patients to enter the hospital.Many visitors to the hospital were caught in the water unawares as the entire area was filled with sewage water.The sewage line had developed cracks two days ago when a vehicle involved in construction at the hospital premises ran over it. Rain further caused the pipeline to break and the sewage water from the wards and college hostel gushed out of the pipeline on to the roads. Patients visiting the hospital to get the treatment, were scared of infection due to the accumulation of drain water.\"I did not know that the water on road was sewage water. I believed it would be rain water gushing out of the drain,\" said R Kishore, a resident of Kuniyamuthur, who came along with his relative to the hospital.\"It has been two days since the water started gushing out of the pipe; however, the hospital administration has done little to take any measure to fix the problem,\" said K Kanammal, who is attending a relative admitted in the hospital.The water is gushing out for the past two days, but the administration has done little to correct, she added.P Sivaprakasam, resident medical officer, CMCH says since construction work is on at the hospital, vehicles moving around the hospital have damaged the pipe. The rain has loosened the soil and the pipe underneath got damaged.He added, the workers have already fixed the problem and the water should take a few more days to clear out. Proper care is being taken to ensure the patients do not have to suffer, added Sivaprakasam.However, that is easier said than done. Monsoon season is the season for water-borne diseases. Many fear that the situation outside the CMCH could further complicate matters.Hundreds of visitors from across western Tamil Nadu visit CMCH. The least they expect is a clean hospital premise where they can be assured of decent treatment. Urgent action is needed to clear the sewage and make the road outside the hospital clean and fit for use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16974399", "title": "A funny weekend treat for city residents", "text": "COIMBATORE: Everybody loves a good laugh; and for those who are passionate about comedy, the biggest humour fest is just round the corner. Patrons can be assured of a good dose of the funnies at the 'Laughathon' which will be held at Hotel Le Meridien on Saturday evening. This is the sixth year of the festival which was conceptualized to promote comedy as a form of entertainment in the city. The festival is being organized by the Humour Society of Coimbatore in association with The Times of India and Kirtilal Group of Business Ventures.Various comic talents from across the country will be showcasing their skills, including stand-up comedians, members of comedy troops, mimicry specialists and cartoonists. Stand up comedian and performer Nitin Gupta will be the major attraction on the inaugural day. Nitin Gupta, better known as Rivaldo , will begin his performance at 5.45 pm. A Chemical Engineer from IIT Bombay and creator of the play, 'Love in December', he has performed on as many as 130 stages. He firmly believes that the state is a better medium than television. Artists from East India Comedy Show will also perform on Saturday. Sorabh Pant, Kunal Rao, Sapan Verma and Sahil Shah are some of the other participants, known for their contemporary political humour.Renowned comedian Vir Das , often known as the king of standup comedy in India, would be the main crowd puller of the event. He is scheduled to conduct an interactive program called 'Who Let The Das Out' on the second day. Apart from him, female artiste Aditi Mittal will also perform on Sunday. She has appeared on 'Phenking News' in CNN-IBN with Cyrus Broacha, and is a regular on Jay Hind, India's first online stand-up comedy show. It is the first time that all these artists will be performing in Coimbatore. Humour Society President Dr Lakshmi's contribution to the funnies is skit. Kovai Properties and Bacardi are the associate sponsors of the event. The programmes will begin at 5.45 pm on both days and end with dinner. Each donor pass for the two days is priced at Rs 1,500. Passes can be collected from Hotel Heritage Inn and Eldec-Sel near Brooke Fields Mall. Laughathon chairman Ramesh Nichani can be contacted at 9842212000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16975842", "title": "An aviary for endangered scavengers", "text": "PANCHKULA: Pinjore's internationally-famed vulture-breeding centre, on Friday, opened a huge aviary colony which would be capable of housing the endangered species of nature's most efficient scavengers.The aviary is 100feet x 40feet x 20feet in size and will accommodate vultures in a flock of 35-40 birds, and has solved problem of shortage of space for the growing number of vultures bred in captivity. There are 160 vultures of three critically-endangered species of which 46 are bred here.This vulture-breeding centre, set up in 2001, is jointly run by Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) and Haryana forest department. Chief wildlife warden R K Sapra told TOI that the long-billed vultures, which are over five years old and have reached adulthood, will be shifted from smaller aviaries to the bigger aviary. Sapra said that the department has constructed eight breeding aviaries in addition to the colony aviary.Principal Chief Conservator of Forests, Haryana, C R Jotriwal, who inaugurated the aviary, said this year, the most endangered slender-billed vulture eggs hatched in incubators and nestlings fledged successfully at the centre, which has happened for the first time.Principal scientist at the centre, Dr Vibhu Prakash, said though the veterinary use of Diclofenac is banned but the multi-dose vials of human formulations continue to be used in treating cattle, which is causing mortality in vultures. \"The vultures get exposed to Diclofenac when they feed on carcasses of animals and die within 72 hours,\" Vibhu said.Chief wildlife warden also said the release programme of vultures will begin from 2016 provided none of the veterinary drugs toxic to vultures used for treating cattle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16975631", "title": "Traffic challan amount to double soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Soon, traffic violators may have to deposit a hiked challan amount. Considering rules and regulations of the motor vehicles Act, 1988, 1989; Chandigarh traffic police are working on a proposal to double the challan money. This is being done to curb increasing traffic violations like rash driving, over-speeding and talking on the cellphone while driving.The proposal is being prepared by a committee of three police officers.SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary explained: \"The motor vehicles Act, 1988, was implanted around 24 years ago and challan rates have remained the same. We need to make some changes but within permissible limits.\" The decision of reviewing the challan money for various traffic offences was taken after a detailed discussion with DGP P K Srivastva.A senior traffic police officer said: \"A review of traffic challans issued in the past two years has revealed that in a majority of cases, some habitual offenders had been fined for the same offence more than three times. We expect that such drivers would be more cautious once the challan rates are increased.\"According to records, there are more than 500 habitual traffic offenders in Chandgarh, and most of them have been fined more than four times. Minor offences like helmetless driving, driving without seatbelt and smoking while driving attract a fine of Rs 300. And violations like driving without documents and rash driving attract a fine of Rs 3,000 at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974421", "title": "Maid held for killing another maid", "text": "CHENNAI: Police claimed to have solved the murder on September 29 of a maid at a doctor's house in Thiruvanmiyur, with the arrest of another maid on Friday. Police said Amudha (34) confessed to killing Lakshmi (67) and stealing her jewellery to repay debts.Amudha befriended the victim through her aunt, a maid at the house where Lakshmi was employed. Amudha, who noticed Lakshmi wearing jewels, decided to loot them. On September 29, she visited Lakshmi when she was alone and strangled her, police said. Amudha then stabbed Lakshmi and fled with jewellery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16973601", "title": "BJP rallies behind Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP, on Friday night, set at rest speculation about the fate of its President Nitin Gadkari, who is facing flak over the affairs of his company, by expressing its unanimous support to his continuance in office and dismissed media reports of his impending resignation as \"baseless and untrue\".\"Since Nitin Gadkari has himself offered to face any inquiry, the unanimous view of the party is that it is solidly behind him. All media speculation about his resignation are baseless and untrue,\" BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar told reporters.He was speaking after Gadkari held a meeting with the leader of the opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj , her Rajya Sabha counterpart Arun Jaitley , general secretary Vijay Goel and some of the spokespersons, including Javadekar.Earlier, soon after Gadkari arrived in Delhi from Nagpur on Friday evening, he called on L K Advani and held a one-on-one meeting with the veteran leader.Gadkari will also carry on with his scheduled programmes and appointments. He will leave for assembly poll-bound Himachal Pradesh to address election meetings today.Sources said though RSS has made it clear that it has nothing to do with the allegations over the corporate dealings of any individual and wants an impartial probe as well as punishment to the guilty, there should be no trial by the media.After putting all its support behind Gadkari, it would not like to buckle under pressure and give up. The mood is to wait and watch the outcome of the investigations.Certain sections of BJP are, however, of the opinion that a second term for Gadkari as party President may become untenable. But a clear picture is yet to emerge.The Purti Group company, with which Gadkari is associated and over which there are allegations of dubious funding , also issued a statement that it has been complying with requirements of laws from time to time and expected a fair inquiry by the ministry of corporate affairs.The company is facing a government probe into its funding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16976340", "title": "21-yr-old raped in Malihabad", "text": "LUCKNOW: A schedule tribe woman was allegedly raped late on Tuesday in Malihabad area, while she was on her way to home after attending a religious meeting (jaagran). The victim, 21-year-old Kumari (name changed) used to stay with her family at Bhulsi village in Malihabad area.The victim was allegedly approached by Pratap Yadav with the support of Babloo and Munna. While the involvement of three individuals in the act raises suspicions of gang-rape, police insisted that only one of the accused, Yadav was responsible for the act.The woman was allegedly, assaulted near flour mill and the three dragged her into a mango orchard around 11.15 p.m. on Tuesday to commit the act. The father of the victim makes grinding stones.Meanwhile, the police have registered a case under sections 376, 506 of the IPC and also under SC/AT Act. \"Charges amounting to rape and criminal intimidation have been pressed and investigations are underway,\" said Rajesh Singh, in-charge of Malihabad police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16975695", "title": "Malayalam Day to figure in a huge canvas", "text": "KOZHIKODE: District information office will organize a painting activity on 'what I have to say for my Malayalam' at Karaparamba Higher Secondary School on November 1, as part of Malayalam Day celebrations.Students and public can write their opinions or paint on the canvass.District collector K V Mohankumar will inaugurate the programme. Artist Paul Kallanode will speak.Poet M N Palur, who turned 90 years, will be felicitated at a function at Hotel Alakapuri on November 2.Poet P P Sreedharanunni will inaugurate the function. Deputy director (PRD) P Vinod will attend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16976062", "title": "Malaria cases decline with sharp slide in mercury", "text": "LUDHIANA: If figures are anything to go by, malaria seems to be loosening its grip on Ludhiana. Health officials attribute the fall in the malaria cases to the dropping temperatures over the past few days. While two to three cases of Malaria were common in a single day, city hospitals claim they have not received a single case in the last few days.Dr G L Avasthi, director medical sciences at SPS Apollo, said, \"The number of malaria cases have declined abruptly \u2014 till last week we used to see three to four cases in a day, but now for the last four days we have not received even a single case. This decline is clearly due to fall in temperature as the mosquito causing the disease cannot survive in the cold weather.\"Experts suggest that in the post monsoon around the fourth week of October, most parasitic infections decline. \"Malaria is a parasitic infection caused by plasmodium. During winter the mosquitoes carrying the parasite cannot breed or survive thus leading to a drop in cases,\" elaborated Dr Amit Berry, assistant professor of medicine at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital.Malaria is still a leading killer disease but the recorded achievements are quite impressive, indicating that India is moving in the right direction, opine experts. And agreeing with the same, Dr Kanwal Masih, medical superintendent at Christian Medical College and Hospital, said, \"This year malaria was not a huge problem as we noticed a decline in number of cases over the years. These days we receive around one to two cases in a week which is a much lower number as compared to the same time in previous years.\"Dr Anil Anil Verma, epidemiologist at the civil surgeon's office, said, \"This year 187 cases of malaria were reported from various areas of the city. From post areas around one to two cases, each, were reported from areas, including Model Town, Sarabha Nagar, BRS Nagar and Civil Lines.\"Sources in the health department said that in 2010 and 2011, the number of malaria cases was around 319 and 400, but this year till now the number is 187.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16973902", "title": "Crescendo is homecoming for ex-students", "text": "NAGPUR: College festivals are usually an opportunity to have fun and celebrate best moments of student life. However, at Crescendo, it is also about reliving some of these moments and evoking a feeling of homecoming for the ex-students and those who no longer stay in the city.Crescendo, the four-day intercollegiate festival being held on Tirpude Campus, witnessed a lot of old faces who had come to enjoy a little 'college air' on day two. \"I and Crescendo go back a long way. I used to come here as a student. And now when I am working, I have come back with a group to participate in the dance event,\" said Prateek Tiwari, an event manager.According to Prateek, one of the best things about Crescendo is that the organizing college doesn't take part in the various competitions. \"Hence, there is no scope for favouritism and the festival gives others a platform to showcase their talents,\" added Prateek.Shreyas Gawande, who is studying in Pune, has come to Nagpur especially for Crescendo. \"There are big festivals there too, but Crescendo is close to my heart because it has all the Nagpuri flavour,\" he said.As the evening set in, the crowd swelled to enjoy the band and dance events. \"We are participating for the first time in Crescendo, but we have heard quite a bit about it from our seniors. Till now, the festival has lived up to our expectations,\" said Manasi Joshi and Harshal Jain, who were participating in the dance event.But there were a few who were not much impressed. \"The organization is OK-OK and so is the crowd. But it is better than what I expected,\" said Rohit Bhandari, who had come for the football event.Similarly, another student Nikita Kothari was a little disappointed with the crowd. However, most of them were seen enjoying the evening. \"We enjoyed last evening's event, War of the DJ's,\" said Vaishali Rajput, an MBA student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16976669", "title": "Bihar to hold road show in Mauritius", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government has decided to organize a road show during the sixth regional Pravasi Bharatiya Divas convention commencing from Saturday in Mauritius. The road show is aimed at highlighting the 'Know Your Roots' campaign for the people of Indian origin (PIO). Close to 70% population of Mauritius is of Indian origin and almost 50% of Indians hail from Bihar.Before leaving for Mauritius, Bihar's tourism minister Sunil K Pintu said, \"Through the road show, we will welcome the Mauritians of Bihari origin to locate and visit their native land in Bihar.\" He added, \"Though most people of Indian origin speak Bhojpuri in Mauritius, the younger generation is getting more fluent in Hindi because of the influence of the popular Hindi film industry.\"During the show, Pintu will not only help youngsters from Bihar trace the origin of their ancestors but also spend some time to visit the cultural confluence and a lifetime of memories that the state offers to every traveller.\"Mauritius and Bihar have cemented their intent to work together. We will work with the Mauritius Tourism Promotion Authority to foster greater people-to-people contact between Mauritius &amp; Bihar,\" said an official.The road show, to be conducted by the department of tourism, Bihar, would consist of a meeting and briefing session with the tour operators of Mauritius, along with a photo exhibition that has been strategically hosted at the same venue as the plenary session of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas convention at the Mahatma Gandhi Institute at Moka. The two-day exhibition would showcase 50 celebrated tourist sites of Bihar.\"We will encourage them to visit Bihar for an enchanting journey that introduces them to the culture, food, wildlife, festivals and monuments of Bihar,\" said director, Bihar tourism, D K Srivastava. The exhibition is slated to be inaugurated by Pintu and Mauritian art and culture minister Mookhesswur Choonee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16974894", "title": "Gurgaon emerges a favourite venue for meetings, incentives, conferences, conventions and exhibitions", "text": "GURGAON: With Gurgaon playing host to many international events in the coming days, the hub of leading multinational companies is definitely in the international spotlight.Claiming its world-class status in the world of events, incentives and meeting planning, Gurgaon is already hosting a three-day World Economic Forum on India summit and 12th Indian Ocean Conference of Council of Ministers of 19 countries while a few other events are lined up in the coming months.With key facilities available in Gurgaon, it showcases plenty of unique venues with a mix of thoroughly modern facilities and first-class service. The hotel industry boasts of huge meeting spaces which can accommodate 1,000-plus guests and excellent arrangements for all type of corporate events.Sushant Palakurthi Rao, senior director, head of Asia, World Economic Forum, says, \"We are hosting this year's summit in the national capital region. Gurgaon is well placed as it is close to the political centre in Delhi and is increasingly an important commercial centre in its own right. In a way, it embodies the energy and ambition of India\".Similarly, another official from the ministry of external affairs said Gurgaon, being a hub of leading multinational companies with excellent infrastructure facilities, has been selected as the venue for holding the international conference.This is probably for the first time when any international body has decided to hold the event in Haryana. The WEF summit's theme this year would be \"from deliberation to transformation\" and around 600 participants, including 150 from overseas are expected to participate.Yogesh Kochhar, director, Strategic Engagements, Microsoft Corporation India, said predominance of large international companies, nearby international airport and availability of great hotels were the key features which attract international events. \"Enthusiasm and fast thought-process of the people of Cyber City is another trait required for making such events successful,\" he added.A senior official from the hotel industry said the meetings, incentives, conferences, conventions and exhibitions (MICE) industry in India were witnessing a definite upward curve. \"With the rising potential of the segment in India, Gurgaon hotels have established specialized verticals to grab international events of the MICE segment,\" he added.Apart from Gurgaon, other preferred venues are New Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Bangalore and Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978507", "title": "The fighters' club", "text": "They've battled fate, circumstances, grinding poverty \u2014 and won. A TOI special before Lakshmi Puja.They slept on the road. Went without food. Survived on water. Until one day, they woke up to find the goodness of fortune smiling on them. TOI brings you some real rags-to-riches stories. In filimi terms, total paisa vasool!Rudranil GhoshMy father was a school teacher in Howrah and mother, a homemaker. In those days, salary of school teachers used to be nominal. Baba was also an artist but in our locality, where good food was a luxury, he hardly found a student who would be interested in painting. So, running a family at such a low salary was extremely tough. I still remember how Ma used to cook snails and mollusks, that too once in three months, and I used take them for meat and enjoy them. Rice with starch and boiled potatoes used to be our staple food. At the end of the month, Ma would often skip meals so that she could serve us one more spoon of rice. She had taught us a trick. Before having a meal, we would drink two-three glasses of water as it killed the appetite. I was fortunate enough to have one school uniform. Every day Ma would wash it the moment I returned home from school. On rainy days, I used to wear the same school uniform.I would skip breakfast I have lost count of the number of times our neighbourhood cobbler had stitched my school shoes. Poverty was killing, so I decided to earn and contribute towards family expenditure. I started selling fish medicine, door to door, in our locality. I'd walk in order to save bus fare. Things started getting better on the home front.Not many are aware that painting is my passion and I have got more awards for it than acting. Once I decided to shift to Kolkata to try my luck in acting, I realized my complexion was a hindrance in getting me work. Tumi bete (short), tumi kalo (dark), tomake role deoa jabe na \u2014 was what I got to hear from producers and directors. I really had to work hard to prove my worth. Raj (Chakrabarty) and I hired a place where we stayed together. The room had only one light sans any fan. I still remember I used to carry home a few biscuits, which were given to me as snacks with tea during shoots. We purposely used to wake up at 12 noon to skip breakfast. We had those biscuits along with tea.Slowly, I started getting roles in serials and my acting skills got noticed. Things were looking up, steadly. Ashte ashte du bela khete petam, Ma ke aar na kheye thakte hoto na, ek jama protidin pora bondho holo, ghore fan lagano holo, mathar upor nijer chhad holo... It was a huge achievement for me! Though megaserials made me what I am today, I had to soon say no to small screen projects because it was teaching me wrong ways of acting. All emotions couldn't be expressed straight into the camera and not directed at the other person in the frame. I started trying my luck in films.Again, it was not easy to make your place among many. But the audience did appreciate my work and touchwood, I was flooded with offers. Today, my diary is booked for the next six months. By God's grace, I have a luxury car to drive; I can have food at five-star restaurants seven days a week. My whole house is air-conditioned. But fame and money haven't changed Rudra a bit. I still remember those days of struggle and I guess that's what keeps me grounded.Ashok DindaOur father happened to be a homeopathic doctor. I was in Class I when we lost him. He hardly had any savings. I was the youngest among the siblings. My three brothers \u2014 Pankaj, Saroj and Manoj \u2014 had no choice but to shoulder the responsibility of our family. While one went to Bangalore, the other went to Delhi looking for really menial jobs. As a kid I realized what poverty could do to people.I loved playing cricket. Since I could not afford a proper kit, I thanked my stars that I was a bowler. I had a pair of shoes and gloves someone had given me. I used to live in Naichanpur village, Midnapore, from where I would board a bus to Panskura at 5 am. From there, I used to take the 6.10 am train to Howrah. Then again, I would take a bus to wherever the match was being played. I had no place to stay in Kolkata. My mama used to live in Kudghat, so I would put up with him. My cousin sister took care of me, fed me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16974060", "title": "Tiny Tanvi dreams a giant leap", "text": "PANAJI: Tanvi Vargaonkar showed signs of taking to the track at just three.\"She could run very fast and we noticed the speed in her,\" says Anuradha, the 13-year-old Goa athlete's mother.Ten years down the line, Tanvi, seems to have justified the promise she showed as a toddler. In fact, she exudes the Olympic spirit Faster, Higher, Stronger, as she says : \"I want to do the long jump like Anju Bobby George (the Indian icon) and run as fast as Usain Bolt (the legendary Jamaican).\"The petite teen backs up here aspirations with hard work - running hard down the runway and giving it her all in the leap that follows, time after time. Her objective is crystal clear when she says: \"My dream is to win a medal at the Olympics and the Asian Games.\"Tanvi has clinched two gold medals in the long jump and triathlon at the West Zone meet and a silver in the triathlon at the 24th National Inter-Zone championship this year and last year bagged a bronze at the Junior National championships, apart from apart from a gold in the triathlon and silver in the long jump at the West Zone meet.Tanvi's parents roped in coach Vrunda Vernekar to tap and hone their daughter's latent talent five years ago and have been pleased with his tutelage.Vernekar, a middle distance runner with a haul of medals at the Nationals, is pleased with his ward's performance. \"She has improved a lot. She is very regular and takes a lot of interest,\" he says. \"She has leaped to a distance of 5.16m, and as compared to the seniors she is the best,\" gushes the coach.\"Her best 100m time is 11.4 seconds which is almost the same in training,\" said Vrunda .Tanvi,who turns 14 next month, feels that to improve she needs lots of competition. There are good coaches and facilities in Maharashtra. \"I went there for the camp and saw how the coaches train the athletes and there are synthetic tracks too,\" she adds\"Although there are good coaches in Goa as well, Maharashtra is far ahead because of good facilities. The dearth of facilities in Goa means that the coaches don't get the desired infrastructure as compared to Maharashtra,\" said Tanvi.Tanvi is gearing up for the 28th National Junior Athletics Championship starting on October 27 in Lucknow and is confident of winning a medal.She will then travel to Haridwar for the Inter-District championship starting on November 2.Blazing the track and clearing the pit, she may, but Tanvi has kept her feet firmly on the ground when it comes to academics. The Std VIII student of Jesus &amp; Mary Convent seems to carry her athletics form into the class room winning the 'star performer' and all-rounder trophies in studies even though athletics may seem a be-all-and-end-all in her career endeavours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16976003", "title": "Amazon posts first loss since 2003", "text": "Amazon.com Inc , the world's largest online retailer, reported revenue that missed analysts' estimates and posted the first quarterly net loss since 2003, hurt by higher expenses and its investment in LivingSocial.com.Third-quarter sales rose 27% to $13.8 billion, Amazon said in a statement on Thursday, less than the average analyst projection of $13.9 billion compiled by Bloomberg. The net loss was $274 million, or 60 cents a share, compared with net income of $63 million, or 14 cents, a year ago.Chief executive officer Jeff Bezos is opening 19 fulfillment centers worldwide to offer speedier delivery to customers during the holiday shopping season, contributing to a 28% increase in operating expenses. Amazon also boosted spending on technology and content by 55% as it added video streaming and released new Kindles. \"Amazon is spending a lot to gain market share ,\" said Sucharita Mulpuru, an analyst at Forrester Research Inc. \"They're obviously, as they call it, investing in the business -- everyone else would call it losing money.\"LIVING SOCIAL LOSSAmazon's third-quarter loss includes a charge of $169 million, or 37 cents a share, related to its stake in daily-deal website LivingSocial, which lost value as consumers and retailers soured on Internet coupons. Amazon invested $175 million in the coupon service in 2010, which means it has since lost 95% of its value, data compiled by Bloomberg show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16975873", "title": "Non-veg is no-no in scare zone", "text": "BANGALORE: It's been three days since Ramakka's family in Hesaraghatta had any chicken dish on the table. The post-Dasara non-vegetarian feasting had to be sacrificed and restricted to an all-vegetarian meal, thanks to the local gram panchayat's order to all poultry shops in the area to close down, following the 'bird flu' scare.Though they didn't show any signs of panic, residents of Hesaraghatta said they are taking precautions to avoid any untoward situation.\"All chicken shops have been closed in our village since Wednesday. Panchayat members informed us that some turkeys had died at the neighbouring Central Poultry Development Organization last week due to bird flu (hakki jwara) and it is likely to spread to other poultry birds,\" said Ramakka.A few houses away stays N Sridhar, owner of Sri Durga Chicken Centre. Sridhar is the sole breadwinner of a family of six and has lost business worth about Rs 10,000 in three days.\"I sell 50-100kg of chicken a day. On Sundays, sale goes up to 100kg. But this week, we were told to keep our shops shut till October 31. I earn about Rs 1,500-3,000 every day, which is just enough to feed my family and other expenses. If we close shop for a week, my monthly budget would go awry. I'm worried about the upcoming festivals, especially Diwali, when we need money in hand,\" said Sridhar.Naganna, a chicken shop owner, said there was no fear among the villagers about the disease. \"As a precautionary measure, we're not selling or eating chicken or any other poultry item. We don't know the truth behind this sudden scare, and there's no option but to follow the panchayat directive,\" he said.\"There has been no bird death or any other symptoms of the disease here as yet. But people are panicking after the panchayat announcement. We are more fearful of losing our livelihood than falling sick. Shutting shops for a week will hit us badly, as we earn most of our income during Dasara and Diwali,\" said Balaji (name changed), a chicken shop owner.FOWL PLAY?Hesaraghatta villagers suspect foul play in the incident.\"Early last week, there were no signs of bird flu. Suddenly on Tuesday, we were informed that over 4,000 turkeys died due to bird flu. Who knows what happened inside the institute, we have no access to it. We are forced to believe whatever the authorities tell us,\" said Nagendra S (name changed), a villager.AUTHORITIES TRY TO DOWNPLAY SCAREThe first reflex of the authorities to any sign of distress is to downplay the incident. Animal husbandry department officials told TOI there was no way mediapersons could go anywhere near Hesaraghatta as police have cordoned off an area 10km around the central institute.However, a TOI team found no police personnel or cordon in place at the Central Poultry Development Organization, situated 2km from Hesaraghatta.The CBDO premises bore a deserted look. The main institute as well as its turkey, emu, duck and chicken units were vacant on Friday evening. Only a few support staff and some locals were seen roaming on the grounds. Board on the many gates of the premises said 'Visitors are not allowed'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16980095", "title": "Rate chart for eunuchs in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The entire crisis has a way out. Here is another example in which Indoreans have weighed unique way to deal with increasing demands of eunuch in their mohalla.They have set fixed rate chart for paying to eunuchs who visit during wedding ceremony, child birth and other religious ceremonies.Fed up with the undue demands of the eunuchs, residents of Likmanya Nagar area have devised a unique way of dealing the issue, i.e. fixing rates of events given to the eunuchs.The initiative was taken by one retired principal of Bal Vinay Mandir and Ahilya Ashram School for Girls, Asha Waishampayan. She has faced the problem in her daughter's wedding when these eunuchs made undue demands, subsequently, created a scene.Waishampayan initiated along with the Mahila Lokmanya Nagar Bhagini Mandal, a informal organization of women.Talking to media, she said that everyone in the locality was troubled, but the problem didn't have any feasible solution. Even complaining to police was not the solution, she added.\"Another major question was that the eunuchs are also a part of our society and it's the question of their livelihoods,\" She said.The woman further said, \"We talked to the police officials of the local police station and called the leaders of the eunuch community. Then we had elaborate discussions with them and formulated a rate chart which was agreed upon with consensus.\"\"We also issued identity cards to the leaders of their communities, so that in case of any trouble issues could be sorted out. Now things are well set people are not facing any such problems,\" she said.Rate Chart for eunuchsOn marriage: Rs 1000On child birth: Rs 500On religious occasions: Between Rs 21 and Rs 51", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964776", "title": "Sehar, Chirag crowned Delhi\u2019s hottest fuchchas", "text": "Three floors of the Pacific Mall, Subhash Nagar, were full of spectators cheering on the finalists of the Clean &amp; Clear Delhi Times Fresh Face 2012.All through the three rounds - introduction, talent and, after an elimination, the judges' Q&A; - they rooted for their favourites. The finalists looked their best as they walked in designer outfits - funky ones from Bhootsavaar by Nitin Bal Chauhan in the first round, with the girls changing to elegant gowns from Schon by Sakshee Pradhan for the last leg. Amzadd and Sanam Habibb made sure they all looked their best in glam hairstyles and make-up. DJ Sumit Sethi and emcee Maddy kept up the tempo as the judges - Jackky Bhagnani, Nidhi Subbaiah, Nila Madhab Panda, Sunil Sethi and Anshul Chaturvedi - assessed the contestants. Jackky and Nidhi even came up on stage many times to dance with them, with Jackky showing off his cool moves to Boom Boom from Ajab Gazabb Love and Nidhi singing a song from the film.Finally, the names of the lucky six were announced - Divya Mishra and Maneet Singh (second runners-up), Intika Nangia and the irrepressible Shubham Chaturvedi (first runners-up), and Sehar Anand and Chirag Khatri (winners). Chirag and Shubham couldn't help jumping up in glee and pumping the air with their fists!The Clean &amp; Clear confidence round had the judges assess the girls on block and tackle - if the emcee said 'tackle', the girls had to speak on the given topic, and if he said 'block', they had to speak against it. Finally, the top three girls were given hampers by Anushree Dewen, product manager, Johnson &amp; Johnson. They all had reason to be excited - after all, they go to the finals in Mumbai, and the two girls who win the contest get a chance to become the face of Clean &amp; Clear! Check out the pictures of this glamorous evening on www.itimes.com.'They're lucky to get the right kind of exposure so early'We actors strive for media attention, and these guys have the media supporting them already. I wish I had this when I was in college. - Jackky Bhagnani, actor, Ajab Gazabb LoveThis is a great platform, and I'm very impressed. I think Chirag has what it takes to be a model, while Shubham is a complete entertainer. Sehar certainly has the X factor needed for showbiz. - Nidhi Subbaiah, actor, Ajab Gazabb LoveIt is a fantastic way to bring out talent in people who are interested in modelling or acting. The students should feel lucky that they are getting such a great platform and the right kind of exposure so early. - Nila Madhab Panda, director, I Am Kalam and Jalpari: The Desert MermaidOne thing I noticed was that all of them were great dancers and nobody was shy on the stage. The good thing about this contest is that anybody who is a fresher can participate and everyone gets a fair chance. This Times initiative has made so many people happy and proud. - Sunil Sethi, president, FDCIIt was wonderful working with Times and the girls. They were a breath of fresh air. Even though they're young and just in college, they have immense potential. They were all poised, composed and very aware of themselves. - Sakshee Pradhan of Schon, who did the girls' gownsThe contestants were very confident; they knew what they wanted to wear and how they wanted to look. This is such a wonderful platform for youngsters to break the ice from school to college and arrive in style. - Nitin Bal Chauhan of Bhootsavaar, who did the boys' outfits and some for the girlsEk sher hai - 'tarakki usse kehte hain jaake pooch patthar se, pade thay toh patthar thay, taraashaa toh khuda nikle.' These kids are also making the journey from teenage to a fashionable, glamorous maturity. - Amzadd Habibb, hairstylistAanchal Tuli, Chandna Arora, Kashika Saxena and Saloni Bhatia", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "16973849", "title": "Farmer commits suicide", "text": "WARDHA: A 50-year-old farmer committed suicide by jumping into a well in his farm in Ratnapur village in Deoli tehsil, on Thursday evening.According to the villagers, Subhash Bhagawat may have taken the extreme step as he was not able to pay back the Rs75,000 loan that he had taken from Bank of India, Bhidi branch.He is survived by two daughters and a son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16978217", "title": "'Canon eyeing top spot in inkjet printer market by 2015'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Canon is aiming to be the leader in the country's inkjet printer market by 2015, a top official claimed.\"With the new exciting range of printers and innovations coming from Canon, we aim to be No. 1 in India by 2015,\" Canon's Group Executive for Inkjet Product Operations Hideaki Fukai said in a statement.The company today launched of imaging software 'My Image Garden' for its PIXMA range of inkjet printers.\"Printers at home are being looked at as a lifestyle product and consumers would like to do more with their inkjet printers than just simple print. With the new applications that Canon has introduced, consumers can create innovative 3D arts, photo albums, photo frames among others\" Fukai said.Canon India's Senior Vice President Alok Bharadwaj said that Canon has seen growth by 30 per cent in Inkjet category by year to date.\"With strong marketing initiatives our market share has jumped to 22 per cent in Q3 2012. This domain is vital for our future plans and we are aiming to reach 25 per cent in the year 2013. We are putting all our efforts to take market leadership by the year 2015,\" Bharadwaj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16975374", "title": "ISB not eligible to offer management education", "text": "HYDERABAD: As many as 43 colleges from the state were listed under the 'unapproved' category of All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) on Friday. Among the big names that have figured on the list are the Indian School of Business , Badruka Institute of Foreign Trade, Indian Institute of Planning and Management and CYGMAX Institute of Management Studies (part of ICFAI university, Tripura). Officials at ISB said AICTE doesn't approve any one-year programmes which it offers, but that hasn't affected the school's functioning.Most colleges in the list are management schools apart from six engineering colleges that too have featured in it. As per AICTE norms, the 43 educational institutions will not be allowed to take fresh admissions and also the degrees granted to the existing students will be considered invalid. As per the state's department of technical education, which was updated with the list on Friday, most of the colleges, including ISB, had not approached AICTE for approval in the first place. Most institutions are running one-year management programmes which are not approved by AICTE. Officials maintained that this has been a recurring issue year after year. \"All that the institutions need to do is approach AICTE with a proposal for approval,\" said Ajay Jain, commissioner, technical education.Meanwhile, ISB officials said that their management programme was one of the best in the country which has gained popularity over a decade and an AICTE stamp does not hold much value to them. \"Ever since its inception in 2001, ISB has been running a one-year management programme. While over the past few years other institutions, including IIMs, have emulated this model, AICTE has been maintaining that they do not approve of one-year management degrees. We have been in touch with the AICTE officials, but we have got a global accreditation called AACSB,\" said an ISB spokesperson. The AICTE list might not affect the admissions in most of the listed institutes as almost all of them have completed their admissions for the year. The department of technical education maintained that none of the colleges which were part of the Eamcet and Icet counselling were listed by AICTE.However, observers said that 18 of the institutes listed are those which need to take affiliation from various universities in the state. \"Most of the listed institutes charge Rs 2-3 lakh as tuition fee per year. Criminal cases can be booked against them for being fraudulent entities. But the state government has not been taking a proactive role in booking cases against these institutions,\" an official rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16975081", "title": "Gadkari investor company registered in Nerul flat linked to Bhujbal", "text": "Three months ago, BJP leader Kirit Somaiya led journalists to a flat in a Nerul, Navi Mumbai (pictured) housing society, claiming NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal used this address to operate a money-laundering business. On Friday, the same location emerged as the address of Westline Trading, a firm shown as one of the major stakeholders in Wainganga Sugar &amp; Power, a part of BJP president Nitin Gadkari's Purti GroupA flat in Bhayander has been shown as the address of two shareholding companies in Wainganga Sugar &amp; Power. The flat-owner told TOI he had taken Rs 2,000/month to allow \"some firms\" the use of his property as their official addressAnother \"office\" in Masjid Bunder has been shown as the address of two of Wainganga's shareholding firms. The office is shop number 26 in a building on Yusuf Meher Ali Road; the four-storeyed building ends with shop number 25Investigations by TOI across localities in Mumbai and two of its satellite areas, Bhayander and Nerul, have revealed a web of deceit spun around the functioning of Wainganga Sugar and Power Ltd, one of the nine entities that make up the controversial Purti Group of companies linked to BJP chief Nitin Gadkari.Gadkari has said he resigned as Purti Group chairman last year and now holds only a minor percentage of shares.But, of all the three of Friday's revelations, what may embarrass Gadkari's party the most is the Nerul connection. First, it was a BJP leader, who has championed many of these corruption issues in Maharashtra, who took the media on a guided tour of the Nerul property to highlight a Congress ally's \"misdeeds\" three months ago. And, second, one property becoming a common link between the alleged corrupt practices of an NCP leader and the BJP's national president has the potential to raise uncomfortable questions about the links between leaders of two apparently feuding parties.BJP leader Somaiya on Friday said he could not comment immediately as he was travelling. \"I am in an interior part of Maharashtra and it's difficult for me to communicate well as I am travelling,\" he said.The occupants of the building (who TOI had spoken to when the Bhujbal controversy had broken) told this paper on Friday they were \"doubly\" surprised at their address being liberally used by firms they were not even aware of. The family of four, residing at the rented flat (B-409, Coral Crest, Nerul East), in Sector 23, said they had nothing to do with either Bhujbal or Gadkari. \"We find it surprising and funny how our Nerul address is listed to firms linked to Gadkari or Bhujbal,\" one occupant said. One of the share allottees of Wainganga Sugar &amp; Power Ltd is named Westline Trading Pvt Ltd, whose address is given as this flat in Nerul. Westline Trading had reportedly paid an amount of Rs 6 lakh to procure 60,000 shares of Wainganga Sugar &amp; Power Ltd, according to documents signed by its director, Sarang Gadkari.Somaiya had alleged on July 23 that this same Nerul flat was the base for a firm indulging in a money-laundering scam and the firm was linked to Bhujbal. Bhujbal vehemently denied any wrongdoing.Bhayander resident Dilip Sinha's property at A/403 Vidisha Shanti Niketan Complex on Mira Bhayander Road has been shown as the offices of Apeak Infotech Pvt Ltd and Jasper Commerce Pvt Ltd, which hold shares in Purti Group's Wainganga Sugar &amp; Power Ltd. He told TOI on Friday his residential address was being used as addresses for a dozen companies since 2008 for Rs 2000 a month. He claimed he could not recall the names of the companies but admitted to having received money till 2009. The jewellery designer also added that he was trying to push these firms out but without success.Two other shareholder companies-Yogesh Projects Private Limited and Amply Infotech Pvt Ltd-are shown as operating from Shop No 26, Zahira Mansion, 3rd floor, 260/268 Yusuf Mehar Ali Road, Mumbai-3. The building does exist but the series of shops ends with Room No 25. \"Room No 26 does not exist. I have never heard of these companies,\" said a businessman operating from the third floor for over \"three decades\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16980019", "title": "Kagwad wettest in Karnataka as southwest monsoon recedes", "text": "MANGALORE: Kagwad in Athni taluk of Belgaum district recorded maximum rainfall of 16mm in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am in Karnataka on Saturday. Rainfall over Karnataka in these 24-hours is considered as isolated since one per cent of the hoblis and gram panchayaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm, V S Prakash, director, Karnataka State Natural Disaster Monitoring Centre, Bangalore stated.Rainfall was isolated in six districts, and negligible in 24 districts. South-west monsoon was weak in all 30 districts. Moderate rain was recorded in three districts, light rain in three others; very light rain in 16 districts, and no rain in eight districts. Isolated, light to moderate rain was received in Gulbarga, Belgaum, Bijapur, Raichur, Uttara Kannada, and Bagalkot districts. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Karnataka for the period June 1 to October 27 has recorded deficit rainfall of 28%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 960.8mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, the state recorded rainfall of 690.2mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on October 27, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 0.2mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 4.4mm, a deficit of 95%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16975962", "title": "Gujarat BJP dumps Nitin Gadkari, \u2018star campaigner number 1\u2019", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat BJP, which had listed party president Nitin Gadkari as its star campaigner No. 1 in a list of 39 names submitted before the Election Commission of India , does not want him to campaign for the assembly elections, lest his presence in Gujarat gives ammunition to the Congress to be used against the Narendra Modi government which is projecting a corruption-free image before the voters.Hours after the RSS distanced itself from Gadkari on Friday, the BJP president offered to resign. While the party high command will take a final call in coming days, state BJP leaders are keenly watching the developing situation in Delhi, as Gadkari is scheduled to make his first election tour of Himachal Pradesh on Saturday. Indications are that Gadkari is unlikely to go there, as his party position itself is in peril.Gadkari's name was placed ahead of L K Advani's in the controversial list submitted to the EC last week, which had many notable omissions including the entire Bihar unit of BJP. \"We listed Gadkari as our No. 1 campaigner because he is party president, otherwise everyone knows Modi is the only star campaigner in Gujarat,\" said a BJP leader.Though Modi and Gadkari had patched up during the BJP's national executive in Mumbai in May 2012, they have had a stormy relationship, mainly over the issue of Sanjay Joshi. Modi had boycotted the previous national executive meeting in New Delhi in September 2011 to protest over Joshi being made in-charge of the campaign for Uttar Pradesh assembly elections.Modi had made an excuse that he did not attend last year's national executive because he does not travel out during Navratris, but he did fly down during the Navratris last week to Nagpur to hold confabulations with the top brass of Rashtriya Swayansevak Sangh. Gadkari had made amends with Modi just before the Mumbai meet by stripping Joshi of all party positions and barring him from attending the national executive.The Modi camp in New Delhi, led by Arun Jaitley , has so far maintained a silence on the controversy surrounding the dubious businesses of Gadkari, while another key Modi ally and legal adviser Ram Jethmalani has openly asked the BJP chief to step down.Speaking on the issue, Gujarat Congress president Arjun Modhwadia said, \"With what face will BJP's star campaigner number 1 will now come to Gujarat? Gadkari should in fact learn from Modi on how to indulge in corruption and not get caught.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16975332", "title": "'Such meets also help nation develop'", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh government has taken an ambitious initiative to attract investors from national and international level for setting up industries in various sectors like IT, textiles, pharma, automobile engineering, service sector and others in Madhya Pradesh. The state is rich in natural resources and has both the technical and commercial manpower available. The state is also growing fast in terms of infrastructural development like road, electricity, communication and others.Formation of an apex body headed by chief minister for promoting investment in the state and announcement of single window contact point of chief minister himself is highly appreciable.In addition to this, the state government has successfully brought in transparency by introduction of new amendments and policies in forest, IT, waste land , industries etc, and it has encouraged investment. State government's move to give tax exemption and subsidy policy is also attracting the investors.Global investors meet is being organized since 2007. The first phase of \"Destination Madhya Pradesh\" culminated with Global Investors Meet at Indore, in which investors from around the world participated. As per my knowledge, around Rs 1,20,541 crore worth MoUs were signed on the occasion.Organizing such type of meets by the state government not only benefits the state, but also the nation. They generate huge employment opportunity which directly and indirectly supports overall development of the residents of the state.As far as automobile sector is concerned, state government should come up with policies to encourage SMEs in order to develop a good supply base for the automobile manufacturer which is very important for any automobile hub.Chakan-Talegaon belt of Pune has emerged as one the biggest hubs of automobile mainly because of its huge supplier base. It is the cluster of SMEs, most of which cater specifically to the needs of the manufacturers.In Indore, along with attracting big companies, the state government should also focus on development of supplier base by encouraging SMEs manufacturing auto products like clutch components, gear component, brake component, shaft, axles, valves, engine component, electrical components etc. This will help Indore to emerge as major auto hub in the country.Managing director, MPAKVN, Manish Singh has confirmed that there is 30,000 acre of clear land bank available for allotment to investors and other 30,000 acre is under acquisition. And industries are upbeat about it.Especially the MPAKVN, Indore, the co-operation from Manish Singh, MD and his team is industrial friendly and appreciable.(Author is senior vice-president and plant head of Mahindra Two Wheelers Ltd at Pithampur)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16975387", "title": "VHP, Bajrang activists block roads, caned in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: A group of right-wing activists blocked roads and indulged in stone-throwing in Old Hubli on Friday to protest against alleged police atrocities against four activists.To control the situation and disperse the crowd, police resorted to lathicharge, in which one person sustained injuries. Around 2.45am on Friday, four activists - Shivayya Hiremath, Manju Terdal, Kiran Tadasi and Annappa Dharwad, said to be from the VHP and Bajrang Dal - stopped a truck transporting cattle near Nekar Nagar.The vehicle was coming from Mishrikoti in Kalghatagi taluk. Three or four people who were in the truck fled the scene, leaving the vehicle behind. The activists tried to drive it and allegedly rammed it into a hotel, and ran away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16974931", "title": "Review new power tariffs: Industries", "text": "NOIDA: Industries of Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad, under the aegis of UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhokta Parishad (UPRVUP), a power consumers' forum, filed a review application with the Uttar Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) on Thursday to consider lowering of hikes in power tariffs announced on October 19.The consumers' forum UPRVUP, which comprises several other industries' bodies of Uttar Pradesh apart from various chapters of the IIA, has alleged that the decision of the state government to impose hiked tariffs on industrial and commercial sectors with retrospective effect is in violation of the Electricity Act, 2003. \"The retrospective date imposed on consumers for paying hiked charges violates section 64 (4) of the electricity act,\" said president of UPRVUP, Avadesh Kumar Verma.Officials of various chapters of the Indian Industries Association (IIA) in UP-NCR region informed that the new tariff regime would result in increase of electricity costs ranging between 30-35% for various categories of industries.\"This violates other sections of the electricity Act which stipulates the maximum hike at no more than 20% of existing rates,\" said Manjula Mishra, chairperson of IIA-Noida.The Ghaziabad chapter of the IIA informed that around 70 iron furnace and rolling mills industries mostly in Ghaziabad and nearby areas have shut operations due to the immediate impact of the imposition of the new tariff regime with retrospective effect from October 1.\"Increase in price of iron and steel rods would have a cascading effect on the construction industry, which uses these products as raw materials. Due to the shutdown, aggregate turnover losses of around Rs 200 crore are being reported each day,\" said Neeraj Singhal, chairman of IIA-Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974696", "title": "Techie returns home to a warm welcome", "text": "MUMBAI: Hundreds of people lined Subhash Road in Vile Parle as Bhavesh Parmar arrived home after an eight-year absence on Friday. Neighbours and friends offered garlands and aarti at his Kamla Terrace apartment building.The 32-year-old software engineer has been released from Lahore Central Jail in Pakistan, having served time for crossing the border in an illegal way.Amid the warm comfort of family and friends, Bhavesh's mother Hansaben told TOI, \"We have not breathed a word about his time in Pakistan or asked how he got there. There is time for all that. Let the doctors and counsellors draw him out. The only comment Bhavesh made upon arriving home was why The Times of India wrote about his release. He has no idea of the international dimensions of his imprisonment.\"Those who witnessed Hansaben's reunion with her son at the Wagah border on Thursday could not help noticing that her tears were met by a quiet half-smile, that her son did not lift his arm to reciprocate her embrace. The mother was only grateful that Bhavesh recognized her after eight years.Bhavesh's sister Kamini and her in-laws arrived for a family reunion. After years, the family picture that had a void in its heart was complete. But amid it, Bhavesh sat silent and expressionless. \"He has spoken little since he arrived, and he was once so talkative,\" Kamini said. \"Even if he came home from work around midnight, he would wake me up for a chat before he went to bed.\"Kamini's husband said the turning point in the struggle came when Vile Parle MLA Krishna Hegde intervened on their behalf. On Thursday, Hegde took Hansaben to Wagah. \"On the way, we made a detour to the Golden Temple to pray for Bhavesh. I am happy he is back but a lot of work remains to be done. If he needs counselling or medical treatment, we will make sure he receives it, and six months later perhaps, we can rehabilitate him by finding him a job,\" Hegde told TOI.Residents of Kamla Terrace, a colony that was once a chawl, played a vital role in the outcome. Kamlesh Shah accompanied Hansaben to government offices. Devendra Shah and his son Samir handled her correspondence, while the elderly Shardaben sat with her in prayer every day. They were all there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975245", "title": "Delhi's Sunder Nagar, Bengali Market set to become taller", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what will be the first move to relax Lutyens' Bungalow Zone (LBZ) norms, privately held properties in Bengali Market, Golf Links, Bharti Nagar and Sundar Nagar are likely to be allowed uniform redevelopment that irons out existing anomalies.The freeze imposed by LBZ regulations has imposed differing floor area ratios (FARs) in these super exclusive areas in central Delhi with some properties stunted in comparison to others. Now, the government plans to apply the \"ground plus two floors\" rule for all private properties in these colonies.A New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) survey of 2007-08, detailing unequal development of private property, was validated by recent on-the-spot visits by ministry of urban affairs officials. The proposal to relax FAR is seen as a prelude to hiking FAR for bungalows throughout LBZ to allow an additional floor.Government sources said the urban development ministry has prepared a plan to allow three storeys on residential plots in these colonies and the approval of the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) will soon be sought.Changed norms of pockets of existing private development are also seen as the first step to reconsider the boundaries of the LBZ that the ministry has shied away from in view of strong reservations of planners and conservationists.\"Though there are two other major issues \u2014 increasing bungalow FAR and reworking the limits of LBZ \u2014 we are at present looking at removing anomalies in these four colonies. This will ensure efficient use of land,\" an official said.Records show restrictions on FAR has been a sore point for residents and house owners in these areas as the constructions were not envisaged as part of Lutyens' Delhi since these colonies came up after 1947. It is felt that these properties should be allowed the normal ground plus two-storied residential construction.The divergence was caused by the inclusion in 1988 of Golf Links and Bengali Market in the originally delineated LBZ boundary. In 1997, all of Golf Links and the residential part of Bengali Market were deleted from LBZ boundary only to be re-included in 2003. In that year, residential areas of Sunder Nagar and all of Bengali Market and Golf Links became part of LBZ.The NDMC survey highlighted how some buildings had three floors whereas others were only a ground floor. \"Once this anomaly is removed there will be redevelopment with uniform development control rules. Better planned buildings of the same height can come up,\" said Sudhir Vohra, architect and urban planner.Sources said once cleared, the UD ministry will take up the case of FAR increase of bungalows with private bungalow owners pushing for higher FAR, while authorities have their reservations.In another major development, sources said Delhi Development Authority (DDA) is issuing final notification for higher FAR for all motels - from 15 to 175. Though earlier there were proposals to relax this FAR for motels located only in commercial areas and on other facility corridors (OFCs), now the government will extend the norm to all motels across the city.UD ministry sources said DDA is also inviting suggestions and objections to its farmhouse regularization policy and there is a plan to regularize all such properties in the national capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16975658", "title": "No salary for 2,300 para teachers before Eid", "text": "JAIPUR: The Eid-ul-zuha celebrations may not bring in cheer for 2300 madrassa para teachers in the state who are yet to receive their salary for September.After receiving flak from the state government over recruitment scam, the state madrassa board has now drawn the ire of para teachers for failing to release their salary on time.The state has 5,000 para teachers who teach basic subjects-Urdu, Hindi and English at the madrassas.While the lucky ones managed to get their salary on Friday evening, for the rest the wait for salary is likely to spill over to the next week. Most of these teachers stay in rural areas and access to banks and ATMs is not easy.A madarsa para teacher's salary starts at Rs 3,500 and goes up to Rs 5,900 a month, which is among the lowest for government jobs.Nisar Kiamkhany, a para teacher living in Jaipur said, \"I am not in a position to buy new clothes for my children during Eid. The board is not serious towards releasing our salaries on time.\"The board, however, has passed the buck on to district minorities' officers for not submitting the attendance sheet of para teachers on time. \"The delay in submission of the attendance sheet has led to delay in disbursing the salaries,\" said Maulana Fazle Haq, chairman, madrassa board.The para teachers get the salary by the 10th of every month. Following the recruitment scam, the administrative work was put on a backburner.Board secretary, Usman Ghani, who is awaiting posting orders was called on Friday to release the salary vouchers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16979867", "title": "Samuthirakani sets his eyes on Sandalwood", "text": "Samuthirakani has made a name for himself in all the four southern film industries. The Naadodigal director, who has wrapped up the shoot of the Jayam Ravi-starrer Nimirndhu Nil, is now gearing up for his second Kannada film. The director begun his Sandalwood career with Yaare Koodagadli , which has Power Star Puneeth Rajkumar, is yet to hit the screens but the actor has already zeroed in on his second Kannada film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16974301", "title": "Kumar Utsav from Monday", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Kumar Utsav, an annual cultural festival, will begin from October 29. Organised by the Shrikhetra Youth Cultural Association, the extravaganza is aimed at promoting the art and culture of different states. Traditional, folk and modern artistes from across the country will perform at the three-day open-air event on Puri beach.Bollywood playback singer Kunal Ganjawala and his troupe are also scheduled to perform on the concluding day. \"Apart from dance forms of our state, artists from Punjab, Assam and Jharkhand would stage their traditional dance and music,\" said Santosh Satpathy, general secretary of the association. \"There will be an Ollywood night on October 30 where popular Odia numbers will be sung by budding singers,\" Satpathy said.The beach town will also host the International Puri Beach Festival from November 23-29. The event, being organised by Puri Hotel Association (PHA), will provide a unique platform to showcase the majestic art, craft, cuisine and dance forms of different states and countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16973829", "title": "Directors and addresses of holding companies changed", "text": "NAGPUR: In a sudden development, the directors and addresses of 18 shareholding companies of the Nitin Gadkari-promoted Purti Power and Sugar Limited (PPSL) have been changed. The move has come in the last 5-6 days. The BJP national president had resigned as chairman of Purti 14 months ago and now holds just 310 shares.A quick study of the papers available from the ministry of corporate affairs website reveals that a new lot of directors have simply replaced the old one. The same goes for the new addresses.Manoj and Ankit Chandak of Kolkata, who figured in 11 companies as directors, have been replaced by Ravi Sharma and Shivam Sharma of Mumbai, who reside at Ghodbunder Road (Thane) and Powai, respectively.The dubious addresses of Dube Chawl, Salasar SRA (both on Andheri-Kurla Road), Somani Marg (Fort), Motlibai Wadia Building (Fort) and Ramabai Pant Nagar (Ghatkopar) too have been changed. The companies have now been 'shifted to' Gupta Compound, Louiswadi, Thane; Lalsheth Compound, Bhandup (West); Damji Shamji Trade Centre, Vidya Vihar (West).Strangely, the four companies which exited - Vidya Buildcon Pvt Ltd, Sanobar Infrastructure, Roller Multi-trade and Anantika Infrastructure - in 2010 too reflected changed addresses on the MCA website. However, the Kandois of Kolkata, who have allegedly gone underground according to television reports, continue to remain as directors.Gadkari's close associates - driver Manohar Panse, diwan Kawdu Zade, Purti staffers Nishant Agnihotri and Sagar Kotwaliwale - who were directors in 16 of the holding companies no longer figure among the new directors. After they resigned in 2010, the Chandaks replaced them. Now, in the current list, the Sharmas have come in.The email id of rajsharma54@yahoo.com, which was common to several companies, too has been changed to csd.dept@gmail.com, mumbaicompany@yahoo.com and nitesh9803@yahoo.com. The original e-mail id does continue in some companies.Corporate law experts call it a sloppy cover-up attempt especially as there has no attempts made to find different and new directors as well as different addresses. \"In the eyes of law, changing directors and addresses do not change the identity of the company, which is considered a separate entity on its own. So, if the promoters feel that by changing the address and directors the authorities can be misled, they are mistaken because the entire chain of events have to be recorded at the MCA,\" said the expert.As per information given by Purti MD Sudhir Dive, the company has, apart from the Ideal Road Builder Pvt Limited, 18 other shareholding companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16974874", "title": "Lack of signals adding to traffic woes", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation has admitted that the ongoing construction of BRTS corridor is creating inconvenience to commuters as traffic goes haywire in the absence of traffic lights, zebra crossing and pedestrian lights.\"There are no proper zebra crossings and stop lines at any junction having traffic signal here,\" Mansi Kedare, Nupur Ansari and Ramya Krishnan, pedestrians said. \"Movement of vehicles is haphazard and no rules are being followed while the vehicles turn round the rotaries, \" they added. \"The most interesting part is that the rules are violated right in front of traffic cops\", Mansi said.\"There are over a dozen junctions in the city which require overhauling for smooth flow of traffic.\"We agree that lack of proper pedestrian signals and zebra crossing is creating a lot of inconvenience for commuters and the pedestrians, but we are waiting for BRTS work to get completed, so that once the roads are ready, then we can draw stop lines and zebra crossing at all the junctions with traffic signals,\" BMC additional commissioner Pramod Shukla told TOI. \"Till then we are helpless,\" he added.\"The BMC is installing 26 traffic signals at major squares across the city, out of which 16 have already been installed,\" Shukla said. \"This work can be done only after the uprooted roads are fixed soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16976064", "title": "Lecturer duped by fraudsters for Rs 11.5 lakh in Ghatlodia", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A college lecturer was duped by his neighbour for Rs 11.5 lakh on the pretext of a lucrative investment. The lecturer has filed a complaint for cheating and breach of trust with Ghatlodia police.According to a complaint by Hemant Patel, a resident of Vishwa Residency, Gurukul Road, Memnagar, he came in contact with Kamlesh Padhiyar, a resident of the same building who talked him into making a good investment in a plotting scheme at Bhadaj village near Daskroi in Ahmedabad district. Padhiyar then introduced him to Navin Mistry, a resident of Chanakyapuri and Raju Desai, a resident of Anand, both working as land agents.\"From September 2010 to July 2012, the trio got a total of Rs 11.50 lakh from Patel on various pretexts like documentation, taking permission from the local panchayats and paying the notary and other government fees. When Patel did not get the registration and documents related to his ownership even after two years, he got suspicious and went to check the authenticity, when he realized that he was duped by the trio. He demanded his money back and was threatened by the trio to not take any action,\" said a Ghatlodia police official.Police have sought the payment details and have started search for the trio named in the complaint. \"We are also probing whether they have been involved in any land frauds earlier,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "centurion", "code": "16978267", "title": "We're lucky to be in CLT20 final: Steve Smith", "text": "CENTURION: Sydney Sixers' all-rounder Steve Smith said his team is lucky to sneak into the Champions League Twenty20 final after fortunes swung like a pendulum in its semifinal clash against Titans.Sixers won the battle of nerves against the Titans here last night. Needing eight runs from the final over to reach the target of 164, Sixers' Pat Cummins steered the team home for a bye off the last delivery as the Big Bash Champions won the most thrilling match of an otherwise drab Twenty20 competition.\"The Titans were terrific opposition and they played great cricket throughout the tournament. It's just that we were lucky to sneak home in the end,\" said Smith.\"We started beautifully with the bat; we were flowing and had 70-odd runs in seven overs, chasing 164. We were cruising before the fall of wickets put us on the back foot. There were a few occasions where we struck back in and they got back into it again. There was never any moment where we thought we had the match in our hands.\"We did our best to let them back in the game and it was a very tight finish. You couldn't have asked for a better spectacle. We just managed to scrape back home in the end,\" he added after his team's two-wicket win off the last ball.The Sixers will hardly have any time to recover from this humdinger of a match before they focus on the big final on Sunday against Highveld Lions of South Africa.This will be the second contest between the two finalists in this tournament, the first being won the Australian side by five wickets, at Newlands. Smith believes that result will give them an edge.\"They're a quality side and have played very well so far. The fact that we have defeated them in the tournament once, will give us a little bit of extra confidence going into the match,\" he said.\"For us it's just about going back to the basics and playing smart cricket. If we play the way we know we can play, we'll be right there at the end of this tournament,\" he added.Smith, however, cautioned that the side needs to guard against becoming over-confident.\"The complacency can creep in sometimes but we are here to do a job and there's no point losing focus after reaching this stage. We have done well so far and we want to end up winning the big prize,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16975351", "title": "Capital city in post-puja mess", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The capital city was a picture of squalor on Friday after the immersion. Heaps of garbage and mounds of puja remnants littered the roads and puja pandals despite claims of Bhubaneswar Municipality Corporation (BMC) before the puja to maintain cleanliness.Several puja committees waited for BMC-engaged sweepers to clean the areas. The areas near Ravi Talkies, Sahid Nagar, Bhouma Nagar, Nayapalli, Rasulgarh and Jharpada puja pandals were strewn with food packets, remnants of decoration materials and polythenes.Nearly 460 metric tonnes (MT) of solid waste is generated on any given day in the city while during and after the puja, an additional 170 MT of solid waste is generated, said sources. \"BMC had promised to clean the garbage after Dashami and immersion. Our puja committee had engaged some people to clean the decoration remnants but other things like dry food packets and polythenes remained uncleared,\" alleged Narayan Mohapatra, secretary of Sahid Nagar Puja Committee.\"It will take some time to clean the pandal areas and the roads,'' said BMC mayor Anant Narayan Jena. \"We had deployed sweepers at crowded and big pandals to clean the area on a daily basis. Most of the waste has been cleared. Now it is up to the puja organisers to dismantle the pandals so that we can take up cleaning work,\" said the mayor. He said more sweepers would be engaged to clean the Janpath littered with trash.Residents, however, put the blame on the civic authorities. Tirthabasa Sahu, a resident of Ashok Nagar, pointed out that in the morning the Janpath looked a complete mess.\"It is obvious that with huge crowd thronging the immersion procession, several kinds of waste would litter the roads, but the authorities should have been prepared to clean the wastes immediately given the fact that Bhubaneswar is the capital city,\" said Sahu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16975136", "title": "Thana in-charge accused of thrashing senior citizen", "text": "INDORE: Local chapter of India Against Corruption (IAC) has lodged a complaint against thana in-charge who allegedly called a senior citizen to police station and thrashed him up few days ago. The senior citizen man had earlier complained about the illegal construction in his area.Ramdas Ahirwar is a retired teacher and resides in Pt Deendayal Upadhyay Nagar. He accused Hira Nagar thana in-charge GR Golia of thrashing him in police station and also abusing his old wife. According to Ahirwar, there is a plot vacant near his house for many years. It's the land of Housing Society. Recently, one Jaisingh Thakur came with his accomplices and started construction work.\"I met the Housing Society officials and they informed me that it did not belong to Jaisingh Thakur and was allocated to someone else long back,\" he said, adding the officials also cancelled the allocation recently.He said, \"A week ago, few cops came to my house and carried both me and my wife to Hira Nagar police station. The thana in-charge Golia asked if the land did not belong to me, then why was I objecting to it. When I told him that as a citizen of the country, it was my responsibility to inform the government officials about any misdeeds, Golia attacked on me. He not only thrashed me but also abused my wife with many indecent words.\"\"I then went to SC/ST and Palasia police stations, but nobody registered the complaint,\" he added.Member of IAC, Yashwardhan Singh told ToI that they met the city superintendent of police (CSP), Rajesh Dandotia and handed over a memorandum to him asking action against the thana in-charge. He assured us of fair investigation, he added.\"I have asked the thana in-charge to present his views, and also ordered to stop the construction work at the site,\" the CSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16977669", "title": "Lata Mangeshkar to launch her music label", "text": "Having started at the age of 13, Lata Mangeshkar has been singing for nearly seven decades, mesmerising millions with her golden voice. She has sung for four generations of heroines; an unparalleled phenomenon in Hindi cinema.And while she no longer sings as much and as often as she used to, at least not in Hindi films, there's no taking the music out of the country's favourite songstress. The legend, who turned a glorious 83 on the 28th of last month, is now gearing up to launch her very own music label next month.A source from the music industry told TOI , \"Lata didi lives for music, and she has been working on this plan for long. Initially, she was to launch her music label this month but due to the big tragedy in the family, it was postponed.\"Indeed, words cannot begin to describe the Mangeshkar family's tragic loss. On the eighth of this month, Lata's sister Asha Bhosle's 56-year-old daughter Varsha Bhosle committed suicide at their Peddar Road residence, Prabhu Kunj. A pall of gloom descended upon the Mangeshkar home. Both sisters were in deep shock and grief and for days on end, had stopped appearing in public altogether . Needless to say, the launch got delayed.Lata's music label won't be associated with film songs. Said the source, \"She has had enough of film songs to her credit. The music label associated with nonfilm songs is entirely her brainchild .\" And it will be a business enterprise.An official announcement in this regard is expected sometime early next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975476", "title": "Court lets off man alleged of raping friend", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man facing trial for allegedly raping a woman after spraying stupefying drug on her face has been acquitted by a court as the victim turned hostile and retracted her allegation of rape.Additional sessions judge Virender Bhat let off Surjeet Singh Sahni, relying on the victim's statement.\"She (victim) has turned hostile and did not support the case of the prosecution at all. She, however, admitted that accused Surjeet was her friend and had visited her residence at Dwarka on the date of incident... ,\" the court noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16974925", "title": "Book fair begins", "text": "BHOPAL: The ten-day National Book Fair began on Ravindra Bhavan premises on Friday.With more than 100 stalls, the fair was inaugurated on Friday by historian and writer Padmashri Mehrunnisa Parvez. She said a writer should always fulfil his duties by writing objectively.Culture department director Shriram Tiwari praised the initiative and said that readers should always have access to books and the initiatives like these should carry on.Organised by Samay India and Pustak Mela Samiti, a film on Maulana Barkatullah would be screened on Saturday at 7 pm. A competition of storytelling would also be held prior to that at 6 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16975237", "title": "Cardiology update 2012 from November 1", "text": "MANGALORE: The Department of Cardiology, Kasturba Medical College and Hospital, Manipal will organize Manipal Cardiology Update 2012 on November 1.The event will focus on updating physicians, pediatricians and obstetricians about the latest developments in valvular heart diseases, coronary artery diseases and peripheral arterial diseases. Live angioplasty and balloon valvotomy will be telecast from the Cardiac Cath Lab during the Manipal Cardiology Update 2012.A quiz competition for post-graduats students in medicine will also be conducted, KMC medical superintendent Col M Dayananda.Udupi district health officer Ramachandra Bairy will inaugurate the conference, while Manipal University pro-chancellor HS Ballal preside. Vice-chancellor K Ramnarayan, pro-vice chancellor Vinod Bhat, registrar G K Prabhu and KMC Manipal dean Sripathi Rao will be the guests.About 400 delegates, including leading physicians, paediatricians, gyneacologists and post-graduate students are expected to take part in the conclave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16975009", "title": "Avoid these routes in Hubli today", "text": "HUBLI: In view of mass prayer at the Idgah Maidan on the occasion of Bakrid celebrations on Saturday, Hubli-Dharwad Police Commissionerate have diverted some routes in the city to ease congestion and rush.Vehicles coming from Gadag and railway station have been diverted to Pinto Circle, Desai cross via Cotton market to reach Hosur. Vehicles coming from Navalgund have been diverted to IB road, Cotton market to reach Hosur circle and vehicle movement is banned from Desai cross to Pinto circle.Vehicles coming from Bangalore have been diverted to bypass to reach Dharwad and the vehicles proceeding to Navalgund and Gadag from Hubli new bus terminus have been diverted to Torvihakkal, MT Mill, Vani Vilas cross via Desai cross and Keshwapur circle.Entry to KC Circle is restricted to vehicles coming from Desai circle and these vehicles will be diverted to Shanbagh and Girnichala, M T Mill cross to reach Bangalore and Dharwad. All vehicles coming to the city will either may be halted at Gabbur bypass till the prayer is over at Idgah Maidan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16975913", "title": "Drunk teen driver jailed for killing two", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 19-year old drunk car driver, Tejas Dikshit, who rammed a couple of senior citizens riding on a scooter on the Iskcon flyover, killing them on Thursday night has been sent to jail. A metropolitan court rejected the teen's bail plea on Friday.According to Satellite police officials, Tejas, a resident of Satellite, was driving a silver Hyundai Santro car on SG Highway at 9pm on Thursday. He took the Iskcon flyover but soon lost control over the vehicle as he was under the influence of alcohol. He later confessed before police that he had consumed liquor in the car. The car careened out of control, hit the parapet and dragged for around 20 meters before it hit the scooter and turned turtle. \"The impact was such that the scooter went for a spin. The driver, Yusuf Ismail Khan Pathan, 50, a resident of Sarni Kamdar Society near APMC Market in Vejalpur, flung off the bridge and sustained fatal head injuries. The pillion rider, Shahnaz Bano, 42, a resident of Dudhershwar and also Pathan's relative, died on the spot after a severe head injury and internal bleeding. The duo was taken to the Sola civil hospital by 108 ambulance where they were declared brought dead,\" said a Satellite police official.Investigators said that Pathan was the eldest of three brothers and ran a fabrication factory in Vejalpur. His brother Ayub told investigators that Yusuf's daughter was to get married on November 7. Identity of Shahnaz was a mystery for the investigators till Friday evening as Pathan's relatives had a hard time recognizing her.Talking about the teen, the police investigators said: \"Tejas is a third year LLB student at Nirma University and son of a government employee. He also sustained multiple injuries on his body and a deep gash near his left eye as he was taken out of the car by passers-by on Thursday night.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "16975377", "title": "Lokayukta raids RTO checkpost", "text": "BIJAPUR: The Lokayukta police raided the RTO checkpost at Zalaki situated on National Highway 13 on Friday afternoon, arrested four persons and seized Rs 2.7 lakh excess amount there.Lokayukta office sources said during the four-hour raid, cops found that staff were collecting money illegally from vehicle owners and drivers. The collected amount was kept in the PWD inspection bungalow. During the raid, Rs 88,400 in cash for which receipts had been issued was found in the office.Police arrested four persons -- Nityanand Govindray Hittalamakki, Vasudev Janardhan (both senior vehicle inspectors), Anilkumar Chandrakant Gajakosh (sweeper) and Latif Davalasab Surakole (private agent). Police booked cases under Section 7, 8, 13(1)(D) of Corruption Eradication Act, 1988. Lokayuka Police SP DS Jangamayyanavar guided the squad comprising RM Kurabagatti and Nagaraj Madalli and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "music ", "code": "16977768", "title": "Music Review: Taalash", "text": "Music : Ram Sampath For a suspense-thriller , the Talaash soundtrack is pleasantly bereft of brass-and-hornsblaring spy music. After scoring the sparkling Delhi Belly and chiming in neatly for Aamir Khan's popular talk show Satyamev Jayate, composer Ram Sampath rustles up a gratifying soundtrack that enjoys circling around love rather than hover around mystery.The seductive, lingering ambience of Muskaanein Jhooti Hain doffs a hat to the crime noir OSTs via a simple yet charming tune. Deep notes of an upright bass set the tempo for a jazzy, bluesy slow jam, fired up by Suman Sridhar who sounds like a foxy enchantress. Many may feel the mood mirrors Mikey McCleary's Bartender 'Bollywoodreinvented' songs, but Ram sprinkles enough minor notes and smoky synths to cue this one into the whodunit genre. Javed Akhtar's fine lyrics provide the icing : Kal inhi galiyon mein...In masli kaliyon mein...Toh yeh dhoom thi; Jo rooh pyaasi hai... Jis mein udaasi hai...Woh hai ghoomti; Sabko talaash wohi... Samjhe yeh kaash koi. At 3.20 minutes , it ends sooner than you'd want it to but is still the zaniest of the lot.Hona Hai Kya is the lone 'suspenseful' number, almost screaming out its need to be mysterious. The electronica arrangement though stylishly pulled off may seem a tad overbearing for some, and there's more than a fleeting resemblance to snatches from Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy's Don. Ram's vocals are effective but there's little intrigue in this one to keep you coming back for more. The vibrant Jiya Lage Na sounds eclectic in its expansive atmosphere of a free-flowing bandish tempered with racy electronica. Sona Mohapatra sounds endearing as always, Ravindra Upadhyay puts up a cool show and Akhtar's pen lends voice to the longing: Main muskaoon, Sabse chhupaoon, Vyakul ho din-rayn ...Kab se naa aayi naino mein nindiya, Mann mein na aaya chain.Soft keys, bass and guitars hum a melody of lovesick wistfulness in Laakh Duniya Kahe, which charts a route similar to Delhi Belly's Tere Siva. But the sincerity in Ram's voice and a charming chorus is what takes this standard soft rock ballad a notch higher. Javed Akhtar's lines come off like a lyrical sequel to Tum Ho Toh from Rock On! ! but are soothing nevertheless: Laakh duniya kahe, Tum nahin ho...Tum yahin ho, Tum yahin ho.Again, Jee Le Zaraa is your regular, dime-a-dozen indipop fare that stands out mostly for Vishal Dadlani's smoothly-jagged vocals. The lyrics are an uninteresting spiel on how your heart is asking you to 'live' life, while the remix is strictly passable.While it's tough to deftly follow up a refreshing, trend-bending album like Delhi Belly , Ram stacks up a sleek, above par track-list for Aamir's next. There may not be standouts here and yet there is much to indulge in, if good music is what you are in talaash of.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "remo has been asked to compose the anthem for the youth champion league of football, which will be organised in goa every year. the first one will be start next week on 29 october. goa times caught up with the veteran musician to chat about the same. excerpts from an interview", "code": "16978698", "title": "Remo composes anthem for football tourney", "text": "Remo has been asked to compose the anthem for the Youth Champion League of Football, which will be organised in Goa every year. The first one will be start next week on 29 October. Goa Times caught up with the veteran musician to chat about the same. Excerpts from an interview:An anthem has a serious connotation to it, how serious do you think is it?This song is the permanent anthem of YCL, the Youth Champion League, which is the body organizing this yearly football tournament more or less along the lines of IPL. The song will be used at the tournament every year. Incidentally, I was very happy to learn that Goa is going to be the permanent venue.Who will be writing the anthem?They have approached me to write the lyrics, compose the music, sing, and produce the song. Of course, going by my normal methods, I'll be playing all the instruments and singing all the vocal harmonies, besides mixing and mastering the track. However, I might ask a group of friends to sing on top of some parts to give them a crowd effect.What's the brief for the song?The main brief was to inspire Indian youth, roughly between the ages of 12 and 17, who have an exceptional talent in football to stand up for their conviction and love for the game. To make them realise that football can be a great and lucrative career option today, that it is no longer just a time-pass between study hours.What instruments, prelude, interlude.....tempo... etc...do you plan to use?This time I didn't go into any Indian fusion. It's easy to ruffle feathers, or to make people feel left out, when one uses musical styles of some states and not others. Therefore, since the permanent destination is going to be Goa, I've kept the style basically Latin. I'm making it a very high-speed, high-energy, slogan-shouting rabble rouser. But somewhere in the middle, I've halved the tempo and given a serious version of the message.Why has YCL chosen Goa as their permanent venue?They also checked out Kolkata Bengal being the other great football lover in the country. But while Cal has one great stadium, the smaller ones are almost non-existent or in a very poor shape. In a tournament, several games need to be played at the same time. So this ruled Bengal out. In Goa, YCL were happy to find excellent and well-maintained stadia in almost every village, besides the main Fatorda one. That has made me proud to belong to this tiny state of great football lovers.Is the recently retired Portuguese football star, Luis Figo, really coming to Goa as Chief Guest for this tournament?Yes, he is! For the Closing Ceremony on 1st November, which is where my band and I will perform the Anthem live at the stadium before the match. He is also expected to play a game, but details of that are meant to be a surprise.Since it's an all India anthem, will you intersperse it with our national anthem?No way! That's our National Anthem, this is a Football Anthem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975311", "title": "Congress ticks off SP for Faizabad communal clashes", "text": "New Delhi: Congress ticked off Uttar Pradesh government for communal clashes in Faizabad, breaking away from the silence that has enveloped the political class in the wake of worsening law and order situation in the state.AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi told reporters, \"It's a matter of concern that incidents of communal violence are rising in UP. We condemn such riots and expect the administration to gear up and ensure these incidents are not repeated.\"Alvi's suo motto observation contrasted with the recent trend when political importance of Samajwadi Party has kept parties from speaking on rising communal situations, estimated around a dozen since Akhilesh Yadav took over as the CM in March. BJP too joined in to condemn the state government over Faizabad clashes.Two persons died and shops were gutted when clashes broke out in the temple town, a serious development because it houses the sensitive mosque-temple site that has stayed incident-free post-Babri demolition.The increasing number of clashes across state, even if small and localized in nature, has shocked everyone in the backdrop of peaceful five years' reign ((2007-12) of BSP chief Mayawati.Observers attribute the yawning gap in the performance of SP and BSP regimes on Akhilesh regime's indifference.While the incidents have been rising, the political parties have surprised by looking the other way, given their alacrity over clashes, especially if they pertain to Faizabad.Observers think SP's importance in the calculus of virtually every formation has secured it immunity from political assaults. While Congress is dependent on Mulayam Singh Yadav's outfit for UPA's survival, the 'third front' has been desperately courting the Samajwadis with an eye on post-2014 situation.BJP, on the other hand, is eager not to attack SP and push it towards Congress just when the Yadav chieftain seems ready to abandon the UPA ship at the first opening to force early polls.The indulgence towards SP was evident when most parties skipped the riots at Masuri, Ghaziabad, in September that left six persons dead and signaled that sensitive communal front could no longer be ignored in UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16975156", "title": "Yoga in schools from next year?", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karnataka government is a step closer to introducing yoga studies in schools from 2013-14 with a committee readying syllabi for Class I to X. The government formed three committees to frame yoga syllabi for lower primary, higher primary and high schools.Mangalore-based yoga trainer N Kushalappa Gowda, a member of the yoga textbook committee, told TOI that syllabi have been submitted to the textbook observation committee. After the observation committee gives the green signal, the textbooks will be sent out for printing. What's not clear is whether yoga will be introduced as life-skill studies or as an academic subject. Introduction of yoga is expected to help students keep good health and sharpen their concentration.The syllabus includes history of yoga and important asanas. Since teacher shortage is acute, Kushalappa said a few faculty members from each school will be identified for yoga teaching .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16975499", "title": "TDP invokes RTI for info on Jagan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Charging that the Chanchalguda Jail authorities did not respond to his queries about communication facilities (like mobile phone) being provided by them to YSR Congress leader, Y S Jaganmohan Reddy while he is in judicial custody, TDP leader Yanamala Ramakrishnudu said on Friday that he has invoked the RTI (Right to Information) to secure the same information.Last week, Yanamala claimed that Jagan was using cell phones being provided by the jail officials and sought the call details of the same. On Tuesday, Yanamala filed an RTI application seeking the call details and the details of the staff deployed to attend to the undertrial VIP prisoners.Yanamala told TOI that he had sought these details from the jail officials as he suspected the jail staff was deployed to help out Jagan. \"We have reliable reports on Jagan using communication gadgets including the mobile phones of the staffers to keep tab on politics and to monitor his party affairs. When I brought this to the notice of the jail authorities, they failed to react. So, I am forced to seek information under RTI,\" said Yanamala.Yanamala has also sought under RTI the details of visitors permitted to meet Jagan between May 15 and October 20 this year, copies of the log book pertaining to the visitors, and the recordings of the close circuit camera installed in the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16974335", "title": "CBI to file charges against arms-dealer Abhishek Verma in four cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is set to file charge sheets next month against arms-dealer Abhishek Verma in four cases, including the alleged $530,000 bribe taken from Swiss defence firm, Rheinmetall Air Defence (RAD), for getting its name cleared from the defence ministry's blacklist. The sources claimed that they have also recorded the statement of his estranged business partner C Edmond Allen in the US, and he has confirmed about Verma taking bribe from RAD and keeping the classified documents related to Indian government .Since June, CBI has registered four different cases against Verma and arrested him along with his Romanian wife Anca Neacsu. \"We have received several documents from the defence ministry and Switzerland which prove that he had taken the bribe. Allen has also given us reliable evidence on this,\" said a source.Another case against Verma and his wife was registered in August for allegedly writing a letter to the PM on a forged letterhead of then MoS for home Ajay Maken seeking easing of business visa norms in 2009. CFSL had corroborated that the letter was forged, and Maken too denied having any knowledge about the missive.The third case against Verma was registered in end-August under the Official Secrets' Act (OSA) and criminal conspiracy for allegedly holding documents related to the ministry that are of 'classified nature'. The ministry had confirmed that documents were indeed crucial and somebody from ministry must have passed them on to Verma. Allen had forwarded these documents to CBI from the US, and also recently gave more ammunition to the agency team on these classified documents, said the source.The fourth case against Verma was registered in September for allegedly forging the signatures of CBI SP, Ramnish, to his bank to defreeze his account saying that the probe against him has been closed due to lack of evidence. The fabricated letter \u2014 dated April 20, 2009 and addressed to CBI director and Interpol \u2014 had mentioned that judicial requests sent to Switzerland to gather details of his Swiss bank accounts have returned unexecuted and the enquiry against him be closed, sources said. CFSL has reportedly confirmed that letter was forged by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975101", "title": "Welcome change in MEA's possessive mindset", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's starchy foreign office is loosening its laces. Quietly, the ministry of external affairs (MEA) has been declassifying official documents that have been held under wraps for the past 65 years, signaling a welcome change in an otherwise possessive mindset.The documents are a trickle, but they are coming. Pinak Chakrabarty, special secretary in MEA, recently announced the declassification of 70,000 documents, going up all the way until 1972. This despite the fact that according to Indian law, the government has to declassify documents 25 years old. After the Right to Information Act, this has been reduced to 20 years.Chakraborty said that 12,388 files have been handed over to the National Archives. \"These files include more than 3000 files relating to North and South America, 1,095 files relating to Eurasia, more than 1,700 files relating to the United Nations, 702 files on Pakistan, Afghanistan and Iran and more than 5,100 files on Policy, Planning and Research,\" he said.Chakraborty added that more files are being \"scrubbed\" before they are handed over to the archives \u2014 there are many, over 280,000 that MEA officials still need to go into.The trouble is the declassification process depends heavily on the head of the territorial division. Therefore, joint secretaries, who are generally overworked, are also tasked with declassification decisions. Since they cannot afford to get this wrong, the default response is to delay. There is a definite need to create an alternative system. Chakraborty said MEA was toying with several ideas, including enlisting the help of some retired officials for the task.Then there are the \"top secret\" documents that will probably never get touched. There have been joint secretaries who have famously declared that declassification of documents like the 1962 China war ones would only be done \"over their dead body\".This love of secrecy has emasculated any serious historical or analytical work on contemporary Indian history. Most retellings of the 1962 war are by hearsay or from personal memoirs by eye-witnesses or those that served when monumental decisions were taken. That cannot possibly constitute serious strategic thinking, because in the absence of adequate dissemination of official information, strategists and historians can only see a partial truth.But much more than that, there needs to grow a sense that almost all official interactions between Indian and foreign leaders serve a historical purpose. History is made not only through official documentation, but also through conversations between world leaders. There should be some kind of mechanism by which these interactions are recorded for posterity. For instance, Indian researchers should be able to access the conversations between PM Manmohan Singh and say, US President George W Bush, during the nuclear deal. Twenty years later, the White House transcripts of these conversations will be made public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16974884", "title": "Moot court competition begins at National Law Institute University", "text": "BHOPAL: The third edition of the Moot court competition commenced with the inauguration ceremony at the National Law Institute University (NLIU) auditorium on Friday.The preliminary competition rounds are scheduled to be commenced on Saturday. The semifinals and final round will be organized on Sunday. In his address, NLIU's director professor SS Singh talked about mooting as a great learning experience which helps the students gain specialization in their preferred field of law. Chief guest of the opening ceremony , VK Agrawal addressed the students and participants about the need for lawyers to be aware of and responsive to the changing political and economic scene.Managing partner Juris Corp- a law firm, which is a co-host with NLIU, in holding the event- Veena Sivaramakrishna thanked the guests and organizers. She hoped that the moot court competition will foster the association between NLIU and Juris Corp.Agrawal released a souvenir containing messages from various eminent personalities and information regarding the event, the University and Bhopal.In all, 37 teams across the country will participate in the three-day competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16975381", "title": "Creating a little Andhra right here", "text": "KOCHI: When film actor Allu Arjun came to Kochi a couple of weeks ago to promote his film 'July', which was being dubbed into Malayalam, he could not deny the Telugu community in Kochi an audience. as an audience and of course autographs.For him, it was a pleasant surprise to learn that every month, the Telugus here under the auspices of the Andhra Cultural Association (ACA) organize a get-together and watch a recently-released movie. \"This is in arrangement with Cinemax and the Telugu Film Producers Association,\" said executive member ACA and manager BPCL S Sanjay.He says that it was a dream of the ACA to bring to the Telugus in Kochi, and to give them a chance to watch the latest movies at least once a month. \"If it continues to be popular, we will make it once in 15 days. But what we get to see here are the dubbed Telugu films,\" said Sanjay.This Saturday most Telugus will be at Cinemax to watch 'Dhenikayana Ready' starring Vishnuvardhan Babu, who has promised to be with them when the film is screened.\"Vishnuvardhan's father, former Rajya Sabha MP Mohan Babu, who is also a veteran actor, was in the city recently. But since he was preparing to visit Sabarimala then he could not meet us, but has promised to visit us the next time,\" said Sanjay.Though there must be about 2,000 Telugu families in Ernakulam district, many are not in contact with the association. \"We have about 250 families as members. But there are more people, especially those in rice, chillies and cereals business in Perumbavoor and Angamaly. However, they are not part of our regular activities,\" said ACA secretary M H Naidu. Interestingly, most of the Telugus in the city are employed in the public sector, Central or state. Across the state, many hold top positions as IAS and IPS officials. On festive occasions like Ugadi and Sankranthi, all the members and their families meet at the association's hall in Panampally Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "centurion", "code": "16975132", "title": "Two best teams have made it to final: Haddin", "text": "CENTURION: Sydney Sixers captain Brad Haddin feels that the \"two best teams\" have made it to the final of the Champions League Twenty20 .\"We got our jail-free card,\" an ecstatic Haddin said. \"No matter what format you play, you have got to execute your skills. We panicked a bit but but we are into the finals. We can think of anything of this game, but the bottom line is we have a final to play this Sunday,\" the Australia discard added.\"We have played Lions before, and they are similarly stacked as us. I think the two best teams have made it to the final.\"Man of the match Steve O'Keefe who was promoted as a makeshift opener said,\"Hadds came to me three days ago if I wanted to open, and I jumped at the opportunity. Opening the batting was good fun. Probably the first time I have been man-of-the-match without taking a wicket, but I will take it. Not our most clinical performance, but we have a final coming up.\"Nashua Titans skipper Martin van Jaarsveld was a disappointed man having lost a chance to make it to the finals having come so far.\"Really disappointed,\" says Van Jaarsveld. \"But really proud how we kept fighting. With the bat, we were down and out. I have been talking him up through the tournament, and boy did he shine tonight. Our execution up top is not where we'd like it to be, and that's where we lost. A bitter pill to swallow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16976634", "title": "Man gets seven year rigorous imprisonment for abetting wife\u2019s suicide", "text": "KANPUR: The additional district and session judge third of Kanpur Nagar Mahendra Kumar Arya convicted a husband for abetting his wife's suicide and sentenced him to seven years' rigorous imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 13,000.According to the prosecution version, Shubhkant Mohanti, a resident of JK colony was married to Pragya Pratibha, daughter of Prakash Kumar Nayak of Orissa and the couple had a two year old son.On March 10, 2006 Nayak was informed by an unidentified caller that his daughter had been killed. Nayak reached Kanpur on March 12 and lodged stating that his son-in-law had killed his daughter and two-year-old grandson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16975062", "title": "Youth relaunch agitation over Kalasa Banduri project", "text": "DHARWAD: With no end in sight for the row involving Karnataka and Goa over Kalasa Banduri Nala project, the youths of Malaprabha Command Area have decided to re-launch the agitation and have sought support from the people of South Karnataka to support the cause as reciprocation to the support extended by North Karnataka over Cauvery issue. A new organization called Kalasa Banduri Yuva Horata Samiti, in association with Raitha Sena (Karnataka), has launched a 'Rath Yatra' from Banashankari temple in Badami of Bagalkot district to Dharwad on Thursday.The yatra will pass through Ron, Gadag, Nargund, Ramadurg, Savadatti, Navalgund and Hubli before reaching Dharwad on November 12. The Samiti members will stage a sit-in protest in front of deputy commissioner's office in Dharwad. Samiti president Vijay Kulkarni said the constitution of a tribunal at the behest of Goa to decide over diverting Mahadayi water to Malaprabha was uncalled for. \"Kalasa Banduri Nala project should be kept out of the purview of the tribunal as the project basically caters to the drinking water problem of North Karnataka,\" he asserted.The project envisages diverting water from Kalasa, Banduri, Halatar, Chorla, Potla, Korla and Gurki streams to Malaprabha. If it is implemented, people of Savadatti, Ramadurg taluks of Belgaum district, Ron and Naragund in Gadag district and Badami in Bagalkot, Navalgund in Dharwad district will get adequate water for both irrigation and drinking for the next 40 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975720", "title": "Bangladesh remembers pen-wielding Liberation warrior", "text": "KOLKATA: Sunil Gangopadhyay's death on Tuesday went unreported in newspapers in Kolkata, thanks to the 'Puja vacation' virtually imposed on the print media, but in Bangladesh, it made front page headlines in nearly every daily.According to noted Bangladeshi author Belal Chaudhuri, a long-time friend of the Jnanpith recipient, even newspapers with an extreme-right philosophy covered Gangopadhyay's death. Chaudhuri, who attended a condolence meeting in Kolkata on Friday evening, brought nearly 30 newspapers from his country and handed them to Gangopadhyay's secretary.\"There was widespread grief in Bangladesh when people came to know that Sunil had passed away. Everybody remembers his contribution to the Liberation War and his fight to uphold secularism. He was one of the most popular authors in Bangladesh. There was a time when festival numbers from India were banned in Bangladesh. If people came to know that Sunil had contributed in one of them, the books would get smuggled across the border. His novels were regularly pirated in Bangladesh. Efforts were made to stop this but nothing could be done due to the demand,\" Chaudhuri said.The Bangladeshi author has been close to Gangopadhyay since 1960 when the two met in Kolkata. Gangopadhyay had returned from the US and was speaking at a function when Chaudhuri saw him for the first time.\"Do you know that we got arrested together as chicken thieves at Belpahari in East Midnapore? Every year, during the Pujas, we would go to Belpahari on vacation. It was 1965 and India and Pakistan were at war. As was our habit, we got off the bus near a village and entered somebody's house. After having our fill of mahua we went for a bath to the village pond. When we returned to the house where we had stopped, the villagers seemed extremely agitated and asked us to leave. We didn't know what had gone wrong but took shelter in a nearby field. Suddenly, we were surrounded by armed security personnel,\" said Chaudhuri.It seems that a youth from the village named Rashid had crossed over to East Pakistan. \"A few days after his disappearance, Pakistani aircraft strafed the Kalaikunda air base and everybody suspected that Rashid had provided the necessary bearings. The security personnel suspected us to be spies.\"The security men left after ordering them to return to Kolkata. However, later in the night, villagers led the police to them all over again, accusing them of stealing chicken. \"We were arrested and locked up in Binpur police station. It was only after the OC looked at us that we were released and given a royal treatment. His wife seems to have been reading a novel by Sunil,\" the Bangladeshi author said.Chaudhuri and Gangopadhyay played an active role during Bangladesh's War of Liberation in 1971. The Indian author had a deep influence on litterateurs in Bangladesh. According to Chaudhuri, even somebody like Humayun Ahmed was influenced by Gangopadhyay. It was Gangopadhyay who first suggested to Ahmed that he write a full-fledged novel.\"This was how the book Jyotsna O Janani came about. Sunil was the first person to have said that Dhaka would be the literary capital of Bengal (both Bangladesh and West Bengal). Sunil's epic work Purba Paschim brought together the two Bengals and snuffed out allegations by fundamentalists that he was against a particular community. This work led to development of better relations between the two countries,\" Chaudhuri said.It was much later that Sunil returned to his ancestral home in Purba Maichpara, Madaripur in the Faridpur. \"We visited the village in Amgram where Sunil was born. The small room still remains and 'Sunil Mela' is held there every year,\" Chaudhuri said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16976478", "title": "Bhajji hopeful of Test comeback", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh is hopeful of staging a comeback to the Indian squad in the upcoming India-England bilateral Test series in India starting next month.\"I am always hopeful,\" Singh told reporters here on Friday.India is scheduled to play two Twenty20 matches, four Tests and five ODIs with England in November-January. Singh faces tough competition from Pragyan Ojha and R Ashwin for a berth in the Indian squad in the upcoming series. Selectors are likely to announce the team by the month-end.On the poor performance of the Mumbai Indians in the ongoing Champions League T20 , the MI skipper said he wanted to look forward to upcoming games.To a query on Sachin Tendulkar's retirement, Bhajji said, \"He (Sachin) knows what to do and what not. The decision should be left to him.\"The Indian player, who was here to promote a real estate project by SJ Developers, said he liked Bhubaneswar very much. \"It is so similar to Chandigarh. Roads are very wide and their condition is very good. Small cities like my native place of Jalandhar, Bhubaneswar and Chandigarh are so full of life,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16976081", "title": "Bitter Twitter truth for Narendra Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Everyone likes followers. On Wednesday, when chief minister Narendra Modi's Twitter account touched one million followers, he tweeted, \"A million followers! These are not mere numbers but it signifies your love and affection. Heartfelt thanks to you all\".However, all the love and affection Modi is overwhelmed with might not be all genuine. Modi, who is often accused by Congress leaders of misleading people with numbers, has around 50 per cent of his Twitter followers as fake.According to an internet tool, Status People, launched by a group of engineers in London , Modi's account has 46 per cent fake and 41 per cent inactive users.The website through an algorithm measures false and inactive followers of a Twitter user.Modi started using Twitter in 2009 and in 2010, had one lakh followers. About a year ago, in November 2011, he had four lakh followers. But his following on Twitter increased exponentially in the last few months.Creators of the internet tool, launched to expose fake users of personalities on Twitter, say that almost all Twitter accounts have a small percentage of false followers, partly because, unlike Facebook, any user can follow another. However, they say that worldwide personalities and brands get fake following to increase their importance among peers.Congress leaders Arjun Modhwadia and Shaktisinh Gohil too have 5 per cent and 14 per cent fake followers, respectively.\"A celebrity's or politician's popularity is measured with their followers on social networking sites which might lure many to get fake followers. Like other forms of corruption, activists should also expose such fake followers because this misleads public,\" said communication expert Alyque Padamsee.While these politicians may not have paid for getting fake followers, there are companies on web who can offer services to get fake followers.Abhijit Sonagara, director of a city-based cyber solutions company, says, \"Getting fake followers has become common. Several companies offer such service for 10 paise to 50 paise per fake follower. Many times it's the celebrities themselves or their PR managers who indulge in such activities.\"A BJP spokesperson, however, said that it's Modi's development agenda which is being endorsed across the world and that has got the large following.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16974637", "title": "Munirka resident files first police complaint in Purti matter", "text": "New Delhi: After the income tax department and Registrar of Companies, Delhi Police has now joined the probe into investments flowing into BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's company Purti Power and Sugar Ltd.On Friday, the first police complaint in the matter was made at the Vasant Vihar police station in south Delhi by Munirka village resident Balwan Singh Tokas. Police is preparing to rope in the Registrar of Companies to verify and investigate the documents related to the case.At least five companies, which have invested in Purti through a multi-layered investment structure, have been found to be registered at Tokas's address. TOI had on Friday reported about Tokas's plight.Tokas, who runs a small grocery store and lives off rental income from the building the mysterious companies are supposed to be running from, claims he has never had anything to do with any company in the world.In his complaint to the police, Tokas said he first learnt of the companies in 2006 when six PAN cards with different company and individual names were dropped at his address. Thinking that they belonged to his tenants, he asked each one of them but they denied having anything to do or even having heard of these companies.With no claimants, Tokas cut up the cards and threw them, he said in the complaint. He also ignored the letters from the I-T department sent to his address. In his complaint, Tokas said he had nothing to do either with the companies registered at his address or the PAN cards and I-T notices he received.\"We did not want to be in any kind of unnecessary trouble, so we have complained to the police. We had never thought there could be some scam behind the PAN cards and documents we received at our address. The police have assured us that they will investigate the matter thoroughly and take help from the Registrar of Companies,\" Tokas told TOI.Police sources said they will conduct an inquiry into Tokas's complaint by verifying all the tenants first. They will conduct searches wherever necessary and verify the addresses of the suspect companies with the RoC and then lodge a formal FIR.According to documents filed by Purti with the RoC, five companies \u2014 King Buildwell Pvt Ltd, Newage Infrawell Pvt Ltd, Nirman Infratech Pvt Ltd, Advent IT Solutions and Fast Buildwell Pvt Ltd \u2014 own stakes in Purti through a multi-layered investment structure. All these companies are registered at 189, Balwan Singh Tokas, Near Moti Bara Choupal, Munirka Village, P.O. JNU, New Delhi - 110067.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kapurthala", "code": "16976190", "title": "Copying for a fee: 2 arrested in Kolkata", "text": "KAPURTHALA: Two persons have been arrested for their involvement in a racket run by the company running a Punjab Technical University regional centre of facilitating malpractices like copying after charging extra money from students and learning centres. The centres cover 15 states of the country.A team of cops from Kapurthala arrested two accused, Gautam Banerjee and Sabal Kanta, and secured their transit remand. Ajay Gugnani and Sanjeev Gugnani, who own Matrix Infosys , have managed to evade arrest so far. \"Two of their companies, Urvi Computers and Ekta Computers, are also regional centres for the university and cover 15 states in the country including those in the North East,\" said PTU vice-chancellor Dr Rajneesh Arora, addressing media along with Kapurthala SSP Inderbir Singh. State technical education minister Anil Joshi also addressed the reporters through video-conferencing.They said an FIR was registered after PTU received preliminary complaints and police found prima facie evidence.They said police had acted after receiving eight affidavits from learning centres, and the Punjab government had backed their efforts to clean up the system. More complainants are expected following the new revelations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16976554", "title": "JC Bose gang rape case: 8 sent to jail for 10 years", "text": "JAIPUR: It was a long wait of 15 years for the victim, but justice was finally delivered in Rajasthan University's infamous JC Bose Hostel gang rape case on Friday.A fast track trial court convicted eight accused of the gang rape that was committed in the hostel's room number 47 on September 5, 1997.Trial against one Ram Niwas is pending, while two \u2014 Om Bijarnia and Suresh Khod \u2014 are absconding, said the case's special public prosecutor Jugal Bihari Bhardwaj.The convicts, seven of whom were present in the courtroom, were awarded 10 years rigorous imprisonment and immediately sent to the Jaipur jail.Those sent to jail included Sandeep Dahiya, Om Beniwal, Kor Singh, Mahendra Pratap Bhakar, Sehas Karan Vishnoi, Shiv Dayal Sihag and Surjeet Yadav. Main accused Dahiya was directed to pay a fine of Rs 13,000, while the remaining six were ordered to pay Rs 11,000 each. The convicts' lawyers J R Choudhary and Sudhir Kumar Sharma said they would go in appeal against the conviction before HC.Delivering the judgment in a packed courtroom, upper sessions judge Nepal Singh also ordered that the victim be given Rs 68,000 as compensation, which is to be paid from the punishment amount collected from the convicts.However, in a separate case built by the police on the basis of the victim's statements - that a number of people sexually exploited her for seven years prior to the gang rape on September 5 - the court acquitted the 12 persons against whom the trial has been concluded. Three of these 12 were accused in the gang rape case also and, thus, are among the eight convicts.The infamous gang rape hit national headlines in 1997 because of the heinous nature of the crime and also because the accused included the children of some of politically influential families of Rajasthan. Besides Kaswan, the nephew of a former agriculture minister, a Rajasthan Police Services (RPS) officer's name too figured among the accused. However, the officer-who is a close relative of one of the politically influential Jat families of Rajasthan-was later declared clean in the police investigation. Political observers largely believe that the criminal case was used by the state's then BJP government under chief minister Bhairon Singh Shekhawat to score a couple of political points against its rivals in the Congress.Majority of the convicts were University students when the crime was committed and today are married men in their late 30s and early 40s. A couple of them spent nearly five years in jails after their arrests in 1997. The jail terms already served by these convicts would be discounted from the 10 years RI awarded to them now. Meanwhile, convict Beniwal said at the trial that the girl had filed another rape case in 1998 that was later found fake by the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16974502", "title": "BJP questions clean chit to Robert Vadra", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the RSS seemed to be distancing itself from BJP president Nitin Gadkari , the party continued to back him as it counter-attacked Congress for \"shielding\" Robert Vadra. Describing the \"clean chit\" to Vadra as self-certification, the party demanded an inquiry into how he got a loan of Rs 7.94 crore from Corporation Bank when the bank itself later denied giving any such loan.\"The officials, against whom investigation should have been carried out, have declared that there were no irregularities in the Vadra-DLF deals. This is the clear sign of the Congress running away from a probe,\" party spokesperson Prakash Javdekar said.\"We once again demand that there should be an independent probe into all the reportedly murky deals of Vadra and his companies and also the alleged quid pro quo between Congress governments and the real estate company,\" he added. The party sought to know why Congress had not ordered a probe into Corporation Bank's statement that it had not given any loan to Vadra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973788", "title": "Youth beaten up, car vandalized", "text": "PUNE: In a case of mistaken identity, a college student was thrashed and his car badly damaged by a group of 10 youths at Ganeshwadi in the Deccan Gymkhana area on Thursday afternoon. The police on Friday said they had identified the assailants and would arrest them soon.Speaking to TOI, senior inspector Manohar Joshi of the Deccan Gymkhana police station said the student, Mayur Gangavane (19) of Khadki, was with his friends at a coffee shop in the area when they noticed the 10 youths arguing on the road. \"Gangavane and his friends decided to leave the place and got into their car. However, the youths accosted them, made them get out of the car and started beating them,\" Joshi said.The youths damaged the car and fled when the police arrived. \"Gangavane and his friends later parked the car in a housing society nearby as they found it was difficult to drive the damaged vehicle. The police later towed away the vehicle,\" Joshi said.Investigations have revealed that the youths did not know Gangavane at all. \"They had had a heated argument with some people on Jangli Maharaj road earlier in the day. Those people were travelling in a car similar to Gangavane's. Suspecting that it was the same car, they vandalized Gangavane's vehicle,\" Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "thanks to the persistent prods from the patna high court, the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims), christened after jaya prakash narain (jpn), has become functional, albeit partially. banjot kaur bhatia reached jpnaiims director dr gk singh for an update on the state of the institute. excerpts", "code": "16976534", "title": "Tech, manpower USPs of Jaya Prakash Narain All India Institute of Medical Sciences: Dr GK Singh", "text": "Thanks to the persistent prods from the Patna high court, the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), christened after Jaya Prakash Narain (JPN), has become functional, albeit partially. Banjot Kaur Bhatia reached JPNAIIMS director Dr GK Singh for an update on the state of the institute. Excerpts:Q. What's the vision behind JPNAIIMS?India's healthcare industry is worth $13 trillion. Though we are known worldwide for providing cost-effective and qualitative medicare, the patient's 'out-of-pocket expenditure' is above 70%. AIIMS-Delhi and the other six AIIMS have an avowed aim of providing affordable healthcare.Q. Teaching has started. When shall we expect clinical services to start in JPNAIIMS?The development of the hospital and medical college is scheduled to take place in three phases. In the first phase, we have started undergrad courses for which we have faculty strength of 12 for now. All these doctors are offering OPD services at the trauma centre. The process of recruitment is still on. As and when we get specialists, the infrastructure will be created for that department. The initial budget sanctioned for infrastructure was Rs 960 crore. From the next financial year, a sum of Rs 100 crore is proposed to be allotted annually.The second phase will start from July next year during which fully-fledged OPD services will start. Also in-patient services will start in medicine, surgery, gynaecology and paediatrics, among 18 other disciplines. We will also launch postgraduate courses and increase the intake in undergrad courses apart from increasing faculty strength to 183 during this phase.The third and final phase starting from May 2014 will mark the launch of 15 super-speciality services like cardiology, neurology and nephrology. We will also up the faculty strength to 600 and the number of nurses in JPNAIIMS will be 2000.Q. How will JPNAIIMS improve the existing health services in Bihar?A. Organ transplants are not done in the state. We will start renal, corneal, liver and bone-marrow transplant. We will also have facilities for robotic surgery, computer-assisted surgery, stem cell therapy, total joint replacement, minimally invasive surgery and targeted radiotherapy. JPNAIIMS will also have modular operation theatre, ultraclear operation theatre and state-of-the-art labs.Q. Will JPNAIIMS also pay special attention to state-specific diseases like kala-azar?A. Our thrust is on developing facilities as per the need of the people. If we feel and get feedback about the need for special intervention on a particular disease, we will definitely do the needful.Q. Various awareness programmes are already being conducted for prevention of diseases. However, they haven't yielded desired results.A. We will have a task force of volunteers called 'Chhattisa' who will have the knowledge of basic preventive healthcare which they will spread among villagers. They will have contact details of JPNAIIMS doctors and they can reach the doctors as and when further advice is required. Thus healthcare will reach the villager's doorstep. Another set of volunteers called 'Sankatmochan Nagrik' will help people reach JPNAIIMS in case of emergency. These two experiments haven't been carried out anywhere else.Q. Will the existing medical institutions benefit from JPNAIIMS?A. We will integrate all public sector health providers from PMCH to PHCs.Q. People usually don't have confidence in public health services....A. Our USP will be manpower and technology. We will attract the best of faculties. Many native health professionals are working abroad. There is a young Bihari girl in Washington who removes blood clot from brain in the most sophisticated manner. If professionals like her come back, it would be great for the state. We are trying to get these experts on board.Q. Have you got enough support from the state government?A. The state government has been very cooperative. Health minister Ashwini Choubey pays heed to our problems. Chief minister Nitish Kumar has assured us that he would provide land for construction of 'rain baseras', or shelters for relatives of patients.Q. Will JPNAIIMS be like the AIIMS in Delhi?A. It will not be fair to compare Patna AIIMS with Delhi AIIMS. Their annual budget of Delhi AIIMS is Rs 1000 crore and ours is Rs 100 crore. However, that won't be a deterrent and in years to come, local patients will not need to go to Delhi AIIMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16975053", "title": "Hiremath seeks moratorium on agriculture land transfer", "text": "HUBLI: The National Committee for Protection of Natural Resources (NCPNR) and Jana Sangrama Parishad (JSP) sought moratorium on the transfers of agricultural land for non-agricultural purpose on Friday in Hubli.Speaking to reporters, SR Hiremath, president, NCPNR, urged that the Prime Minister and the chief minister to provide a moratorium to protect agricultural land.He also welcomed the naming of former chief minister BS Yaddyurappa in the recent chargesheet filed by the CBI. And he also urged the state government to arrest Somashekhar Reddy immediately in connection with the complaint filed against him for coming in the way of forest officer UV Singh, when he was in Bellary to investigate illegal mining.CBI action He also said that the CBI will take effective action against all the offenders in the Belikere port illegal export of ore, which had been seized by the forest department. And also hoped that the CBI will take necessary action against illegal mining lease holders, traders, transporters and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16976096", "title": "Bidushi death: Call records may hold clue", "text": "Actress-model Bidushi Dash Barde's communication with two persons days before her death could hold the key to the case, police sources told TOI on Friday. Bidushi had spoken to a merchant navy friend and a hotel owner about her suicidal feelings. Her body was found on Monday night next to a broken showcase amidst glass shards. It is in this light that the police are trying to unravel another mystery - that of a bathroom mirror which had developed a crack threefour days before her death.Bidushi's husband Kedar Barde, son of a retired army officer, found her body in their rented flat at Manish Nagar, Four Bungalows, Andheri . Glass shards had pierced her cheek, jaw, neck and arm; her neck was found resting on the lower part of the showcase's iron frame.The D N Nagar police have registered a case of murder but are yet to find a strong evidence to support it. At the same time, forensic experts who examined the spot have said that this is a case of homicide. The police got the detailed postmortem report on Friday, which stated that she died an unnatural death following internal wounds.The police have formed five teams, which are veering towards the theory that she may have died after accidentally falling over the showcase or by hitting herself against it. A police officer, though, said they have not ruled out the possibility of murder. Kedar told investigators that contrary what they have learnt, he and Bidushi did not have major marital problems. Only, he had recently started saving some money from his salary which Bidushi did not like. An officer said that Bidushi wanted to maintain their lifestyle despite their precarious financial condition.As reported earlier, Kedar had told the police that his wife had a history of fainting. She had diabetes, hypothyroidism, low blood pressure and was on anti-depressants .The police have learnt that she had shared her suicidal feelings on chat with a merchant navy friend a month ago. A neighbourhood restaurant owner, from whom she ordered regularly, called her up a few days before her death. He asked Bidushi to pay her bills that had crossed Rs 60,000. Bidushi bought time saying she was like his daughter, and added that she had no work and \"had a few days left in this world\" .A model coordinator who sent her threatening messages said it was \"a routine\" matter; he had requested her to take up assignments only thro ugh him. He had arranged a few meetings with producers but said that Bidushi fainted during auditions . The police also questioned another model-coordinator who had received SMSes from her asking for work and money.During the probe, the police found the cracked mirror and that she had called a person to fix it the day she died. The basin below it also had a minor crack. The police are investigating whether this has any connection with the case.Meanwhile, in an added twist to the case, the police are re-examining all the evidence . The police had arrived at the homicide angle on the basis of the forensic report and the eyewitness account of a maid.The 65-year-old maid, who is employed at a clinic in the same building, reported to work on Sunday and left only on Monday afternoon.The maid told the police on Tuesday that around 9.30am on Monday, while she was on her way out of the building to buy milk, she saw a man \"push\" someone inside Bidushi's flat. She said at that time, the security guard was standing in the lobby having tea. She assumed that someone was playing with a child in the flat and told the police she did not hear any sound.The guard, though, said he did not see anyone enter the flat and that he does not even like tea. The police, though, are not completely convinced about his statement.The police said they have verified the CCTV footage of a bank that covers one gate of the building, but did not find anyone known to the Barde family or the suspects, such as the model coordinator, enter.Kedar said he hugged his wife while leaving for work. Now, the police are re-examining the maid's statement to find out whether she had seen Kedar hug his wife instead and got her timing wrong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16974661", "title": "Shops encroach, choke Sadar Bazar", "text": "GURGAON: Shopkeepers in Sadar Bazar area in the old city have encroached upon every single inch on the roads leaving very narrow space for any kind of traffic movement. The situation is so bad that it would be difficult even for ambulances and PCR vans to enter the area in an emergency situation.The area has been witnessing heavy crowds these days with the festival season under way. Thousands of visitors could be seen thronging the area daily while their number keeps going up manifold at the weekend.The area has already been declared a no-vehicle zone and barricades have been put at the beginning of many alleys of the area so that visitors do not park their vehicles there. However, this restriction has given room for local shopkeepers to set up their shops further down the road.A visit to the area revealed the chaotic situation to the hilt. Not only have shopkeepers encroached upon the road, but also vendors have put their stalls in whatever space is left in the area.A majority of them could be seen spreading their wares at more than 10-15 feet on the road. This leaves narrow space even for pedestrian movement. The entire area is shrouded under hoardings and banners.Traffic volunteers said that in response to a request for regular patrolling in the area during the festive season, police officers said that it would be very difficult to send even a patrolling motorcycle, leave alone a PCR van.It is the duty of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) to act against encroachments. When contacted, MCG commissioner Sudhir Rajpal said, \"This problem has cropped up from time to time. We have also conducted anti-encroachment drives in the area so many times, but the encroachments keep sprouting again\".Rajpal assured that a drive would be conducted again, given the rush of the festival season. The SHO of city police station could not be contacted for his comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16976655", "title": "Ganga ghats need immediate attention", "text": "KANPUR: The ten-day long celebrations of 'Durga Puja' and Navratra have left the Ganga Ghats crying for immediate attention after the immersion of Durga. Heaps of rotten flowers, mountains of mud and filth, and polythene bags can be seen scattered all around at various Ganga ghats of the city. Stairs of these ghats are covered with layers of algae which narrate the story of sheer negligence.Sarsaiyya Ghat, Gola ghat were flooded with garbage, puja material, and other rotten stuff. Expressing concern over the pollution, Shanker, a diver at Sarssaiya ghat holds the civic authorities responsible.\"We swim in this water everyday. This time, the stench is horrible and the foam from the effluent is making our job more difficult. The water, which was worth consuming earlier, has turned into a sewage discharge which can neither be be consume nor be used for any other purpose,\" added Shanker.The condition is worse at Massacre Ghat which comes under the cantonment board. The coat of algae on the stairs gives commuters a tough time. People complained that they slipped several times on the stairs but no one gets them cleared.The locals alleged that the civic body hardly bothers about cleanliness of the river. People residing near the ghats claimed that they have not seen any KMC worker cleaning the Ghat, even during the festival time.Talking to TOI, PRO, Kanpur Municipal Corporation, Rajeev Shukla said even after making several possible attempts, the locals are not understanding the consequences which the Ganga is facing. He added that the ghats will be cleaned from Monday as Diwali is fast approaching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16975159", "title": "NHRC to intervene in drug trial case pending before Supreme Court", "text": "INDORE: National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) on Friday decided to intervene in the case related to the clinical trials of drugs pending before the Supreme Court. The case has been filed as public interest litigation by two Indore-based NGOs.In addition to this, the Clinical Trial Welfare Society has also decided to intervene in the case on the grounds that people who had been affected by the clinical trials should be given a chance to express their views before the court. \"Most of the people of our organization are those whose names have figured in the list of 81 people, who were affected by clinical trials, submitted by EOW to the government. We are the victims and we should be given a chance to express our views before court,\" said vice-president of the Society, Ashish Jatav.Dr Anand Rai, who has been raising the issues of clinical trials of drugs for years, said that a series of unethical and illegal clinical trials were conducted on psychiatric patients by several government and private doctors in Indore. Psychiatric patients have been made clinical guinea pigs for drug trials sponsored by multinational and Indian pharmaceutical companies. Now matter is pending before the Supreme Court and victims have decided to put forth their views before it.In his complaints to NHRC, Rai had stressed that clinical trials had been conducted in flagrant violation of article 21 of the Constitution; whereby human rights of psychiatric patients have been overlooked. \"Psychiatric patients are often not in a position to give their informed consent for participating in such clinical trials and the trials have also violated the Indian Council of Medical Research guidelines and provision of the Drug and Cosmetic Act 1940,\" he said.Taking cognizance of the complaints over clinical drug trials NHRC on Friday has constituted an expert committee for framing guidelines of drug trials in the country; it was said in an official communique of NHRC.The committee will comprise Dr D C Doval, director of research and director, medical oncology, Rajiv Gandhi Cancer Institute and Research Centre, New Delhi, Prof Vivekananda Jha from department of Nephrology, PGIMER, Chandigarh, Prof B N Dhawan, former director of Central Drug Research Institute, Lucknow, Dr Subhash Yadav, additional professor, department of Endocrinology and member secretary, IEC, SGPGI, Lucknow, Dr Nilima Kshirsagar from national chair in clinical pharmacology, Indian Council of Medical Research and dean ESI-PGIMER, MGM Hospital, Mumbai Law Division. The meetings of the committee will be coordinated by NHRC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16979234", "title": "Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart reunite", "text": "Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart , who have been continents apart promoting the final 'Twilight' flick all week, reunited stateside after their extensive tour.They were spotted leaving a Prince concert at The Sayers Club in Hollywood in the same car early Friday morning, the New York Post reported.Pattinson hid under his trademark baseball cap and Stewart shielded her face with her hand.They have recently got back together after she was caught cheating with her 'Snow White and the Huntsman' director Rupert Sanders.According to sources, Pattinson was heartbroken and while they have slowly reunited, he is still struggling to trust her again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16976421", "title": "Rights team to Kudankulam held", "text": "RANCHI: A team of civil rights activists from Jharkhand and other states, which went on a fact-finding mission to Kudankulam, is set to move Madras high court protesting against their arrest by Tamil Nadu police.The team under the banner of the Centre for Protection of Civil Liberties (CPCL) comprises research scholars in sociology from Jawaharlal Nehru University Priya Priyadarshi, advocate of Odisha high court Protima Das, cultural activist from Jharkhand Damodar Turi and writer author Arwind from Jharkhand, apart from seven members of different state units of the CPCL.The team went to Kudankulam village where the villagers have been protesting against commissioning of the nuclear power plant. While on their way to the village, the team members were arrested by Tamil Nadu police 40 km from Kudankulam near a toll bridge on October 12 they were later released on conditional bail by the CJM court.One of the members of CPCL, Jharkhand, Arwind told TOI over the phone that they were not allowed to meet the villagers and everyday they were to appear before the local police station twice in the day. \"We have to register our attendance with the Nangnuru police station twice everyday whereas one of the members, Jagan who is from Tamil Nadu Chhatra Sangathan, is still in police custody,\" he said.The team has been charged under section 143 (Unlawful assembly), 188 (disobedience to public servant) 294 (obscene songs and act), 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging his duties) and section 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty) of the Indian penal code.Arwind said soon after the arrest they were presented before the CJM court at 11.30pm and sent to a local jail. \"We obtained conditional bail on October 16 but have not been allowed to use our cellphones and since the proceedings are being conducted in Tamil we are almost unsure about what is happening,\" he said.The team has decided to appeal for quashing of the charges and seek bail from high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16974024", "title": "Cooji Katrak-trained Bizarro for feature", "text": "PUNE: Cooji Katrak-trained Bizarro and Pesi Shroff-schooled, Silver Birch should fight for top honours in the Party Whip Plate, the feature event of Saturday's Pune Races. Bizarro, who enjoys a 6.5 kg handicap advantage over Silver Birch, is expected to reach home first.There are 11 races on Saturday and the first starts at 12.30 pm.Selections1. Whopper Plate: So True 1, Tudor Regent 2. 2. Assessed Plate-Div-II: Twittillator 1, Xenia 2. 3. Mount Rose Plate-Div-II :Alkazi 1, Hill Ranger 2. 4. Proletarian Plate-Div-II: Eclipsed 1, Octopaul 2. 5. Party Whip Plate: Bizarro 1, Silver Birch 2. 6. Proletarian Plate-Div-I: Step Up 1, In The Limelight 2. 7. Pune Cantonment Board Trophy-Div-II: Astromia 1, Monsieur Strauss 2. 8. Assessed Plate-Div-I: Star Storm 1, Mountain Lion 2. 9. Pune Cantonment Board Trophy-Div-I: Astral Queen 1, Gates Of Heaven 2. 10. Irish Boss Plate: Set To Fly 1, Zakynthos 2. 11. Mount Rose Plate-Div-I: Scarlet Regent 1, Amika 2.; Day's best: Astral Queen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975177", "title": "Private schools refuse to foot panel\u2019s bills", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stung by a court-appointed committee's recommendation that private unaided schools must refund excess fee charged from students, the schools are now unwilling to foot the committee's expenses.In a fresh application filed before the Delhi HC, the \"action committee of private unaided schools\" wants the court to recall or modify its order where it had split the expenses incurred by the committee between schools and government in the ratio of 90:10. It claims the fee fixed for members of the committee, that includes a retired HC judge, is not justified at Rs 50,000 - 25,000 per hearing \u2014 since education is regarded as \"charitable in nature where profiteering is prohibited.\"The schools have even repudiated their own lawyer and claim the counsel representing the action committee before HC was not authorized to concede to foot the committee's bill, and on that count the schools are not bound to abide by it.In August this year after setting up the committee headed by Justice Anil Dev Singh, HC had pointed out that the job of the committee will be primarily to sift through accounts of these schools numbering around 200, so they should foot the bill for its smooth functioning. When the court prodded the schools to bear the expenses, they agreed, albeit reluctantly.Recently, the committee submitted its findings, saying fee hike by most schools is unjustified since meeting the increased salary grade of its teachers as per the Sixth Pay Commission was only a pretext to increase the fee. It said schools must immediately repay the increased fee with interest. The court is yet to take a call on the report. Apart from questioning the per hearing fee for the chairperson and members, the schools have argued they never sought scrutiny of their accounts but have been saddled with the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965774", "title": "Fair-skinned Indian women paid more to be surrogate mums", "text": "Fair-skinned high caste women are being paid 1,600 dollars more to be surrogate mothers than their dark-skinned, low-caste rivals, an Indian study has revealed .India has become a medical tourism destination for fertility treatment and surrogacy among both childless Western and Indian couples from around the world.But according to researchers, surrogate mothers still face discrimination over their caste, skin color and attractiveness despite the fact that the fetus they carry has none of their own genetic material, the New York Daily News reported.The survey by the women's health charity SAMA, carried out in-depth interviews with surrogate mothers, agents who commission them on behalf of couples suffering fertility problems, and gynecologists.They found that couples commonly insisted that the woman who carries their child should be beautiful, from their own or similar caste, and have fair skin - similar requirements to those expressed in India's notorious newspaper advertisements for brides and grooms.Researchers said that the demands reflect wider caste prejudices in India and among the Indian diaspora.\"Parents want someone from the same background in terms of caste and religion. When they are asked 'how does it matter?' they don't explain but they are willing to pay extra - up to one lakh rupees (1864 dollars) more. It's caste or religious prejudice and notional ideas or what is acceptable and unacceptable,\" Deepa, program coordinator at SAMA said.She said that while the surrogate mother merely gestates the fetus and does not contribute any of her own DNA to it, commissioning parents still think of her as a mother who contributes her \"body and blood\" to nourishing their child.For caste conscious Hindus this could be regarded as \"caste pollution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16980462", "title": "Keith Richards forced to apologize to Mick Jagger", "text": "Keith Richards had to apologize to Mick Jagger for insulting him-and the size of his manhood-before the Rolling Stones stalwarts could begin rehearsals for their upcoming 50th anniversary shows.The guitar great had poked fun at Jagger throughout his book, Life, revealing that his nicknames for the band mate were once \" Her Majesty \" and \" Brenda ,\" and claimed Jagger was packing a \"tiny todger.\"\"It was something to get out of the bloody way so we could get the band on the road... I said, 'Look forward, brother, look forward',\" Jagger told the Rolling Stone magazine.\"If you was married to somebody for 50 years, you can have your little spats here and there, and we don't mind having them in public occasionally. We can't get divorced - we're doing it for the kids!\"And Jagger acknowledges Richards's apology, adding, \"He did apologise, to my face, so you have to put all that sort of stuff away. (It's) water under the bridge, really.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16975155", "title": "Indore beautification cuts no ice with Indoreans", "text": "INDORE: The city is being cleaned up for the upcoming global investors' summit, which is scheduled to start from Sunday. ToI tried to find out how the city residents feel about tarring of roads and beautifying of some crossings by the civic body to improve the image of the city before the delegates come to Indore to attend the summit.\"The city is being spruced up for the investors meet, which seems to be the biggest event that the state government has undertaken. I feel a lot of effort and hard work have gone in planning this event, behind the curtains hence the better lighting and clean roads on the fore front, at least partially in the city and its good in its own way for the city.All this is good but I wonder whether this is going to continue after the summit is over, that will it be a sustainable standard of cleanliness or reality will hit hard and raw eventually\"said secretary, Indian Institute of Head and Neck Oncology,Indore Cancer Foundation Dr Digpal Dharkar.. A stretch of road from airport to Labhganga, venue for GIS, has been repaired and maintained clean for the summit.While secretary of Bar Association Indore, Amit Upadhyay, said, \"If we could keep our city so tidy and orderly throughout the year, we won't need such efforts for the investors to consider us as a good market. Lack of good connectivity has always been a major concern for our state and has kept the investors at bay so far. I appreciate the efforts put in by the government for this event and can only hope that whatever good it has done to the infrastructure in the city will last long.\" Even the AB road, which normally wears untidy and shabby look, has been beautified keeping in mind the GIS.India Against Corruption (IAC) local convener Prahlad Pandey shared his views on the subject. \"We wish that city remains clean and green throughout the year. But citizens of Indore know this cleanliness is only for a few days and will disappear soon after the summit is over.\"While the citizens here seem to be happy with the development but are not very assured about how long repair work may last.Mayor-in-Council and health in charge IMC Munnalal Yadav said, \"After every monsoon, road patch work done. Even last year, we got it done at a cost of Rs 10 crore. This year it's being done before time. Since there will be guests coming to the city for this summit, we have put in a little extra effort.\" \"Road patch work is also in progress in areas, which are in no way linked to the summit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975425", "title": "Same gang may be behind heists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Similarities between two cases of robbery in the southern parts of the city have led police to suspect that the same gang may be involved. In both cases, victims have reported being robbed at gunpoint by a duo on a bike.Bhupender Shaluja, (43) a businessman who lives in D-block of Amar Colony, reported a few days ago that two men on a grey scooter forced him to stop his car on Raja Dheer Singh Marg in East of Kailash while he was driving towards Kalkaji Temple in the morning. \"One of them made me take off my chain, bracelets, diamond and gold rings and then took away the cash from my wallet. They fled on the bike,\" he stated in his complaint.Geetanjali, 28, was also robbed by two men when she got inside her car after withdrawing cash from an ATM in Dwarka Sector 5 on Tuesday. The robbers forced her to drive around while they gathered her valuables, and then got off in a secluded area and left on a bike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16980555", "title": "Nokia launches Asha 308, 309 in India", "text": "CHENNAI: Finnish handset major Nokia is keen to take its popular Asha range of mobile phones across the globe as the company introduced two new models.The company currently retails high-end smartphones under the Lumia range to over 100 countries.\"We have not gone globally (through Asha range of Phones)\", Nokia India, regional general manager (south) TS Sridhar said unveiling dual-sim Asha 308 (Rs 6,149) and single sim Asha 309 (Rs 6,349) mobile phones today coinciding with their first anniversary.According to company officials, the company has planned to take the Asha range of phones, manufactured at its plant in Sriperumbudur near here, to over 100 countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16973899", "title": "6 seats reserved for women on Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation buses", "text": "MUMBAI: From now on, six seats will be reserved exclusively for women passengers travelling on ordinary, semi-luxury or Midi buses owned by the MSRTC. The facility will be given to women commuters travelling a distance of up to 150km.This means that though women travelling from Mumbai to Pune and Nashik will not get this privilege, those travelling from Mumbai to Alibaug, Panvel, Bhiwandi, Vashi or from Thane to Borivli or Mantralaya (Nariman Point) will benefit. Managing director, MSRTC, Deepak Kapoor said, \"We are introducing the reserved seats in our non-AC buses only and one cannot avail the same in any AC bus (Sheetal or Shivneri) belonging to the fleet. Women passengers travelling in any non-AC bus up to 150km can avail the privilege.\"The MSRTC will mark the seats and male passengers will be allowed to occupy these seats in the absence of women. Mukund Dhus, PRO, MSRTC, said, \"If any woman passenger boards the bus, she can instruct the conductor to get the seat vacated. This is the first time we are providing this facility for women.\"The BEST, too, has seats reserved for women. It had doubled the number of seats for women from six to 12 more than a year ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975203", "title": "Meta-course at least a year away, says Indian Institute of Technology Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi (IIT-D) will take another year to be a part of the meta-university concept. Unlike Delhi University and Jamia Millia Islamia which recently announced the country's first meta-university course, masters' in mathematics education, IIT-D doesn't have any imminent plans of starting any academic programme as part of the project. The institute, which is in talks with JNU for collaborative research activities under the project, is set to have a design innovation centre.Speaking about the meta-university concept, IIT-D director, R K Shevgaonkar, said, \"We had talks with JNU, but the plan will take another year or so to materialize. We also held discussions with DU and Jamia, but are yet to finalize the modalities. We want to start research collaboration with JNU in areas of public health, climate change and education.\" When IIT-D decides to launch academic programmes, students will get joint degrees with logos of all the four participating institutes.The design innovation centre will help students with entrepreneurial minds transform their ideas into products. It is expected to be functional in another six months. The centre has got the nod of the HRD ministry which has extended financial aid of Rs 25 crore for its construction.Meanwhile, IIT-D's 43rd convocation, on Sunday, will see the largest number of postgraduates and PhD holders (1006 and 199 respectively). In a first, graduates, postgraduates and PhDs will be conferred degrees on the same day.IIT-D is also introducing awards for distinguished alumni \u2014 amounting to Rs 5 crore \u2014 this year onwards. The alumni that will receive the awards are professor Trilochan Sastry of IIM, Bangalore, professor R C Budhani, director, National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi, Punita Kumar Sinha, founder and managing partner, Pacific Paradigm Advisors and professor Pawan Sinha, Massachussetts Institute of Technology, USA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16974979", "title": "What Eid ul Adha means to Bhopal residents...", "text": "BHOPAL: On the eve of Eid, the TOI spoke to some families on what the festival means to them even as they were busy giving finishing touches to the preparations.\"There is greater excitement for the Eid-ul-Fitr celebrated at the end of Ramadan after a month long fasting. But this Eid is more auspicious in terms of religious significance,\" said Faisal Qureshi, businessman.\"While a couple of goats are sacrificed at the house, the bigger animals like buffalos (equivalent to seven goats) are sacrificed at the farmhouse for the Qurbani,\" he said.For Farhan Ansari, vice president Reliance Industries Limited (RIL), this festival is a simple affair which 'inspires to sacrifice for Allah while the qurbani symbolizes resubmitting and surrendering.'\"We normally practise qurbani on the first day and all the three days is a feast where we love to welcome our relatives and friends to our home at their convenience,\" Ansari said. \"However,\" he added, \"This Eid would be simple in terms of celebration. We have lost a few dear ones... however our resolve to live the spirit of Eid-ul-Adha will be much greater.\"Mohib Ahmed, a counsellor with the Mahila Thana is a vegetarian. \"After the Eid prayer, my sons do the Qurbani. Besides, the goat is bought on the 2nd day of Eid for the sacrifice as the prices are sky high on the 1st day,\" she said.Talking about the preparations during the festival she said, \"Normally we cook the kaleji (liver) of the goat for lunch as it is easier and takes lesser time and we donate mostly to the cleaner and helper folks.\"\"Indeed we look forward to the Mithi Eid as this is more a solemn occasion but neighbours and friends are invited for the feast,\" she added.Criticizing the prevalent custom of organising elaborate feasts on this day, shair Manzar Bhopali said how the essence behind the festival has changed. \"These days it is more of a show-off where people sacrifice 10 goats and then organise extravagant feasts for their relatives and friends,\" he said.\"We definitely give one-third of the Qurbani to the neighbours and friends but no banquets are organised. The tradition in our family since childhood days has been that after the animals are sacrificed, the meat is distributed to the poor in the slums,\" he added.Traffic diversionsTraffic police has issued diversions for the festival of Eid-ul-Adha on Saturday. The diversions would be in place from 6 am to 11 am on Saturday during the namaz at the Idgah Hills.During the five hours in the morning on Saturday, movement of all heavy vehicles from Lalghati to Bhopal has been banned. During the same time entry of heavy vehicles would be prohibited at Pul Bogda, Bharat Talkies and Hamidia Road as well. These vehicles would be able to go from Ayodhya Bypass to the Bus Stand via Bhanpur or can travel via Bypass Road, Karond, Bhanpur, Anand Nagar etc. Passengers and private buses travelling from the bus stand to Indore Highway would have to take the Bhanpur Crossing, Karond Crossing, New Jail Gandhinagar Trisection and onwards.Vehicles coming for the namaz at the Idgah would travel through VIP Guest House, TB Hospital and would park at the ground in front of the Cancer Hospital.Similarly, light vehicles and two wheelers would travel GAD Crossing, Golghar and Taran Pushpar and would park at the designated parking space in front of the Idgah.Incase the parking space is filled; traffic police have said that the vehicles would be parked at the Bab-e-Ali stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16973984", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation plans to start family counselling centres", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation is planning to start family counselling centres at zone levels. The civic administration, which is acting on Central Government directives, has already given its nod to the proposal that will be tabled before the October 30 standing committee meeting for approval.Sources in NMC's social welfare department told TOI that the counselling centres will be named after late Anusayabai Kale and the civic administration has earmarked Rs 25 lakh in its 2012-2013 budget for the purpose.According to NMC's proposal, these centres will provide information to women about their rights, address issues of domestic violence and other social issues. Non-government organisations -- to be shorlisted by state's women commission -- will be involved and they will provide counselling to women to solve civil cases including family disputes, land disputes and disputes with government departments and organizations.NMC will provide basic facilities like land to run the centres apart from infrastructure like table, chairs, almirah, telephone connections etc. However, expenditure on telephone and electricity bills will be borne by the NGOs.\"Each centre will have three expert counsellors including two MSW graduates and one legal advisor. For counselors, preference will be given to female candidates. Through this service, we will be able to address most cases of marital disputes and the need to file an FIR may not arise,\" a senior social welfare department officer told TOI.Though the centre will function for eight hours a day, the civic body is also planning to start a 24x7 helpline. As per the government's directive, civic body will be responsible to send quarterly report to state's women commission. The officer said that family counselling services in other parts of the states including in rural areas had solved a significant number of cases. The aim was to enhance awareness among women on government welfare schemes and clear their doubts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16976581", "title": "Kanpur glows in pious celebration", "text": "KANPUR: The city's shopping hubs like Naveen Market, Govind Nagar and P Road Market witnessed brisk and enthusiastic shopping till midnight on the eve of Eid-Ul-Zuha here on Friday. Renowned eateries also stayed open till late as a large number of people enjoyed traditional delicacies like kebabs, lal roti, and hot favourite biryani.Early on Friday, as goats were brought to the market for sale, homes were abuzz with preparations for the festive feast on Saturday. While the men met after Friday prayers and discussed plans for get-togethers, the women were witnessed applying mehendi and buying bangles in the market.While people lined up an array of delicacies like qorma, biryani, zarda and phirni for Saturday, they have also planned dishes like dahi-vada, kanji and chhole for their vegetarian friends. City resident Roshni Alam plans to team up non-vegetarian delicacies like kebabs, tandoori chicken, mutton curry and mutton grill with naan and rumali roti, which are loved by her family members.For Alisha Khan, a bank employee, the festival will start as her husband and children return from the Eid prayers. She has decided to give a new colouring kit to her kids as 'Eidi,' a tradition wherein children are given gifts by their elders on the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16976442", "title": "Chief minister asks officials to speed up Greater Ranchi project", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Friday asked officials to expedite the Greater Ranchi project as delay will only lead to increase in cost.The directive was issued by Munda during the meeting of Greater Ranchi Development Authority (GRDA) at state secretariat. \"Instead of wasting time we should start off with the project and try to prevent cost escalation,\" said Munda. The first phase of the new township will come up in the vacant land of Heavy Engineering Corporation Limited and adjoining areas.Sources in GRDA said the consultant for the project has already prepared a blueprint of the core capital area replete with government offices, residences of ministers and officers along with high court, assembly and Raj Bhawan. The authority has plans to lay the foundation stone of the project, which will come up on around 2,000 acre, within a month.\"The chief minister also expressed his desire to have a dedicated building for space application centre which will be dedicated for research work in various fields for benefit of the state,\" said a source present at the meeting.This was the first meeting of the chief minister at the state secretariat in the past five months. After the chopper crash in May he had not attended any meeting at the secretariat. All important meetings were organized at his residence as he was advised by doctors not to sit for long hours.\"Now that he is completely fit he decided to attend office at the secretariat from today,\" said a source.During his stay at the secretariat he took part in four meetings including the meeting of state cabinet and one on urban local bodies. He also disposed some official files and had discussions with senior officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16975655", "title": "Cops suspect minor involved in sex racket", "text": "KOZHIKODE: More arrests are likely in the sex racket case that was unearthed by the Medical College police two days ago. Police have arrested five persons in the racket from a flat at Arayidathupalam here.Sources said a minor girl, who is the daughter of one of the accused, is also involved in the case. It is learnt that the girl is already in police custody, but police refused to confirm it.The girl had discontinued her studies to join the racket along with her mother. Police said if the role of the girl is confirmed, the case would assume serious dimension. The charge of rape will have to be incorporated along with immoral traffic and running a brothel, if a minor girl is involved in the case. Meanwhile, police are gathering the mobile phone call details of all the accused.It is suspected that the racket arranged women from Bangalore and Mysore to the customers in the city.The investigators are also collecting the details of the bank accounts of the accused to find out the ways of money transactions.The accused, Dennis and Reena Joseph, were operating independently, but two years ago they joined hands to run the business in various parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16973926", "title": "Fernando Alonso looking for 'four perfect races'", "text": "NEW DELHI: In 16 races this season, there were only two instances when Fernando Alonso didn't finish the race and with points against his name. The biggest of those non-finishes came in Suzuka which primarily cost him the lead in the drivers championship by the smallest of margins to Sebastian Vettel .Starting from Malaysia at the start of the year, the Ferrari driver has pushed his struggling team to the limit. After qualifying ninth in Sepang, Alonso put up a phenomenal drive to take the lead in wet conditions, going on to win it by keeping a charging Sergio Perez of Sauber at bay.Now with four races left this year and a mere six points separating Vettel and Alonso, the latter is hoping for 'four perfect races'. \"We were leading until Korea thanks to our consistency and by not making mistakes. We had 16 perfect races as a team and need to do another four. If we can have four perfect races we can win the championship,\" Alonso said here at the Buddh International circuit .The 2005 and 2006 champion has had a near perfect season for far in a car that has been struggling for pace. A rejuvenated Red Bull, though, are looking like a hard nut to crack with Vettel being on fire, winning the last three races on the trot.\"In the last few races, Red Bull have been very strong and very quick. We need to improve our situation and level of competitiveness.\"The motivation is better than ever - not just for me but the whole team. Eveyone wants to win this championship. Now with four races and a month to go, it is time for full attack,\" the 31-year-old said.In both his title wins in 2005 and 2006, Alonso had seven wins each on his way to the crown with Renault . This year has been vastly different with Alonso's class behind the wheel powering the Prancing Horse to nine podium finishes in 16 races so far with three victories.Asked what kind of battle lies ahead in one of the most competitive championships in recent years, Alonso said, \"It will be a battle of package. Everyone will have their own strong points and weaknesses. Red Bull has the fastest car, this is a point they will use,\" Alonso, who was third fastest behind the two Red Bulls in both practice sessions for the Indian Grand Prix, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16974280", "title": "Vice-chairperson south Goa zilla panchayat submits resignation", "text": "MARGAO: Stepping up the ante against the government for its failure to devolve powers or funds to panchayats, South Goa zilla panchayat vice-chairperson Daya Pagi submitted his resignation during the quarterly ZP meeting on Friday.Pagi, who has completed a year as vice-chairperson, said he was resigning to protest the government's delay in implementing the ZPs' long-standing demands. This delay continues despite recommendations made by the first and second finance commissions that the requisite 73rd and 74th constitutional amendments should be implemented, he said.Pagi's frustration against the government was reiterated by chairperson Nelly Rodrigues who said members from both north and south want their demands to be immediately implemented. \"The primary goal for us is to get the promised funds from the government to usher in development in rural areas,\" she said.Pagi said, \"It has been seven months since the government was elected and when it was elected there was hope that it would listen to what has been our main demand for so long. I hope things change for the better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16976315", "title": "CPM offers new alternative to 'corrupt' BJP, Congress", "text": "SHIMLA: High on its victory in the Shimla municipal corporation elections earlier this year, the state unit of CPM is roping in politicians from the Centre to campaign in poll-bound Himachal Pradesh. Former MP Subhashini Ali addressed media persons in Shimla on Friday, saying, \"BJP and Congress are on the same plane -- promoting corruption, privatization in education, price hike and unemployment in the state.\" CPM, she said, would provide a new alternative and focus on all round development of the state.The party has lined up more candidates for campaigning in the next few days and stalwarts including Vijay Raghavan, Brinda Karat , Sitaram Yechuri and Yusuf Tarigami will be joining the election trail.Accusing the BJP-led state government of selling land to outsiders in name of private universities, Ali added that Congress is also involved in the process as land in HP has been given to Congress politicians like Kanda for setting up a private university.Instead of providing subsidized cold storage plants to locals, the same have been given out to Adani group and Devbhumi, thereby benefiting outsiders. \"The state has a population of 60 lakh and, out of these, 10 lakh people are unemployed,\" said Ali and added that during the Congress rule in the state, nearly 35,000 posts were lying vacant. With BJP coming to power, these posts were scrapped and jobs given on contract, she said.\"In its manifesto, the BJP has promised induction plates to 14 lakh persons. Our question is, who will be responsible for the inflated electricity bills later, as already the Congress (led UPA) in Centre has reduced subsidy on cylinders,\" the Left leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16980071", "title": "Firstsource to pursue large deal opportunities", "text": "MUMBAI: BPO provider Firstsource Solutions, which was acquired by Sanjiv Goenka promoted CESC, expects to pursue large deal opportunities it could not address earlier because of the overhang of its convertible bonds that were coming up for repayment.In December, the company will repay $ 237 million to bondholders through a mix of cash reserves ($ 137 million), the monies raised through the preferential allotment of shares to CESC ($ 50 million) and through debt ($ 50 million).\"\"This will deplete our cash reserves but we will maintain solvency,\"\" said Rajesh Subramaniam, MD and CEO, Firstsource Solutions. Firstsource will pay bondholders $ 137 million from its cash reserves. It also expects to generate more cash from the business in the remaining two months of the quarter.\"We plan very aggressive penetration into some of the deals from which we have recused ourselves in the past,\" Subramaniam said. The company plans to go after transformation deals in customer management where, Subramaniam said, working outlay may have been constraint in the past.Healthcare, where it has the largest percentage of revenues compared to other BPO providers, is expected to witness a boom because of US healthcare reforms. Mr Subramanian said the company will look at three investment areas: healthcare, transformation deals in customer management, and in technology such as platforms and for internal use. It will also invest in creating centres of excellence.Firstsource posted a net profit of Rs 36 crore on revenues of Rs 717.6 crore for the second quarter ended September 2012. Net profit zoomed 24% sequentially and revenues grew 6%. Shares of Firstsource, which have up run up 50% over the last one month, ended 13% lower to Rs 12.34 on BSE on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978668", "title": "Rajkumar called Hubli 'hoo-balli': Shivarajkumar", "text": "Who can forget the visuals of Dr Rajkumar singing Huttiddare Kannada Nadalli Huttabeku... from Akasmika with the backdrop of Kittur Rani Chennamma Circle. This, arguably, is one of the best representations of Hubli in Kannada films, something that every resident holds with pride.The late legendary actor, in fact, has a deeper connect with the city. His first-born, Shivarajkumar, reminisces how his father nurtured a special place for the city, which formed a part of his roots, in his heart. \"My father had a very special connection with this city. He spent many of his formative years in the mathas in the city,\" he says.The actor tells us that his father was part of the Siddharooda Matha, where he learnt singing and yoga among other things. \"My father used to remember those days in the Matha very fondly. Even his first tryst with acting and theatre happened during his stay in Hubli. He used to revisit the place every time he was shooting in the city,\" says Shivarajkumar.The actor also tells us that his father, who used to love traditional food, savoured the treats from the region. \"Be it the Dharwad peda, the kunda or the karadantu, he used to eat each of these fondly. He also liked the cuisine in this region because the people here prepare it with minimal oil and it makes for light eating,\" says Shivarajkumar.The legendary Kannada actor, it seems, also used to have a special name for the city. \"Appaji used refer to the city as Hoo-balli, a bough of flowers. He used to be amazed at the rich cultural heritage in the region and the people's love for their own literature and arts. This made him fondly give the city this name,\" says Shivarajkumar.The Rajkumar family, in fact, has very fond memories of Hubli because they have enjoyed great runs of all their home productions in certain cinema halls in the city. \"Right from the trips I used to make as a child with my father to the films of my brothers and mine, I remember how cinema halls have been supportive of the film industry and have hosted parties to celebrate the successes of our films,\" recalls Shivarajkumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16974338", "title": "HC passes order to enhance aid for kin of accident victim", "text": "MADURAI: The Madras high court bench in Madurai has passed an order by enhancing the compensation amount from Rs 85,000 to Rs 2.51 lakh to the family of a accident victim.S Govindarajan was a retired employee of the postal department. He was hit by a van on November 4, 2008 when he was riding his motorcycle and died on the spot.Alleging loss of dependency and loss of love and affection, the claimants, his wife Vijaya and mother Pattammal, filed a claim petition before the Motor Accidents Claims Tribunal (chief judicial magistrate), Thanjavur at Kumbakonam, claiming a sum of Rs 15 lakh as compensation. The claimants had said in their petition that the deceased Govindarajan was into real estate business after his retirement by which he was able to earn Rs 30,000 per month. Based on this, they had claimed Rs 15 lakh as compensation.But, the tribunal in its order dated May 25, 2011 awarded a sum of Rs 85,000 as compensation with interest at 7.5% per annum.The funeral expenses, transport expenses and loss of love and affection were considered by the tribunal while making the award, but the loss of dependency was not considered by it.Aggrieved by the order, the claimants filed an appeal before the Madras high court bench in Madurai, which was heard by Justice S Vimala who passed an order by enhancing the compensation amount to Rs.2.51 lakh.The judge said, \"While considering the claim for loss of dependency, the tribunal gave a reasoning that the deceased had been receiving 100% pension benefit, out of which 70% is received by his wife and mother as family pension and the remaining 30% deducted towards personal expenses of the deceased. Therefore, there was no loss of income to the family. Therefore, there is no basis to award compensation for the loss of dependency. The basic principle in award of compensation is that what is lost on account of death of the deceased has to be awarded as compensation.\"The counsel for the Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited, Madurai had submitted in the appeal that as the deceased was an aged person and retired from the postal department, he would not have been an earning member.The judge pointed out in the judgment that work always make people happier and healthier. Only keeping this in mind, many of them go for part-time, weekend or out-of-office hours jobs. Therefore, the contention of the claimants that even after retirement the deceased had been employed and working/earning, cannot be discarded.\"In the absence of corroborative evidence regarding the income of the deceased, it is appropriate to take the monthly income of the deceased at Rs 3,000 per month. Deducting one-third towards personal expenses of the deceased, the contribution to the family will be Rs 2,000 per month. The deceased was aged 58 years at the time of the accident. Therefore, the loss of dependency would be Rs 2.16 lakh.\"The total compensation is quantified at Rs 2.51 lakh. The interest rate fixed by the tribunal at 7.5% per annum, from the date of petition, remains unaltered,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad/warangal", "code": "16975521", "title": "Kotla, Naik claim summons from Delhi", "text": "HYDERABAD/WARANGAL: Heightening the suspense over the cabinet reshuffle and as to who could end up joining the Manmohan Singh ministry, two Congress leaders from the state claimed on Friday that they have received the elusive call from New Delhi asking them to be available on Sunday, the speculated day of cabinet expansion. The two are first-time Telangana MP Porika Balaram Naik and Kurnool Congress MP Kotla Suryaprakash Reddy.Both of them claimed that they received the summons but were either secretive or unable to state as to who had called them.In the meantime, newly-inducted Congress MP Chiranjeevi, whose aides have been claiming that he would be inducted as a minister in the UPA government, was yet to receive any call as of Friday evening. Chiru's aides, all of them from his erstwhile PRP, held an emergency meeting on Friday and expressed the confidence that their leader would be inducted. Chiranjeevi is slated to lead a big delegation of his supporters to New Delhi on Saturday. Others who are still hopeful of making it to the Manmohan Singh ministry include MPs Sarve Satyanarayana, Anjan Kumar Yadav and Renuka Chowdhary.An elated Balaram Naik said on Friday: \"I never expected it. Congress president Sonia Gandhi recognized our community's services to the party and is giving me a chance in the cabinet,\" said the MP from the Banjara (ST) community. While analysts see the move as a Congress ploy to silence the pro-Telangana groups till 2014 elections, Balaram was hopeful that Sonia would grant the separate state very soon. Sources said the 48-year-old MP, fancying his chances, recently met party general secretary Rahul Gandhi in Delhi.The MP, who represents Mahabubabad constituency in Warangal district, said he had requested Sonia Gandhi to give representation to the Banjara community in the cabinet. \"No government had given the opportunity to Banjaras since Independence to serve in the cabinet,\" he told TOI. Observers said the high command plumped for Balaram following the strong presence of STs in Telangana region and the prevailing T-sentiment.A former APSP constable, Balaram was a late entrant to politics. As luck would have it, he was asked to contest from the Mahabubabad LS seat in 2009 though he was looking for an opportunity to enter the AP assembly from the same constituency.After a two-year stint as an APSP cop at Mulug police station till 1984, he worked as a telephone operator in the secretariat for a decade. He quit his job and forayed into the real estate sector.Apart from Balaram, party MP from Kurnool Kotla Suryaprakash Reddy also received a call from the high command. Political observers said what clinched the issue in favour of Kotla was his unflinching loyalty to the party. \"He was very vocal against Jaganmohan Reddy and his YSR Congress which has also helped his cause,\" an observer said. \"The party believes Suryaprakash has the wherewithal to take on not only TDP but also the YSR CP in Kurnool district and hence, is strengthening his hands by making him a minister,\" a party insider said. Sources said Suryaprakash was apparently chosen to counter YSR CP leader Bhuma Nagi Reddy and his wife Shobha, who are politically strong in the district. Suryaprakash, son of the former chief minister Kotla Vijayabhaskara Reddy, was informed of his inclusion on Thursday itself, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16976496", "title": "Union Cabinet reshuffle: Subodh Kant Sahay rushes to Delhi", "text": "RANCHI: Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay cancelled all his engagements in the city and rushed to New Delhi. Sources close to the minister said that he rushed to New Delhi on the summon of Congress high command.However, before leaving for New Delhi by a service flight late in the evening Sahay, who is also the local MP, said, \"I am always there to serve the people of Jharkhand. Even if I am not in the Union cabinet, I am always there for the people of Jharkhand and my voters of Ranchi.\"A senior member of Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee (JPCC) said that Sahay was summoned by the party high command for his resignation.\"He will be asked by the party high command to resign from the cabinet and pave way for a new face. The party was actually waiting for the cabinet reshuffle to get rid of Sahay who had brought embarrassment by writing recommendation to Prime Minister for allocation of coal blocks to the company with which one of his younger brothers is associated,\" said the JPCC member.The Union cabinet is likely to be reshuffled on Sunday and before this all the ministers, who are likely to be removed have been asked to tender resignation. \"We expect that the new face from Jharkhand in the cabinet will be Rajya Sabha MP Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu, who is also the JPCC chief,\" said the source adding that Sahay is likely to replace Balmuchu as JPCC chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16973817", "title": "On the eve of Eid, Pakistan kids get a gift of heart", "text": "NAGPUR: Parents of Riyaz and Hossain, two young boys from Sindh region in Pakistan, couldn't have got a better EId present. Their sons were operated successfully for severe birth defects in their heart at the Care Hospital on the eve of Bakri Eid. Their joy knew no bounds when they were told by the doctors on Friday that both the children can now lead a completely normal life.The two boys now want to become heart surgeons themselves. The desire was born almost simultaneously in the two boys after their operation. While Riyaz wants to come back to India and serve as a doctor here as the country gave him a new lease of life, Hossain wants to serve people in Pakistan as that country still lacks the facilities for difficult heart surgeries.As the two families ate Biryani prepared especially for them by the families of Rotarians in city, back home their families distributed the Kurbani ka Gosht and Sewai among friends. It was a usual ritual this time with an incomparable feeling of achievement.The two boys are in city for their heart surgeries as a part of the 'Save the Little Hearts' project of Rotary Club of Nagpur which has now become a national initiative of Rotary Club in the country. Both boys were operated by Dr Saurabh Varshney, cardiac surgeon at Care. A third child, Mariyam, also from Sindh region of Pakistan, will reach city on Saturday and will be operated by him. \"The surgeries are not very uncommon or difficult but without them, the boys would not have lived long or normally,\" said Dr Varshney. Dr Ram Ghodeswar, cardiologist, and Dr Manish Sonkusare, anaesthesian, assisted him.An overwhelmed Hamida, Riyaz's mother, told TOI she would remember this Eid all her life. \"I have no regrets for not being home with my family. I have no words to describe my feelings. Me and my husband, a school teacher and an epileptic, could have never dreamt that the almighty could be so kind to us. The doctors, the hospital staff and the Rotarians all have been very good,\" she said.Hossain's father Maula Bakhsh too couldn't believe his luck. \"My son was taken inside an operation theatre two years back and couldn't be operated as his defect was too big to be corrected by the doctors there. I can't but thank the doctors here for the marvellous job,\" he said.On his part 13-year-old Riyaz, a die hard fan of Shah Rukh Khan and Indian Hindi movies in general, was happy that the sound of guns fired after the India Pakistan match and the honking of horns will no longer scare him. Hossain, 14, who lived a painful life shuttling between school and home unable to do anything more, is happy he can play and run. \"I wish I was home today to celebrate Eid but the pleasure is no less here. The thought of celebrations at home are equally satisfying,\" he said showing the Mehndi on his palms, a ritual associated with Eid in Pakistan.The project to get 200 Pakistan children operated in India was launched by the former district governor of Rotary Club 3030 Madhu Rughwani and is now the biggest project of Rotary India Humanity Foundation. \"We are especially thankful to the media of two countries- specially Jung from Pakistan and The Times of India- for promoting peace between two countries. It was through the newspapers that these families approached the Rotary Club in Pakistan for surgeries,\" said Rughwani.Rotarians Rajeev Agrawal, Shabbir Shakir and Manoj Soni, who were there to greet the children and their parents at the hospital, said support from Care Managing Director Dr Varun Bhargava and his staff was exemplary.nder the 'Aman Ki Asha Heart to Heart' initiative at Care Hospital, on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16975651", "title": "First public-private partnership hospital in state expands services", "text": "JAIPUR: The first hospital opened under public-private partnership (PPP) in the state, Metro MAS Hospital and Heart Institute, from Friday started facilities like operation theatre, indoor wards, ICUs, emergency and ambulance services in the Mansarovar area of the city.The hospital that had begun its operations on September 2, 2012, so far only had the OPD facility.Metro Group of Hospitals chairman Dr Purshottam Lal said \"There would be 60 beds for indoor patients and as many as 20% of beds will be reserved for the BPL category, who will be treated free-of-cost. Around 30% beds would be reserved for government employees and pensioners,\" the officials said.An hospital official claimed that they have adopted the guidelines of National Accreditation Board for Hospitals and Healthcare Providers ( NABH). The hospital is equipped with five types of ICUs laced with ultra modern instruments and techniques with modular systems in the OT and Central Medical Gas Line. Also life-saving kits have been kept at every point.Dr Deepak Yaduvanshi, hospital's medical director, said that the hospital currently has 15 beds in the ICU category, 10 beds in the Cardiac Care Unit and 25 beds in the general ward. \"Now, the hospital is running all kinds of OPDs, indoor wards, emergency wards, dialysis wards, Cath Lab and ambulance services,\" he said, adding that from December onwards, the hospital will be operating to its full capacity of 220 beds.The hospital official also said that there would be reservation for BPL patients and state government officials in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16974434", "title": "Four held in kidnap for ransom case", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an early morning operation, the city police foiled a kidnap for ransom plot with the arrest of three persons from Lakshmi Mills junction on Friday. The accused had kidnapped two people in a car near a shopping mall on Brooke Bond road on Thursday evening. They demanded Rs 20 lakh as ransom initially but later settled for Rs 2 lakh. Police were informed about the incident and they deployed a decoy and arrested the mastermind and two others involved. The city police arrested another person involved in the crime, Anburaj, on Friday evening.The kidnappers have been identified as K Saravanan, 35 of Pattanam Pudur, N Murugan, 44, a driver hailing from Saravanampatti, V Peter, 32 of Pillaiyarpuram and Anburaj. Police said Saravanan was a repeat offender facing three murder cases in Race Course, Ramanathapuram and Sulur police stations, in addition to eight robbery cases.Police said A Selvaraj, 34, a painter hailing from Sirumugai and his friend S Moorthy, 30, from Avinashi, who runs a textile unit had come to Coimbatore on Thursday. They are collection agents for the financial firm Fine Future. A six member gang had conspired to kidnap the duo for ransom and followed them for two days. Around 5 pm on Thursday, Selvaraj and Moorthy were standing near Brooke Field Shopping mall on the Brooke Bond road. A cab driver approached the duo who told him they wanted to go to Saravanampatti.As Selvaraj and Moorthy were getting into the car, five more persons squeezed in too. Saravanan threatened them at knife point. They were blindfolded and taken to Pollachi. Selvaraj was beaten up by the gang. The duo eventually realized that the car driver was also involved in their kidnap. They were confined in a house while the gang tried to extort money from their family members.A Mudiyappan, 33, also from Avinashi and a friend of the victims, had informed the city police about the kidnap for ransom, late on Thursday night. The city police had set up a head constable as decoy, giving him Rs 2 lakh in a bag. The decoy was instructed by the gang to wait near Tamil Nadu hotel. On Friday, around 1.30 am, he was asked to come to Lakshmi Mills Junction to hand over the money to the gang.Assistant commissioner of police (crime- east sub division) K Ramachandran, Inspectors S Chandramohan (cyber crime), D Suresh ( Peelamedu police station) and their teams were in plain cloths in four cabs at the junction. The prime accused Saravanan who was riding pillion on a motorcycle came to the junction and tried to snatch the bag from the decoy. But he refused to handover the bag. Saravanan brandished a knife and snatched the bag. At this point, the police nabbed Saravanan while the bike rider managed to flee.Based on Saravanan's information, the police rushed to a house in Amman Kulam where the duo was confined and rescued them. Police arrested driver Murugan and one of the gang members Peter. Two kidnappers, Srinivasan and another Saravanan are absconding.\"After being notified about the kidnap, the special teams took immediate steps to rescue the victims. City police officers did excellent work and busted the racket,\" said A K Viswanathan, city police commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "16978259", "title": "Saina Nehwal enters French Open semifinal", "text": "PARIS: Top seed Saina Nehwal drew from her reservoir of experience to enter the French Open semifinal after a straight-game win over Thai teen Ratchanok Intanon in the quarterfinal.The world number three Indian won 22-20, 22-20 in a 42-minute clash during which she was given some anxious moments by the 17-year-old Thai, who is ranked 10th in the international list and seeded seventh in the event.Saina, fresh from her Denmark Open triumph last week, will now be up against fourth-seeded German Juliane Schenk, who powered past upcoming Chinese player Chen Xiao Jia 21-10 21-14.It will be a replay of the Denmark Open final in which London Olympics bronze-medallist Saina had emerged triumphant to clinch her second Super series Premier title.In yesterday's match, Saina started well, taking an 11-7 lead in the first game but Intanon came back strongly to make it 20-20 before the Indian managed to clinch it with her eighth trademark smash of the game.The second game followed a similar script as Intanon tested Saina with her fine strokeplay. But the 22-year-old Hyderabadi drew from experience to come out triumphant and inch closer to her third Super Series title this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975814", "title": "Delhi berth for Ghani Khan Choudhury brother?", "text": "KOLKATA: Six years after the death of ABA Ghani Khan Choudhury, Malda's famed Kotwali House is likely to get another Union minister. His brother Abu Hasem Khan Choudhury on Friday indicated that he had received the much-anticipated call asking him to be present at Rashtrapati Bhawan on Sunday.But before Malda could erupt in joy, Congress MLA of Englishbazar, Krishnendu Narayan Chowdhury, announced that he wasn't averse to severing ties with Congress again and joining the Trinamool Congress as he was opposed to the \"dynastic politics\" of Khan Chowdhury family. Chowdhury's statement evoked expected reactions in the Trinamool - including chief minister Mamata Banerjee herself - who welcomed his decision.Pradesh Congress spokesperson Abdul Mannan said Chowdhury hadn't formally resigned yet. \"He was with the Trinamool before and yet, had decided to contest the 2001 assembly elections in open defiance of the Congress-Trinamool alliance. In 2006, he returned to the Congress fold and won, but not before making several derogatory remarks on the Trinamool supremo,\" said Mannan.Chowdhury, on the other hand, claimed that his decision to quit came because \"loyal partyworkers had been completely sidelined\" and leaders like him were \"harassed\".This remained the only aberration in a day when the entire Pradesh Congress leadership remained engrossed in the developments in New Delhi - or more precisely, awaited the coveted call from PMO. Abu Hasem, who studied in the UK and Canada, is a two-time MP from Malda and was tipped for a possible berth for long.That an MP representing the minority community would get a berth in the Manmohan Singh government was expected considering the minority-dominated constituencies all the six Congress Lok Sabha MPs represent in Bengal. Plus, half of these six MPs are from the minority community themselves.Other than Chowdhury, Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya, widely tipped for the second slot in the cabinet from Bengal, is also leaving for New Delhi on Saturday. Bhattacharya, though, scoffed at any suggestions that he has been invited to Rashtrapati Bhawan on Sunday: \"I didn't receive any call. I am hearing about it from you.\"Bhattacharya's likely induction is also expected to pave the way for Murshidabad strongman Adhir Choudhury to take over as the Pradesh Congress chief. \"I can't comment on what can happen. I am a party worker and if entrusted with a bigger responsibility, I will try my best to live up to the trust placed by my high-command,\" said Adhir.Deepa Das Munshi, another possible contender for a ministerial berth, remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16976449", "title": "Pyari-Naveen war intensifies", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The war of attrition within the ruling BJD turned uglier on Friday with dissident leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra firing a fresh salvo against chief minister Naveen Patnaik and the latter's supporters demanding the former to resign from the Rajya Sabha.As perceptible panic gripped the regional party, Pyari stepped up his attack on Naveen, alleging that the chief minister's colleagues as well as some transport department officers were attempting to sabotage the newly created Odisha Jan Morcha's (OJM) maiden rally in Bhubaneswar on Sunday. This coincided with some BJD activists burning posters of Pyari at Raj Mahal Square here condemning his criticism of Naveen.On a day Naveen left on a five-day trip to New Delhi, Pyari said energy minister Arun Sahu and some regional transport officers were threatening vehicle owners against giving their vehicles to people planning to attend the morcha event. \"These are desperate attempts and despicable,\" Pyari said in his second letter to Naveen in two days. \"Much worse is the news of your instructions in Naveen Niwas yesterday (Oct 25) to the local party leaders of BJD to prevent people of Bhubaneswar from coming to the rally, whatever may be the expense,\" he alleged, adding, \"If the head of the government indulges in such highly illegal, undemocratic and unconstitutional means, can one say that rule of law exists in Odisha, especially for the Odisha Jan Morcha?\"The chief minister, who had in the wake of Pyari's alleged May 29 failed coup against him termed his former close aide as 'beimaan (traitor)', rubbished the allegations leveled by Pyari against him. \"The allegations in the letter are all false and baseless,\" Naveen said, referring to Pyari's letter to him on Thursday. Pyari had accused Naveen of 'misusing' the police and engaging in 'unscrupulous' and 'undemocratic' actions to disrupt the rally by the morcha, ostensibly formed to reform the BJD.Minister Arun Sahu denied Pyari's charges against him, saying: \"Someone who has never contested a direct election can only make such baseless allegations. He is doing all this to help the Congress return to power.\" As the dynamics within BJD changes, it is pertinent to note that Sahu was not too long ago considered close to Pyari.OJM's secretary general Jagneswar reiterated Pyari's allegations at a media conference and warned officers not to get politically motivated. \"I want to tell the officers that no one can give them permanent protection,\" he said, while alleging that Naveen and Co was attempting to prevent people from attending the morcha's rally through the administration.Countering the morcha's onslaught against Naveen, government deputy whip Sanjay Dasburma, who heads the BJD's youth wing, pressed for Pyari's immediate dismissal from the party. \"He (Pyari) will pay a heavy price for castigating the BJD after becoming RS member twice on a party ticket,\" Dasburma told a press conference. To intensify the demand for Pyari's ouster, the BJD's women wing is slated to demonstrate in front of the morcha's city office at Sahid Nagar here on Saturday, party sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16975078", "title": "9 writers get Bendre award", "text": "DHARWAD: Rich tributes were paid to Jnanpith awardee Dattatraya Ramachandra Bendre at a function organized by Dr Da Ra Bendre National Memorial Trust at Sadhanakeri to mark the poet's 32nd death anniversary here on Friday. Speaking on the uniqueness of Bendre's poetry, writer S Diwakar described him as a visionary and said his poetry was an all-pervasive form of art still used in telling folklores, and as hymns and chants. He employed many points of views and thoughts while writing poems.Professor K S Sharma and Vaman Bendre released Chanaveera Kanavi's book 'Bendre Kavyada Kuhukkuhoo' and H B Pujar's 'Bendre Anadaddu, Aadiddu'.On the occasion, poet G K Ravindrakumar, trust chairman Shyamsunder Bidarkundi, Narasimha Paranjape and assistant director of Kannada and culture B D Hiregoudar presented the awards instituted by the trust to nine young writers. The award carries a cash prize of Rs 5,000 and a citation. The awardees include Saif Kottur, Kanad Raghav, Lakshman Badami, B S Vinay, K S Chaitra, Girish Jakapure, Raju Gaddi and Ja Na Tejashri. Shivaraj Betadur of Raichur, who was among the awardees, refused to share the award and abstained from the function.The trust started awarding young writers in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16975441", "title": "Increasing rape cases in Madhya Pradesh is mattter of concern", "text": "Madhya Pradesh continues to be the rape capital of the country. After women (NCRB report of 2011), it has now earned the dubious distinction of being the state with the highest number of rape cases against minor girls. The damning report has come at a time when the state government has been vigorously pursuing its much-hyped Beti Bachao abhiyan, the flagship scheme of the government for the girls. It's a matter of concern that even after much propaganda, the ground reality is different and a lot needs to be done to actually save girls.Related story: Chilling reality: Madhya Pradesh tops in child rape, foeticide", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16975226", "title": "Spirit of sacrifice marks Eid", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore Khazi Twaka Ahmed Musliyar while delivering Eid sermon at Idgah Masjid near Light House in the city on Friday urged Muslims to adhere to their religion and not to indulge in any unlawful activities. \"A Muslim will celebrate Eid-ul-Adha with a readiness to sacrifice anything for the almighty. This festival upholds human dignity and one cannot misuse the day for any frivolous activity,\" Musliyar said. Eid-ul-Adha or Bakrid, the festival of sacrifice, was celebrated with gaiety by Muslims in the city.Hundreds of Muslims thronged masjids and idgahs early in the day and offered special Eid prayers and special duas for global peace and harmony. Women and children too participated in prayers in places. Maulavi Abdul Azeez led Eid prayers at Noor Masjid in Hampankatta. He called upon Muslims to emulate the example of Prophet Ibrahim and uphold Islamic unity and brotherhood.\"Islam does not allow groupism and divisions. Muslims should abide by the teachings of the prophet,\" he added.Bakrid, which is the second major festival in the Islamic calendar, commemorate the sacrifice of Prophet Ibraheem. The festival also marks the completion of Haj, the last of the five pillars of Islam. City police commissioner Manish Kharbikar visited idgah and gave Eid message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16973896", "title": "Commuters help save child, kidnapper flees", "text": "MUMBAI: High drama prevailed inside a local train and on the platform at Nalasopara station when a 15-month-old child, son of a watchman, was kidnapped from the building where he was employed and stayed in Bhayander (E) on Thursday night by the brother of a resident.The child was rescued by another resident of the building who chased the kidnapper in the local train till Nalasopara. The kidnapper managed to escape from the custody of the railway police. Keyar Singh (55) works as a watchman in Ajmal Rajmal building on S V Road. He stays in the building premises with his second wife Kamala and three children Tulsa (8), Shivraj (7) and Shyamsunder (15 months).On Thusday night when he was in the kitchen and Kamala was away, the accused Vikramsingh Rajput (25) picked up Shyamsunder and left the building. Masraram Prajapat (24) who runs a steel vessel shop in the building, saw Rajput leaving with the child. He informed Keyar and followed him. Prajapat knew Rajput as he often visited his brother Vasantsingh who stays in the same building. Vasantsingh, who runs a vada pav stall in the locality, had gone to his wife's home town. Rajput reached platform No. 1 and boarded the Virar train along with the child. Prajapat managed to get into the same compartment. He got into an argument with Rajput. Shyamsunder began crying and it alerted the commuters. They questioned both Rajput and Prajapat.Sensing foul play, the commuters forced the two to alight at Nalasopara railway station at around 8pm. The commuters suspected both had kidnapped the child and began beating up both Rajput and Prajapat. The two were taken to the Vasai GRP, where Prajapat pleaded innocence. Even as the police were questioning Prajapat, Rajput managed to escape. Prajapat telephoned Keyar who told the police it was Rajput who had kidnapped his son.The Vasai GRP transferred the case to the Navghar police but kept insisting the accused was in their custody. It was only by late noon that the railway police admitted Rajput had given them a slip.Dinkar Pingle of Navghar police said the motive behind the kidnap was not known. They are waiting for the accused's brother to return. Residents of the building said Rajput was an alcoholic and was unemployed. He has been booked under section 363 (kidnapping) of the Indian Penal Code. The police believe he may have fled to his home town in Bakarpura in Barmer district of Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16975269", "title": "Dasara elephants were given a farewell at a formal ceremony here on Friday", "text": "MYSORE: Dasara elephants were given a farewell at a formal ceremony here on Friday.The elephants, including howdah elephant Arjuna, which took part in Dasara celebrations, were served jaggery and sugarcane after puja at the Palace premises. DC P S Vastrad, police commissioner K L Sudheer and forest officers saw the elephants off.A section of elephants was here for 50 days, rehearsing for the Vijayadashami procession. The families of mahouts and kavadis were also shifted to the city for the festival. They were provided makeshift shelters at the Palace premises.Howdah elephant Arjuna's mahout Dodda Maasti said that his family members gave him moral support. Balarama's mahout Thimma said that his family, including children, prayed to Goddess Chamundeshwari and sought her blessings. \"We are happy to return to the woods after successful participation,\" he added.With Balarama turning weak, the authorities gave Arjuna the responsibility of carrying the golden howdah, and he did it with elan, much to the relief of the authorities. Forest authorities were nervous till Arjuna reached the destination safely, for which he took 150 minutes. Balarama had carried the howdah 13 times after Drona died of electrocution in 1998.Vet D N Nagaraj said all six elephants of the first batch gained weight during their stay in Mysore. \"We had brought 14 department elephants from Dubare, Balle, Maththigodu, K Gudi and Bandipur elephant camps for the festival,\" he added. All of them were sent back to their places on trucks.To a query, DCF S N Devaraja said two years ago, the department had regularized the jobs of several kavadis working on contract and had filled the vacancies. Forest officers concerned will look after their requirements. Elephant handlers (mahouts), assistant handlers (kavadis) and special mahouts were presented a cheque of Rs 5,000 each on their departure on Friday. A total of 40 mahouts/ kavadis were honoured on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974524", "title": "Pawn shop murder: Traders protest", "text": "CHENNAI: Traders in and around Madipakkam and localities nearby closed their shops on Friday to protest against the lack of security they said allowed robbers to kill 14-year-old pawn shop employee Madhan Singh during business hours on Thursday.All traders' unions and federations voluntarily participated in the protest and gathered outside Shri Balaji Jewellers and Pawnshop on Bazaar Road in Madipakkam, where robbers murdered the boy and decamped with gold jewellery worth 20 lakh and a security camera.The traders demanded that police apprehend the assailants. The union leaders met police and submitted a petition seeking a speedy probe and better security. Though the robbers took the camera with them, an investigating officer said they left the hard disk behind. \"We have sent the disk for analysis. It could contain footage of the murder and images of the assailants,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16976378", "title": "BSF to spread awareness after grenade mishap claims 3 lives", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A high-level team headed by the additional director general of BSF, Rajiv Singh, rushed to Hazaribag and made on-the-spot inquiry into the killings of three minor boys owing to explosion of grenade at the BSF Firing Range in Silwar Range, recently. The incident occurred on Monday morning under the Hazaribag Mufassil police station area. He was accompanied by the DIG cum-commandant of the BSF Training Centre and School, Meru (Hazaribag) and the police officials of Hazaribag Mufassil police station.The BSF officials inspected the firing range and met the village heads to discuss how such events can be prevented in the future. Later, a high-level meeting was held with the BSF officials and the Hazaribag SP Manoj Kaushik. A decision was taken whereby both the BSF and district police will work together to spread awareness amongst the residents of the villages which fall within the ambit of BSF Firing Range. The villagers would be urged not to touch any suspicious looking object which may cause explosion or accidents.It was also decided that both the villagers and police stations of concerned areas must be informed well in advance about grenades being fired from the BSF Firing Range at Silwar.A decision was also taken to tighten security by way of patrolling and posting of security guards and increasing the range of fencing of the prohibited area so that no one can enter and collect brass materials from the fired mortars and grenades. Besides, Hazaribag SP Manoj Kaushik said that the district police will take several measures to prevent the entry of unauthorized persons in the prohibited area.He also said that once the BSF authorities have given prior information to Mufassil police about the date and timing of firing of shells and mortars for training BSF Jawans, it will be the joint responsibility of both the BSF and concerned police station to prevent a mishap. Meanwhile, the Hazaribag Mufassil police have registered an FIR against the BSF Firing Range for the killing of three minor boys due to explosion on October 22. Police said that investigation is on. No arrests have been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16975856", "title": "BBMP deploys ragpickers for segregation", "text": "BANGALORE: Faced with a mounting garbage problem, BBMP has decided to employ ragpickers on an experimental basis to segregate wet and dry waste at collection centres across the city.The civic body will pay each ragpicker Rs 100 per day as an incentive. It will also allow her to keep recyclable waste for disposal, said BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel. It will also use pourakarmikas and additional staff wherever required. Every month, the assistant controller (finance) of each zone will audit the expenses incurred for this exercise.Additional load chargesBBMP approved payment of Additional Lead Charges to compactor vehicles employed for transporting waste to Terra Firma, Gundlahalli, near Doddaballapur. The ALC will be Rs 38 /km for 6-wheeler vehicles and Rs 64.35/km for 10-wheeler vehicles. These rates are not applicable for empty vehicles returning from the site. The BBMP decided to transport waste to Doddaballapur after a series of protests in Mavallipura and Mandur landfills.BBMP approved distribution of wet waste to farmers within 100kms from the city. This will be sold at Rs 66 per tonne to farmers. It also approved a proposal to be tried on an experimental basis allowing joint / additional commissioners at the zonal level to get advance money of Rs 50,000 for spending it on solid waste management in their jurisdiction.Bakrid measuresOn the eve of Bakrid, BBMP placed special containers in several areas. Appealing to community members, joint director (animal husbandry), BBMP, Dr Parvez Ahmad Piran, said a lot of biowaste will be generated due to animal sacrifice and its disposal could add to the garbage menace. \"We request community members not to dump it in garbage heaps but to put it in these special containers,\" said Dr Piran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16974017", "title": "Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University puts off today's exams", "text": "PUNE: The Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU) has rescheduled all its exams, which were scheduled for October 27, in view of the Bakri Eid festival.\"A revised date for the papers scheduled for October 27 will be conveyed to the examination centres,\" YCMOU regional director Prakash Joshi said in a press release here on Friday.\"Students need to be in touch with their allotted examination centre to get the details of the revised date,\" he said.The papers for bachelor of arts (BA), commerce (BCom), BA ( journalism ), library science (BLib), business administration (BBA), education (BEd) and master of library science (MLib), MBA, MEd, MA (education) and other courses were to be held on October 27.Joshi said, \"The YCMOU has conveyed the advancement of these papers to the examination centres concerned through short messaging service (SMS) and will soon release the details of revised dates.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16975965", "title": "Nursing students fight, consume sleeping pills", "text": "LUDHIANA: There was chaos at a medical college on Friday evening when four nursing students allegedly physically abused another student of the same college, and then consumed sleeping pills.A student of general nursing, Deepak, had complained to the hospital authorities that he was \"mentally harassed and beaten up by BSc nursing students\". Deepak had even informed the police and a committee constituted by the hospital with principal Ponamma Singh as its head was investigating the matter.Ponamma Singh said the accused Michael, Suraj, Daniel and Sahil were given suspension letters for six months in presence of their parents. However, Ponamma said that they refused to accept the letters and threatened to move the court, and consumed sleeping pills after the meeting.They are now undergoing treatment and their condition is stated to be stable. When contacted, additional deputy commissioner of police Harmohan Singh said, \"We are verifying the matter and action would be taken against those found guilty.\"Meanwhile, Vicky, brother of one of the accused students Daniel said, \"The allegations are completely false. Deepak had stolen our clothes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16975174", "title": "Bees delay Dubai flight by 45 mins at Mangalore airport", "text": "MANGALORE: Bees at the Mangalore airport delayed the takeoff of a Dubai flight by 45 minutes on Friday.Sources said ground staff detected the presence of honeybees near the tip of the Air India Express aircraft wing during a pre-departure check. The aircraft had arrived from Dubai on Thursday and parked on the apron overnight for 14 hours. During this time, a swarm of bees built a hive there.The AIE authorities got the hive removed from the aircraft wing before giving the green light for the takeoff. Technical delays further extended the departure time. The 11.45am aircraft finally took off at 12.30pm, sources in Airports Authority of India told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16976139", "title": "That stinking feeling returns to Mavallipura", "text": "BANGALORE: Ninety-eight-year-old Papaiah Venkaiah is a worried man. The Mavallipura villager who uses spectacles only for reading fine print and has never had a sip of mineral water all his life had to switch over to bottled water a couple of years ago. Reason: the huge garbage mountain in his village.BBMP's announcement to resume dumping in his village is now giving Papaiah nightmares.On Thursday, the civic body said the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board has given its conditional nod to resume dumping at the village off Doddaballapur main road.\"My neighbours are still suffering from various diseases due to garbage and foul smell. Till 2008, we had not heard of mineral water. But now most of us in the village are using only mineral water for drinking and cooking,\" he said.\"Our livestock too is hit. My relative Gangaiah once owned 300 goats. Now he has only 45 left as others died after developing complications,\" Papaiah said.The nonagenarian took a TOI team around his village to show fields ravaged by leachate, a toxic byproduct of garbage. Acres of fields resembled scorched earth with burnt black stubs. \"Standing crops had to be torched as they were affected by leachate,\" he said.\"The BBMP has dumped over 22 lakh tonnes of garbage here since 2006. There are three leachate ponds, each spread over an acre. Whenever it rains, they overflow and officials let toxic leachate flow out, contaminating groundwater resources in the area,\" Papaiah explained.Struggling to hide his emotions, Papaiah said: \"I was a young boy when a plague epidemic broke out and countless people died. I don't want to see another such episode in my lifetime. But fresh dumping may not let me cling to this hope for long.\"Every household in Mavallipura has a story to tell of how garbage has ravaged their lives.Marakka Chikka Lakkappa, another senior citizen, said garbage split her joint family. \"My in-laws have six sons and we all stayed together. After leachate destroyed our agricultural land, all my brothers-inlaw moved to the city to make a living by doing odd jobs,\" she said.B Srinivas, gram panchayat member and anti-dumping activist, told TOI that at least 20 villages in the vicinity will be affected by dumping. \"There are 7,000 families and 35,000 people in these villages. About 90% depend on agriculture. If dumping continues, all our agricultural lands will be destroyed in no time,\" he said.Rules were flouted: villagersThe Indian Gazetteer, a copy of which Mavallipura villagers show to visitors, has set a few norms for landfills. But BBMP seems to have violated every one of these rules in choosing to resume dumping here. According to Schedule III of the Gazetteer, landfills should be located away from human habitation and green forests. Interestingly, airports should be at least 20 km away.B Srinivas, gram panchayat member, said the Yelahanka Air Force station is about 6 km from Mavallipura, while the BengaluruInternational Airport is 19 km away. \"The Mavallipura village is just 400 metres from the landfill,\" Srinivas said, adding, \"In 2004, the forest department filed a case against a contractor after he illegally dumped garbage here. The case is still pending.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974694", "title": "Couple held at airport with Rs 2cr watches", "text": "MUMBAI: The air intelligence unit (AIU) arrested a couple and seized branded watches worth almost Rs 2 crore from them on Friday morning at Mumbai airport. The couple had landed from Dubai and was carrying 14 pieces of expensive watches. The consignment was meant for the black market and the man involved is a known smuggler, said AIU officials.The case unfolded around 4.30am when Mohammed Yousef Kalva and his wife Sahmida landed in the city by an Emirates flight. According to officials, Kalva received an alert about AIU officials when he landed and tried to dump the consignment on the airport premises. \"Kalva apparently received a message that AIU officials were posted near the Customs counter. He immediately changed his plan of passing through the green channel along with the watches,\" said a senior Customs official. Officials said Sahmida had concealed the watches under a big belt around her waist. As she was wearing a burqa, the watches could not be seen at all, said officials.However, the tip-off about AIU unnerved Kalva. \"He was suddenly scared. While they were clearing immigration, he asked his wife to remove the belt. They dumped all the watches near the immigration counter and moved towards the Customs green channel,\" an official said. While Kalva and his wife were crossing the green channel, a team led by assistant commissioner Sameer Wankhede intercepted them.AIU saw that Kalva was wearing an expensive watch usually priced at Rs 26,000. While they intercepted Kalva and asked him to step aside for interrogation, immigration officials alerted AIU that the couple had also left behind 14 watches near the counter. On interrogation, Kalva accepted that he was carrying the consignment. He was also carrying four kg of saffron.\"Kalva was expecting a profit of at least Rs 2 lakh. He has been a smuggler for the last 27 years and has travelled between Mumbai and Dubai several times,\" a senior AIU official said. AIU eventually released Kalva on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978922", "title": "Ang Lee all set to visit India for Life of Pi", "text": "In an unprecedented first, India will be the first country to be visited by the celebrated film maker India amongst the international countries to promote what is being touted as one of the most phenomenal films out of Hollywood this year, with a hugely India centric appeal!What's more, Ang Lee will also be presenting exclusive and unseen 20 minutes of the film in stunning 3D to media and prominent Bollywood personalities, to showcase the extraordinary experience of watching the celebrated novel come to life onscreen.The man behind some of the most prestigious and acclaimed films such as Sense and Sensibility (1995), Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (2000, which won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film), Hulk ( 2003), and Brokeback Mountain (2005), for which he won an Academy Award for Best Director, Ang Lee will visit Mumbai and Chennai along with David Lee (Co-Producer of Life Of Pi) , main lead and debutante Suraj Sharma, Tabu and Irrfan Khan!Confirming the exciting visit, says Mr Vijay Singh , CEO, Fox Star Studios says, \"We are privileged to announce Academy Award winning director Ang Lee's visit to India! In an unprecedented historic first for India, the 'Life of Pi' international promotions will be flagged off in India with Ang Lee's special visit along with the cast from the film. Ang is scheduled to arrive in India on 28th October 2012 for a 2 city, Mumbai-Chennai visit where he will also showcase exclusive visuals from the film for a select audience! This visit will also kick start the extravagant scale of activities planned, building on the excitement and anticipation that has been growing for 'Life of Pi' since its trailer launch. Not only is it a stunning showcase of the immense acting talent and breathtaking locales of our country, it is also one of those rare works of cinema that transcends boundaries with its universal appeal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16980469", "title": "Danish Bhat plays main lead in film!", "text": "Kashmiri model turned actor Danish Bhat, last played a cameo in Madhur Bhandarkar's Heroine that had Kareena Kapoor in the lead.Although it was a blink and miss role, Danish will now play the main lead in a film called ' Paa Ki Shaadi Mein Beta Baraat i'. Danish who played a negative character on television with Directors Kut's Amrit Mantha n on Life OK has aspirations for the silver screen. Sources inform that Danish will play Om Puri's son in the film and his character will be called Arjun. The story revolves around the film industry and is a youthful rom-com. Om Puri plays a producer in the film. Shooting for the same will start from 25th November and will spread across the locales of Lucknow, Darbanga and Gangotri.Danish confirms the news, \"Yes I am doing the film and am excited to play the main lead. But that's all I can reveal right now\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16973814", "title": "Mumbai gears up for festival of sacrifice and sharing", "text": "MUMBAI: Muslims in the city are all set to celebrate the three-day festival of Eid-ul-Azha or Bakri Eid which begins Saturday. On Friday, while men were busy buying or feeding goats, women did their last-minute shopping. Mosques and dargahs have been decorated and at many maidans, arrangements have been made to offer special namaz of Bakri Eid on Saturday morning.\"I have purchased new clothes, earrings, bangles, a pair of footwear and mehndi. I will celebrate Bakri Eid with family and friends,\" said Natasha Fatima, a collegian. Her mother Rukhsana Shaikh said that she was gearing up to prepare an elaborate dish on Bakri Eid. Goat meat is mainly consumed during the three-day festival of sacrifice. Like most housewives, Shaikh too will prepare a number of meat dishes. \"Handi kebab, mutton ishtu and mutton biryani will be the main dishes. I am also preparing sheer khurma and dahi vada,\" said Shaikh.Many restaurants will also be getting orders for sumptuous meals on the occasion of this festival. \"We are getting orders mainly for raan biryani, raan tandoori and mutton biryani. Though we will be closed on the first day of Bakri Eid, we will cater to our customers on the next two days,\" said Umair Shahabuddin Shaikh who owns Shalimar Hotel with branches at Bhendi Bazaar, Andheri and New Mumbai.Bakri Eid is also about sharing with the poor and needy. Meat of the sacrificed animals is divided into three parts. The first part is consumed by the family which sacrifices animals, the second part is shared with friends and neighbours and the third part goes to the poor. \"Qurbani or sacrifice of the animal is not accepted by God if the meat is not divided as prescribed by the religion. The festival must invoke a sense sharing with the less privileged,\" said senior cleric Maulana Shoeb Koti.The Dawoodi Bohras celebrated Bakri Eid on Thursday, two days ahead of other Muslim sects.\"We follow the Egyptian calendar and Thursday was our first day of the festival,\" said Abde Ali Bhanpurawala, a spokesperson of Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin, the spiritual leader of the Dawoodi Bohras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16977624", "title": "Big shift: World gets ready for change of guards", "text": "NEW DELHI: The head table of global affairs is in for a makeover, marking possibly a new chapter in international relations. In a couple of weeks from now, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's top interlocutors could be new faces, as the US and China head for leadership changes.In the next few months Pakistan will be heading into presidential elections, with Asif Zardari as the first civilian head of government in that troubled nation to last a full term. Japan, whose troubled politics see an almost annual changeover of guard, is also likely to go in for elections, with former PM, Shinzo Abe a surprise draw.Afghanistan is due for the next presidential elections in 2014 when Karzai will have to make way for another leader. But there are signs that he might be considering a 2013 election, in which case the change of leadership alongwith the drawdown timetable could throw up a completely different political landscape.In Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina's government will be heading into elections in January, 2013. The Awami League government may or may not return, with the challenger, Begum Khaleda Zia of the BNP raring to take over. India, having invested heavily in better ties with Bangladesh, the changes could see significant infections in policy. Even in the archipelago of Maldives, a country crucial for India's security in the Indian Ocean region, President Waheed will have to face the electorate in polls in a few months. The last year has seen unprecedented political turmoil in the Maldives, and India will be hoping for a more stable political system to emerge.On November 6, Barack Obama will be up for re-election, in a race that has thrown up unpleasant surprises close to the home stretch. From being a candidate who could barely control his own Republican Party, Mitt Romney surged forward to be a surprisingly competent debater.A tired, \"not there\" Obama opened up the presidential sweepstakes, turning what was until then an easy victory to a question. With a slender lead in the week leading up to elections, Obama could suffer the indignity of getting the electoral college but not the popular vote, or narrowly squeezing past. Or we could see a Romney presidency. With the US staring at a \"fiscal cliff \", a declining economy and a political gridlock in Washington, a more weakened US opens up a wealth of new possibilities for India.It is increasingly clear that the new US presidency, with either Obama or Romney at the helm, will be different from the last four years. The job figures, which have been measured as closely as blood pressure, fell to a reassuring 7.8% last month to the same level, when Obama took office four years ago. Many economists would be hard pressed to say that the economy prospered under Obama. But he eliminated Osama bin Laden and that fact alone will see a significant change in US foreign policy, regardless of who is in charge.Then, there is China. On November 8, the Chinese will go through its own once-in-adecade leadership change, which promises to have a greater impact on the nation and the world at large. The Hu Jintao-Wen Jiabao team will make way for the Xi Jinping-Li Keqiang duo, who will steer China for the next decade. Also, 70% of Chinese leadership will move to new people, and that will have a huge impact on the future of the world's second largest economy.The 18th party Congress should have actually met in mid-October, but the run-up to the Congress has had more than its share of excitement \u2014 the Bo Xilai affair, which saw the powerful Chongqing boss unceremoniously sacked, his wife in jail for murder, and his police chief, Wang Lijun, in prison for running to the US consulate for help; the president-in waiting, Xi Jinping's mysterious disappearance for an unspecified reason that set the grapevine abuzz; Hu Jintao's close associate removed after it transpired that his son died in a Ferrari crash in Beijing under strange circumstances.India doesn't know much about the new Chinese leadership, except that Xi Jinping met foreign minister SM Krishna briefly, but the changes come in an environment of flux. China's famed economic engine is slowing as the global slowdown catches up with it; Beijing is in the middle of bruising diplomatic tussles with Japan over the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands and with a host of south-east Asian nations in the South China Sea. The Tibetans continue to keep their issue on fire, and despite the current calm, Xinjiang remains a persistent worry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16973649", "title": "Theur man succumbs to swine flu", "text": "PUNE: A 44-year-old man from Theur (Haveli taluka) died of H1N1 influenza on Thursday.Since April, there have been 26 H1N1 deaths in the city, 11 of them this month alone.The man developed symptoms like fever and cough from October 8 and breathlessness that progressively increased from October 11. \"He did not consult the doctor for four days. Only after he developed breathlessness did he go to a doctor in Hadapsar. The doctor referred him to the municipal corporation-run Naidu Hospital,\" said a health official from the PMC. He was shifted to Noble hospital on the request of his relatives on October 12.His condition later worsened, following which he was put on ventilator support on October 18. His throat swab, sent to National Institute of Virology (NIV), tested positive for swine flu on October 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16979747", "title": "I want to give my husband an unforgettable farewell: Pam Chopra", "text": "The sudden demise of filmmaker Yash Chopra sent shockwaves in Bollywood.Now, buzz has it that the premier of his last mega-romance featuring Shah Rukh Khan, Katrina Kaif and a YRF-find Anushka Sharma will be held in accordance with Yashji's wishes.His Delhi-bred wife, Pam Chopra has decided that a grand film premiere be held to celebrate the release of Yashji's JAB TAK HAI JAAN this Diwali. \"I want to give my husband an unforgettable farewell. Accordingly, we have decided tohave a grand premiere for his ultimate film, JAB TAK HAI JAAN, exactly the way he wanted it. This is a fitting tribute to a man who would have had it no other way. I have asked my sons Aditya and Uday to go ahead with all the preparations. This premiere is our way of celebrating his illustrious life, rather than mourning it\", said Pam Chopra. Buzz has it that a premiere is being planned by Yash Raj films on November 12, and the details of the mega event are still being worked out. The entire industry turned up to give a fitting farewell to the eminent filmmaker whose Swiss imagery has long become a recurring motif in his films. Reportedly, actor Hrithik Roshan cancelled his Swiss shoot to be with his friend Uday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16975352", "title": "Shivraj Singh Chouhan to inaugurate Crystal IT Park today", "text": "INDORE: After years of delay, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan will inaugurate Crystal IT Park on Saturday. IT Park will provide 5,000 direct jobs once it becomes fully operational. Crystal IT Park, the only SEZ for IT in the state, has been constructed at a cost of Rs 150 crore by MPAKVN on 20 acre of land on Khandwa road.Officials of MPAKVN said that the IT Park, which is biggest in the state, is being developed in two stages. In the first stage, two multi-story buildings were constructed on 12 acre of land, and it created office space of 52,000 square metres. First building constructed in the shape of an eye has 10 floors with total constructed space of 31,800 square metres. Second building is of four floors with total office space of 18,200 square metres.IT Park is first operational SEZ for IT in the state and as of now three companies that have invested Rs 285 lakh are operating from the building. As many as 283 people have got direct jobs at Impetus Infotech India Pvt Ltd, Cleartail Technology Pvt Ltd and Intelligence Technology Pvt Ltd.\"Strategic location of the city and its proper connectivity with other cities of the country and presence of premier institutions like IIT and IIM make Indore perfect destination for IT companies. Crystal IT Park will prove to be a milestone for IT industries in the state,\" said MD, MPAKVN Manish Singh adding that the inauguration will take place at 4 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974462", "title": "MBBS results: 33% fail first year exam", "text": "CHENNAI: They came out with flying colours in their class XII examinations in 2011. On Friday, nearly 33% of them who joined as medicos in various medical colleges affiliated to the state medical university failed to clear their first year exam.In August, 3,462 students from 29 medical colleges in the state appeared for the examination held by the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University. Just 2,341 (67.62%) passed. IRT Perundurai Medical College had the highest pass percentage (86.67) followed by Stanley Medical College (85.33), Coimbatore Medical College (85.03) and Kilpauk Medical College (85). Annapoorna Medical College had the least pass percentage (45.94).University officials said the pass percentage dropped as the exam rules hade become more stringent. Students now have to score a minimum of 50% marks in each paper to clear the exam. Earlier, they needed an aggregate of 50% in every subject.The university had withheld the first year MBBS results, which were to be announced on October 8, as it was awaiting the MCI's opinion on whether it can increase the minimum marks required to clear the examination. On Thursday, the university received a nod from the MCI .Vice-chancellor Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan said, \"We will not reverse the results this year. We believe this is one way of upping medication education standards.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16975005", "title": "Unclaimed box creates tension", "text": "KOCHI: Tension gripped people at Edapally when they spotted an unclaimed metal box, with a digital timer fixed on it, found lying near a shop on Friday evening. As they suspected it to be a bomb, they immediately alerted police.A team of police along with bomb detection and disposal squad rushed to the spot to conduct a detailed check of the item.\"We received the information about the box around 7. 30pm. It was found lying near to a busy shop in Edapally. After preliminary confirmation that the tin contained no explosives, we shifted it for detailed examination,\" police said. A detailed examination of the tin was done at Kalamassery police station and it was confirmed that the item was not an explosive device.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16975488", "title": "'Consumers should explore solar option for inverters'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala State Electricity Board will soon take a count of households relying on electrical inverters to deal with the planned power restrictions in the state. It doesn't intend to declare a war on inverters, though. The aim is to persuade consumers to explore the solar energy option to charge their inverters.Board finance member S Venugopal said the widespread use of electrical inverters was a reason why KSEB fails in achieving the desired results of power restrictions. He said any reduction in power used to feed the inverters would benefit both consumers and the board alike. The board is looking at several options to take a census of household inverters. \"Our meter-reading employees can gather the information but the data would need a secondary validation. We have not yet finalised the secondary validation option. I hope most consumers would heed to our appeal as it would be mutually beneficial,\" Venugopal said. The state electricity regulatory commission has set proliferation of energy conservation methods and promotion of green energy production as two key responsibilities of KSEB, but the latter is yet to come up with any major initiative of massive nature.Board sources said the consumers can be offered subsidies to set up solar units once it puts forward the solar energy option for charging the inverters. \"A two-page pamphlet, in English and Malayalam, would be distributed among consumers from this month. It will give the best practices in power consumption and the reasons for our appeal to reduce it during peak hours,\" an official said.KSEB had earlier identified the increasing number of induction cookers in households as the main reason for a sharp rise in power consumption early in the morning. However, the board and the government later clarified that there was no move to restrict the use of induction cookers by law, considering the general sentiments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975763", "title": "Health scare for President's wife", "text": "KOLKATA:Subhra Mukherjee, the country's First Lady, was admitted in Arobindo Seva Kendra, also known as EEDF Hospital, in Dhakuria for a few hours on Friday morning after she complained of a headache and pain in the abdomen.Hospital sources said President Pranab Mukherjee's wife, a diabetic, was discharged after rounds of investigation. The First Lady, aged about 70, was at the Mukherjees' Dhakuria home when she started feeling unwell. She was taken to the hospital around 9.30am.After hearing her complaints, doctors advised that she be admitted for some investigation, including blood tests. A board of doctors comprising cardiologists, neurologists and nephrologists examined her.\"Subhra Mukherjee is diabetic and she was feeling unwell. That is why she was admitted in the hospital for a few hours. We put her through a thorough health check-up. She left the hospital around 3pm after doctors ruled out the need for hospitalisation. She is doing better now,\" said Dr Mrinmay Nandi, the family doctor of the Mukherjees.Sources said that Mukherjee chose EEDF since the hospital was close by and Nandi was attached to it.It is learnt that chief minister Mamata Banerjee sent a bouquet to Mukherjee with a note wishing her a speedy recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978101", "title": "Halloween \u2014 a day when the dead come back alive?", "text": "As people across the globe gear up to celebrate this spooky fest on October 31, we tell you all you wanted to know.It's October, a time to get creative and funky as you get together to celebrate Halloween. Streets across the world resemble zombieland, as adults and kids get into their costumes. The choices are endless \u2014 from witches, ghosts and imps to goblins and fairies. Voices going 'Trick or Treat?' follow you as kids demand candy like it's their birthright. So, how did it all start?Why is Halloween celebrated? It's widely accepted that Halloween or All Hallows' Eve has its roots in a pagan Celtic festival called Samhain. It is said to have originated in Ireland . It marked the change of seasons from harvest to winter and involved bonfires, and probably in some cases, human sacrifice. According to legends, the Celts believed that at the end of summer, Samhain, the lord of death becomes powerful and overpowers the sun god. On October 31, Samhain assembles all the evil spirits who had died the previous year and allows them to return home to visit the living. The name Halloween is derived from the phrase \"all hallows even\", translated as the evening before the day in which all of the hallowed (ie, all saints ) was celebrated.The reason behind the masks Legend has it that people would wear masks or other disguises and blacken their faces to try and pass unnoticed by the spirits, as it was believed that ghosts or spirits cannot see their own reflection. Hence, if a goblin or demon saw another creature looking suitably horrible, they would run away in terror.Why do we carve human faces on pumpkins? During earlier times, people used turnips as symbols of Halloween. When some of the Irish immigrated with their families to America, they discovered that pumpkins were more readily available than turnips there, so they substituted turnips for pumpkin. The term \"jack-o'-lantern\" is of British origin and dates back to the 17th century. It literally means \"man with a lantern\" (a night watchman). Over time, it became popular as a term for a turnip lantern. In Britain, it was customary to carry jack-o'-lanterns door-to-door to represent the souls of the dead while begging for soul cakes on Hallowmas. According to legend, the jack-o'-lantern took its name from an Irishman known as Stingy Jack, who tricked the Devil into promising he wouldn't have to go to hell for his sins. When Jack died, he found out that he had been barred from heaven, so he journeyed to the gates of hell to demand his due. The Devil kept his promise and doomed Jack to wander the earth for all eternity, with only an ember of hellfire to light his way. Thenceforth, he was known as Jack O'Lantern. The Irish brought the tradition of carrying these lanterns carved out of pumpkins when they moved to America.Origins of the phrase Trick or treat Trick-or-treat?, also known as Guising, is an activity for children during this time, where they go around from door-to-door asking for sweets with the phrase \"trick-or-treat?\" It's an implied threat that if their demands are not met, they will perform some trickery.(Compiled by Melissa D'costa )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16975475", "title": "HC refuses to stay talent hunt", "text": "HYDERABAD: A division bench of the high court on Friday refused to stay FIIT-JEE's talent examination for school students scheduled for October 28, 2012.It, however, directed FIIT-JEE, New Delhi not to admit any student in any course in any of the institutions run by it till further orders.The bench comprising justices R Subhash Reddy and KG Shankar was dealing with a public interest petition filed by Balala Hakkula Sangam, a unit of a city-based child rights society which was seeking a ban on the talent hunt conducted by FIIT-JEE for students between classes V to X.The bench, in its interim order, said that the proposed 'FIIT-JEE talent reward exam' could go ahead but the institution could not admit any student till further orders and It directed for issuance of notices to the respondents and posted the matter for hearing after three weeks.The petitioner had submitted to the court that the tests conducted by FIIT-JEE were in violation of the Right to Education Act and the rights of children. School students are made to write these tests in the name of taking part in a talent hunt but are then influenced to join certain corporate institutions.It named the principal secretary in the school education department, the commissioner and director of school education and FIIT-JEE, New Delhi as respondents.A vacation bench comprising Justice R Subhash Reddy and Justice K G Shankar of the AP High Court on Friday stayed all further proceedings pending against the managing committee of the AP High Court Employees Mutually Aided Co-operative Housing Society Ltd in Charminar police station of the city.The bench was dealing with an appeal by the AP High Court Employees Mutually Aided Co-operative Housing Society Ltd against an interim order of a single judge directing that the Additional Registrar/District Cooperative Officer, Hyderabad (Urban) District shall consider initiation of criminal proceedings against those who are found responsible for the commissions and omissions as pointed by the inquiry officer in his report under Section 31 of the Act.An inquiry which was conducted by the Cooperative department found that the managing committee the society has committed commissions and omissions on as many as 28 counts including improper accounting and financial misfeasance.The Additional Registrar following the interim direction lodged a complaint with the Charminar police against the managing committee. Aggrieved by it the managing committee moved the High Court with an appeal.The bench ordered that there shall be interim suspension to the extent of the direction for initiation of criminal proceedings and further there shall be an stay of all further proceedings pending before the Charminar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975852", "title": "Jairam 'brain-dead' jibe unconstitutional: TMC", "text": "KOLKATA: Did Jairam Ramesh cross the line of constitutional propriety in taking a dig at chief minister Mamata Banerjee in an official letter on October 19?The Trinamool Congress definitely thinks so. While taking oath of office Jairam had vowed to discharge his duties without affection or ill-will. But in adding a footnote to the letter that \"how sensitive the so-called 'brain-dead government in Delhi' is to the needs of the people of Bengal\", he crossed the line, says Trinamool.Mamata had made her anguish known immediately. But the continued reticence of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh or even the Congress president Sonia Gandhi to censure Jairam even after it is only rubbing salt to the injury, Trinamool leaders say.Jairam's letter sought to highlight that in releasing Rs 2,655.2 crore under MGNREGA in 2012/13, the Centre had actually scaled up its allocation for Bengal against the Rs 2,597 crore released the year before, in 2011/12. But technically such allocations to states are against the total number of work mandays generated and submission of its utilisation certificates. So the enhanced allocation is primarily due to the fact that the Mamata Banerjee government has been able to generate more work under this particular scheme, said a source.\"The statement is clearly vindictive, unethical and unconstitutional,\" Mamata had immediately said.Trinamool is in no mood to give up easily on this. \"This is a serious offence by a cabinet minister. Every time when huge transgressions were made by his cabinet colleagues the Prime Minister said he didn't know, so he couldn't act. No wonder ministers in his cabinet have the gumption to get away with more and more,\" said Mahua Moitra, Trinamool secretary.Moitra reiterated the CM's earlier statement that MGNREGA funds are not a dole out by Centre but bear a direct correlation by the work done in a state.\"In health and sanitation terminology, the Trinamool is a discarded waste material for the Congress's use-and-throw style of governance. They feel what can Mamata do now that she's out of UPA-II? A few jokes at her expense will keep us all laughing. After all, in the ever changing dynamics of the Congress party, Jairam is in the inner circle - so who dare censure him,\" Moitra said.She added, \"Mamata had called the Centre brain-dead, referring to the paralysis that has gripped the government. She said so in a media interview. Jairam has every right to disagree with her. A Government-of-India letterhead isn't the appropriate medium for it.\"Jairam wasn't available for comment. State Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya felt there is nothing wrong in the statement made by the union minister. \"The letter was intended to inform the chief minister on the status of fund release - which has only increased. The Centre didn't want politics to come in the way and that was merely highlighted in the letter,\" he said. Bhattacharya refused to be drawn into any comment on whether Jairam had crossed constitutional propriety in the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16980241", "title": "Dhanush turns lyricist again", "text": "The last time Dhanush had penned the lyrics for Why This Kolaveri Di? the song had become a viral sensation. The latest news is that Dhanush has penned the lyrics for his home production Ethir Neechal. He will team up once again with composer Anirudh after the combination in 3 . The film's first look was released recently. The film has Siva Karthikeyan, Priya Anand and Attakathi Nandita in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16974193", "title": "School still bars slow learner", "text": "PANAJI: In what appears to be a blatant defiance of directorate of education orders, a government-aided school in Canacona has continued to bar a 'slow learner' from attending classes.The 10-year-old girl had been admitted to the school in June, but was made to stop attending classes from July onwards. Her parents were told by school authorities to admit her to a special school. But at the special school, authorities said the girl was only a slow learner and had no disabilities.By depriving her of attending classes the school is violating provisions of the central government's Right to Education (RTE) Act 2009 that prohibits schools from detaining or expelling students from Classes I to VIII.Stating as much, the directorate of education issued an order to the school on October 17, directing that the girl be admitted back immediately in keeping with RTE provisions. The order followed a complaint by NGO Bailancho Saad.Directorate sources said education director, D P Dwivedi, met the girl and her mother along with members of the NGO. \"He found the girl was normal except for being a slow learner and that there was no need to admit her to a special school as she has no disability,\" said sources. \"If the school management continues to disregard the order, it can face disciplinary action. It is a government-aided school and grants to it can be discontinued,\" said sources.Bailancho Saad has submitted a memorandum to chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who is also the education minister, to take measures to have the girl admitted back at the school immediately. The NGO has appealed to Parrikar to direct the school to appoint a special educator to take care of the girl's needs.\"Everyday the girl wears the school uniform and everyday she is turned away by the school. This is causing her severe trauma,\" said Sabina Martins, convener, Bailancho Saad. \"On the one hand the parents and activists keep assuring her that they have the order and that she will be going to school like other children and on the other hand the child gets a no from school authorities,\" she added.She said the NGO will file a PIL in the high court against the school and the state government if the girl continues to be discriminated against.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16976297", "title": "IIM to launch analytics programme for executives", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow in association with Kelley School of Business, USA is all set to launch a one-year certificate programme in business analytics for executives. The course is aimed at providing analytics knowledge through online and in-class education.The certificate programme will combine business strategy , business analytical tools and applications of analytics in selected business areas, namely finance, marketing and operations. The purpose of this programme is to develop skills and a mindset for participants that will allow executives to identify and seize business opportunities using business analytics tools.The programme will have both in-residence and online learning channels, so that students need not take long breaks from their work but at the same time get benefits of continuous learning environment. Another unique feature of the programme is training on enterprise miner. The programme consisting of 240 hours is divided into four modules, each module of 9 to 10 weeks duration. Each module would have five days of mandatory on campus residency requirement and rest will be delivered over internet. Online classes will be held for two hours twice per week on Fridays and Saturdays.IIM director Devi Singh said, \"This programme is a step towards innovating new measures of teaching and learning. It will also help in widening the horizon of innovative professional education in the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16979993", "title": "Cyber police gets HC rap over illegal impounding of passports", "text": "MUMBAI: Bombay HC has rapped the cyber police asking how it could seize and impound the passports of two Air India cabin crew and retain them for over five months without any order from a court.A division bench of Justice Abhay Oka and Justice Sadhana Jadhav on October 25, 2012 heard a petition by K V J Rao (50) and Mayank Sharma (30), officer bearers of Air India Cabin Crew Association. The Cyber Cell, Bandra Kurla Complex had booked the duo for posting \"lasvicious and defamatory material'' on social networking sites Facebook and Orkut. Rao and Sharma have contested the charges.On May 11, 2012 the cyber police picked Rao and Sharma on a complaint by an ex-union office bearer Sagar Karnik. According to Karnik's complaint, they had posted blogs criticising politicians, the PMOs office and the Supreme Court and insulted the national flag. They were released on bail by the sessions court on May 22, 2012 observing that the police to get their first remand had invoked a non-bailable section even thought all the charges were bailable.Their petition in HC said the investigating officer Sunil Goshalkar who visited their residence at 1.30 am insisted they carry their passports and identity card along. Further, that neither the police nor the court can impound the passport under the Passports Act and even the Supreme Court has upheld the same.Their advocate Ashok Shetty argued that their passports could not have been illegally impounded by the police. He pointed out that since five months his clients are unable to carry out their flying duties as cabin crew. \"One (Rao) has put in nearly 25 years of service with the company,'' said Shetty. The judges questioned why the passports were impounded.Additional public prosecutor Purnima Kantharia said the passports were found in their pockets when they were arrested. She said they must go before magistrate to get it back. The judges said this would not be necessary that there is no order by any court directing the passport to be impounded. \"There is no order by anybody (court). Ask your officer when he'll return the passports,'' said Justice Oka. Kantharia submitted that Goshalkar shall return the passports and identity cards the following day. The court recorded her statement and disposed of the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16974371", "title": "Youth leaders properly chosen: Stalin", "text": "MADURAI: DMK treasurer M K Stalin said that there was no place for recommendations in party posts, while responding to the charges by his elder brother M K Alagiri that partymen who were recommended by him for youth wing posts, were rejected.Stalin, who visited Madurai to meet jailed DMK leader and Tuticorin district secretary of the party N Periyasamy, categorically said that representatives for youth wing were chosen through an interview process and not through recommendations. Though the rivalry between the DMK siblings is an open secret, this is the first time that they have come out to trade charges in the public.\"As far as the appointments to youth wing posts, the cadres were informed well ahead about the selection and a proper interview process was followed. The functionaries were chosen based on their abilities at the interview. No recommendations could be entertained,\" Stalin told reporters in front of the central prison. Stalin said that he had not discussed with party chief M Karunanidhi about the charges levelled by Alagiri that his supporters were sidelined. Alagiri had expressed dissatisfaction over youth wing appointments on Thursday charging that his recommendations as south zone organising secretary of DMK were ignored while selecting party cadres for various youth wing posts in Madurai and southern districts. Alagiri expressed apprehension that if his recommendations were ignored in this manner, then partymen would pay little heed to his words and orders.While Stalin's visit itself, coming a day after southern strongman's open criticism of his supporters being sidelined in the party youth wing has left his loyalists fuming, the DMK younger sibling's terse retort has angered them further, though his own loyalists are jubilant.Alagiri's men feel that frequent visits of Stalin to Madurai were an attempt to consolidate his base in the southern districts considered as Alagiri's fiefdom in the party. Already, several southern district secretaries including N Periysamy have displayed their support for Stalin. On Friday too, district secretaries Suba Thangavelan (Ramanathapuram), Thangam Thennarasu (Virudhunagar - urban), K K S S R Ramachandran (Virudhunagar - Rural) and G Thalapathy (Madurai) met Stalin, though local functionaries who are known Alagiri supporters were absent.Barely an hour before Stalin's visit, Alagiri's men erected a huge digital board in front of the prison greeting the Union minister for his 64th birthday that falls on January 30 next year, but left the spot immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16976475", "title": "Kejriwal party to contest Odisha polls", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The political party led by anti-corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal will contest from all Lok Sabha and assembly seats in Odisha in 2014, his key aide Manish Sisodia said in Bhubaneswar on Friday.\"We will start the selection process of candidates six months before the election. Local people and volunteers of India Against Corruption (IAC) will choose the candidates,\" Sisodia told reporters here. IAC is scheduled to name the party on November 26. The activist was in Bhubaneswar to take part in a state-level convention of the IAC here.Sisodia said the IAC is still working on certain gray areas on how to select the candidates. However, in no situation the party high command will force candidates. People in the locality will have a major say on this, he said.Sisodia said IAC will continue exposing corruption in various states, including Odisha. \"Our local volunteers will expose corruption in BJD, BJP and Congress here and the unholy nexus among them,\" the IAC core committee member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16978979", "title": "Crime Patrol\u2019s weekend special on Navin Batra!", "text": "This weekend, murderers target a senior citizen in Sony Entertainment Television's Crime Patrol. In two special episodes, the popular crime based show will highlight the plight of senior citizens, thereby raising he question of their security in a city like Mumbai.The focus will be on the heart wrenching story of Mumbai based famous photographer Navin Batra, who gets murdered. The story revolves around Batra's murder who is killed by two people who guise themselves as courier boys on the pretext of delivering a parcel to him. The duo have made a meticulous plan to rob him but unfortunately, the plan of robbing the elderly photographer goes haywire when Navin screams for help. This leaves the robbers panicking leaving them with no choice but to kill him.The police get a whiff of this and also catch a girl called Kavita Sharma who is Navin's client. An extra in the film and television industry, Kavita realizes that Navin Batra has a lot of money and expensive cameras at his disposal. She hatches the plan with the two men.What follows is his brutal murder. Kudos to Crime Patrol for awakening the nation!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16974232", "title": "CM, governor greet Goans on Eid-ul-Zuha", "text": "Chief minister Manohar Parrikar and governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo have greeted Goans and particularly Muslim brethren on the occasion of Eid-ul-Zuha, which will be celebrated on Saturday. In his message, Parrikar said, \"On the joyous occasion of Eid-ul-Zuha, I convey my warm wishes to all Goans. As we celebrate this day as a day of forgiveness, fellowship, thanksgiving and moral victory, I hope that the occasion with its tradition of giving and sharing will infuse the spirit of unity and harmony in us\". Wanchoo in his greetings said, \"In a pluralistic country like ours, it is our sacred duty to strive to promote religious harmony and understanding, in the overall interests of national unity and integrity. Eid-Ul-Zuha is symbolic of the supreme sacrifice and submission to the will of God. The celebration of Eid-Ul-Zuha helps us in understanding and assimilating the eternal relevance and value of the essence of religious faiths.\"Foundation stone for Calvim bridge on Oct 27: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar will lay the foundation stone for a bridge to link mainland Aldona to Calvim island, on October 27 at 11am. Pramod Sawant, vice-chairman GSIDC, Aldona MLA and chairman of Goa housing board Glenn Ticlo Souza and Aldona sarpanch Ujwala Kandolkar will also be present. The total length of the bridge is 494 m, with carriageway width of 7.7 m. The navigation span is 120 m, while the approach road at Aldona is approximately 320m in length and at 100m in Calvim.Entertainment tax exemption for Konkani film: The govenrmne has exempted the Konkani film 'Mhozo Gaon Mhojem Goem' from the payment of entertainment tax for a period of six months from the date of its release.POWER SHUTDOWNCunchelim-Mapusa: Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Cunchelim, Bamonvaddo, Sai Baba temple, Cunchelim church, football ground, Pilimbi Vaddo, Sapna Village, Sattadhar Complex, Sattadhar Arcade, Sapna Village, Prudential Paradise, Kamat Galaxy, Vrundavan hospital and vicinity.Mandrem (Oct 27): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Askawada, Deluwada, Dandoswada, Mandrem market, Madhlamaj and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16974326", "title": "Minimum wages change in offing, govt seeks suggestions", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government has published a draft notification under Minimum Wages Act, 1948, proposing to revise minimum rates of wages payable to various categories of employees in various trades. The rates are published in the official Gazette, series I, No. 30, dated October 25.The wages pertain to employees engaged in pharmaceutical units, hotels , restaurants, hospitals, clinics, pathological labs, distilleries, security, garment industry, processing industry, commercial and industrial establishments, etc.Objections and suggestions may be submitted to the secretary, labour department, Secretariat, Porvorim, Goa, within two months from the time of publication of the gazette, for consideration for finalization of the proposal. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16976332", "title": "Business body bats for cracker traders", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Hit by price hike and licensing regime, the firecracker traders approached the Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industry to help them resurrect their dwindling business.Traditionally a flourishing business, specially during the festive season, cracker industry is gradually losing its sheen for several reasons. These include escalating prices of commodities across the board and strict license regime.\"The market has witnessed over 30% decline in the firecracker business in the last five to seven years. Government needs to be more accommodating to address the grievances of the firecracker traders,\" said FJCCI functionary, Suresh Sonthalia.He has urged the government to provide no objection certificate (NOC) and temporary trade license to the traders at least 10 days before Diwali so that they have enough time in hand to do business effectively.\"The government needs to amend the existing rule of issuing temporary trade license just three days before Diwali. In such a situation, there's a huge possibility of illegal trade of firecrackers,\" said a wholesaler of firecrackers from Jugsalai.Besides price rise, growing awareness among the people about the air and sound pollution caused by crackers has also hurt trade.\"The new generation has perhaps realized the magnitude of the damage caused by fireworks,\" said city-based environmentalist Prof K K Sharma.According to insiders, about six wholesale traders directly purchase their cracker stock from Sivakasi in Tamil Nadu , while other small-time traders import the material from neighbouring Bengal.The FJCCI has also asked the state government to arrange additional number of open grounds in the neighbourhood for makeshift kiosks ahead of Diwali.s\"The administration in the respective districts could seek help of the local trade bodies in identifying more open grounds for makeshift kiosks,\" said Sonthalia.In the last two years, the Steel city has seen about 350 vendors securing temporary license for selling firecrackers at more than nine locations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975415", "title": "India, Spain sign tax avoidance agreement", "text": "New Delhi: India on Friday signed a tax avoidance agreement with Spain that will facilitate exchange of information on its tax evaders and getting details of financial transactions of domestic companies.The agreement on amending the protocol for avoidance of double taxation and the prevention of tax evasion was signed by finance minister P Chidambaram with Spanish foreign minister Jose Manuel Garcia-Margallo Marfil.A press note from the finance ministry said the agreement would help in collection of taxes and would reduce obstacles in gathering information and also prevent the abuse of the convention's benefits.The government's recent initiatives in revising tax treaties have helped the flow of information from foreign countries.The government has received transaction details of its nationals from banks in several countries, including the US, Japan, South Korea, Denmark, Czech Republic and Finland .Though all information received from abroad may not be about illicit transactions as some of them may be legitimate deals, the deluge of information has given the government hundreds of crores in tax recoveries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16975926", "title": "Income tax officers crack down on realty company", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Income tax officials cracked down on a city-based realty and bullion trading company on Friday. Around 150 officials searched and surveyed 30 premises of Amrapali Group and it's associates in Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Delhi, Silvassa, Hyderabad and Mumbai. The company has business interests spread across realty, bullion and capital market , hospitality, finance and commodity trading.\"The search and survey began on companies with realty projects including their commercial unit project in Vastrapur. The operation also covered their offices in other cities and many stock and commodity traders linked with the company,\" said a senior I-T official.Officials said that the company has also bagged contracts from Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation. tnnfor projects at Kankaria Lakefront and Sabarmati Riverfront.\"The raids will continue till late on Saturday. We have seized account books and other literature from offices of the company and its associates,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16976253", "title": "UP BJP makes strides towards democratic units", "text": "LUCKNOW: Making a start towards a democratic set up, two district units of the state Bharatiya Janata Party elected their presidents through voting on Friday, thereby setting a precedent for other political parties to follow. The third district president was elected unapposed.Suresh Jain 'Rituraj' won the election in Meerut city while Bal Mukund Shukla was elected in Banda. Anil Pundhir was elected district chief of Kaasganj unapposed.Meanwhile, the process of election of district chiefs in 87 other organisational units is still underway and expected to end not before November 10. This is beyond the October 31 deadline set by the state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi. However, election of state BJP chief can be held only if 45 organisational units are set up by that time as formation of 50% district units is must to elect a state president, BJP's state organisation election in charge Swatantra Deo Singh said.The units, where elections will be held in second week of November, were so far busy with the Uma Bharati's Ganga Samagra Yatra. The yatra's UP leg was from October 9-22. It will culminate at Gangotri on October 28.A mandal president and a district representative from each mandal are entitled to elect district chief, if election is held.Speaking on the development, state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi said polling for district presidents is a bid to establish internal democracy within the party, which is part of a democratic set up in the country.Senior party leaders expect selection of district chiefs through election in at least 20-odd organisation districts. Some prominent districts which might see election including Lucknow district where election process will be held on October 30 and 31 instead of October 25.The polling process scheduled on October 25 was postponed owing to Dussehra holiday, said Swatantra Deo Singh. He added that five nominations had come on the day which indicates that voting will be held to elect the district chief. Nominations will be filed on October 30, and voting, if required, will be held on October 31.Similarly, voting might take place at Sambhal where election process is scheduled for October 30 and 31. In Saharanpur, it will be held on November 1 and 2; Meerut district October 31 and November 1; Siddharthnagar October 30 and 31; Azamgarh October 29 and 30 and Barabanki October 29 and 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16976523", "title": "Air pollution up during Dussehra", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar State Pollution Control Board (BSPCB) monitored \" ambient air pollution\" level at three different locations in the city from October 22 to October 24 to check air quality during Dussehra festivities, which revealed an increase in respirable suspended particulate matter (RSPM) compared to the set standards.BSPCB officials said not only were these levels more than the average on normal days but were also higher than the permitted levels. RSPM included particles less than 10 microns which could be inhaled and adversely affect people's health.The three centres where air pollution levels were monitored were Beltron Bhavan, Shastri Nagar, the planetarium and Gandhi Maidan, which were checked for nitrogen oxide, RSPM and suspended particulate matter (SPM). While the level of nitrogen oxide exceeded the permitted level of 80 microgram per cubic metre at the planetarium, RSPM levels, too, increased significantly at all the three check points.The permissible level of RSPM is 100 microgram per cubic metre which was found to be at 248, 260 and 292 microgram per cubic metre at Gandhi Maidan and 242, 171 and 199 at planetarium on the three days respectively. The level of SPM was also higher than the set standards at these places.Scientific officer, BSPCB, Naveen Kumar, said the increase in RSPM could be attributed to increased movement of people and vehicles during Dussehra and could lead to respiratory disorders such as asthma. He said, \"The reports would be forwarded to Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) and Patna district administration to find ways to control air pollution by regulating traffic movement or sweeping dust from the roads etc.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16978809", "title": "Apple iPhone 5 prices start at Rs 45,500 in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apple iPhone 5, which will be launched in India on November 2, will be priced at Rs 45,500 for the entry-level 16GB model. The 32 and 64GB models will be sold at 52,500 and 59,500 respectively.The prices have been shared by Redington, one of the two distribution partners of Apple in India, in the country and are in line with the unconfirmed price range that TOI had earlier reported .Redington and Ingram have also confirmed TOI's Friday report that Apple is set to launch the iPhone 5, its latest smartphone, in India on November 2, 2012. Apple has joined hands with Redington and Ingram Micro to distribute its flagship device in the country.This is a departure from Apple's earlier strategy of partnering with telecom operators like Airtel and Aircel to retail the phone in India. Redington and Ingram Micro already distribute iPad and iPods in the country.Considering that the device will not be tied to a few telecom operators only, most telcos in India have readied their stocks of nano-sim cards which can be used only in iPhone 5.As reported by TOI on Thursday , besides online site Infibeam, another online retailer Saholic has begun taking pre-orders for the 16GB variant of iPhone 5 at Rs 45,500. Infibeam had started taking advance bookings at Rs 5,000, while the remaining amount will be collected at the time of launch.Apple is yet to launch the unlocked version of iPhone 5 in the US, its home country, and only sells the device with carrier partners like AT&T;, Sprint and Verizon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16975809", "title": "Students stab techie in Sector V", "text": "KOLKATA: Police on Friday arrested two hotel management students for attacking an IT employee with a knife and injuring him. The victim, who works in a firm based in Secotr V, is undergoing treatment in a city hospital.The incident took place around 4:30am on Friday. The hotel management students and the victim were having tea separately at a road-side stall in Salt Lake Sector V when an altercation broke out suddenly between them.According to an investigating officer, both the accused were in a drunken state. One of them suddenly brought out a knife, which is generally used for hotel management work, and stabbed the victim. He was rushed to a nearby hospital.A complaint was lodged at Sector V electronic complex police station. Acting swiftly on the complaint, the cops arrested both the hotel management students. Police are interrogating the duo to know the exact reason behind the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16976304", "title": "'BJP engaging Virbhadra in petty issues to weaken Congress campaign'", "text": "SHIMLA: Facing the heat because of frontal attack launched by BJP leaders on corruption issue, especially against state Congress president Virbhadra Singh , Congress has latched on to allegations levelled against BJP's national president Nitin Gadkari . Congress leaders feel that the Gadkari issue has neutralized the disadvantage party had because of allegations against Virbhadra in the run up to November 4 assembly elections.Congress general secretary Sudhir Sharma said that the allegations against Gadkari had exposed BJP's double standard. \"Why are the BJP leaders silent now? With what face would Gadkari face the people in Kinnaur on Saturday?\" he asked.Himachal Pradesh Congress Committee vice-president Harsh Mahajan, too, accused the BJP of levelling false allegations against Virbhadra. \"Before accusing Congress and its leaders of corruption, BJP should first set its own house in order,\" he said. \"People in Himachal Pradesh have known Virbhadra for last 50 years and they are going to teach BJP a lesson in the upcoming polls for levelling false and fabricated allegations against him,\" he added.Congress leaders claimed that allegations against the former chief minister have become a non issue and that people are beginning to understand the BJP strategy to engage Virbhadra in petty issues and weaken Congress campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16974317", "title": "Home guard injured during inspection", "text": "MUMBAI: A home guard who was on duty at Currey Road railway station on Thursday night sustained injuries in her right eye after a sharp object hit her.The victim, Urmila Adgaokar (49), was inspecting compartments reserved for handicapped commuters to check for illegal entrants at the time of the incident. She believes that the object was flung at her after the train started gathering speed. The Dadar government railway police (GRP) have recorded her statement but haven't lodged an FIR.Adgaokar, an Antop Hill resident, has been deputed with the railway protection force's (RPF) Byculla outpost. Around 9.45pm, she was at Currey Road station with another female home guard when a CST-bound local arrived on platform no. 2. The two home guards thoroughly searched the coaches reserved for handicapped commuters, looking for illegal travelers.\"As the train started picking up speed, Urmila felt something sharp pierce her right eye. She cupped her hands over her eye and sat down on the platform,\" her husband, Laxman, said. \"Her eye started watering and there was a bruise on her face as well.\"The usual protocol followed in such cases is that the injured person is rushed to a public hospital by GRP personnel. But Adgaokar did not approach the GRP, instead she went back to the Byculla RPF outpost where she has been stationed.RPF officials asked her to go to the Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Railway Hospital nearby. Assisted by her colleague, she then hobbled over to the hospital. But as opthalmologists weren't available at the railway hospital, she was sent to JJ Hospital for treatment.\"We are going through the CCTV footage at Currey Road to find out how she got hurt,\" said CT Soares, assistant security commissioner, RPF (Central Railway).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16974591", "title": "Six vehicle lifters held in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Six miscreants, who were planning to steal vehicles in two areas of Gurgaon, were arrested on Thursday night by the crime branch and Sector 40 police. Police recovered two country-made pistols, a stolen Santro car and live cartridges from their possession.Three vehicle lifters were arrested from near Leisure Valley Park when they were about execute a plan. The accused were identified as Aslam Khan, resident of Alwar in Rajasthan; Prem, resident of Sarai, Bihar; and Suman Khan, resident of Khilwara village in Mewat. A senior police officer said these professional criminals were trying to steal a vehicle when the police nabbed them.In another incident, after getting a tip-off that some miscreants were trying to steal a car near Delhi Public School in Sector 45, a police team reached near the community centre in a private vehicle and when miscreants stopped the vehicle and tried to take the driver of the police vehicle hostage at gunpoint the cops swung into action.After seeing the cops in uniform they tried to flee all of them with their Santro car were caught. The accused were identified as Deepak and Suraj Pal, residents of Bajipur, Bawana in Delhi; and Sonu, resident of Chidi village in Rohtak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16973812", "title": "Still on analog TV? Get ready for \u2018blackout\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: This Diwali, get ready for a blackout on your TV screen if you still have not switched over to a digitalized cable system. In the last three days, four channels have disappeared from the TV screens of Kandivli resident Amit Raje and his neighbours. They are not alone; many of the forty lakh TV viewers in the eight lakh homes that subscribe to analog cable TV in the Mumbai region are witnessing a daily loss of one or two channels.This exercise is a voluntary initiative by some broadcasters in the run-up to achieve a total 'blackout' of analog signals from November 1 in Mumbai. Local cable operators (LCOs) say around 35% cable television subscribers in the low income group will have to face a total TV blackout from November 1 as a large number of subscribers have not yet switched over to digitization through either set-top boxes (STBs) or direct to home (DTH) connections as mandated by the government. According to Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) and information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry sources, there will be no extension to the November 1 deadline. The impact of this decision on subscribers and LCOs is yet to be seen.According to sources, there are around 1.5 to 2 million cable viewers in the Mumbai region (including Thane and Navi Mumbai), of which 50% have analog cable connections, 30% have digital access system and 20% are direct to home (DTH) consumers. There are over 3,000 local cable operators with more than 25 multimedia service operators (MSO) providing services in the region.President Ashok Mansukhani of the MSO Alliance confirmed that some broadcasters, with the help of MSOs, were voluntarily withdrawing analog signals of certain channels in phases and the complete blackout of analog signals will be achieved from midnight on October 31 according to directives. \"This time, the deadline has not been extended,\" he said. The last deadline of June 30 had been extended to October 30 by the I&B; ministry following demands by LCOs.However, Anil Parab, president of the cable operators' association, said the LCOs had already requested the state for security cover from November 1 as consumers may not take the 'blackout' well. Parab said there was no transparency on part of the government and MSOs about how much subscribers have to shell out for paid channels and how much will go to LCOs, who have to manage connectivity.\"The government should disclose payment schedules to consumers and LCOs and create awareness among subscribers, specially those living in slums, about the advantages of digitization. There is currently a shortage of set-top boxes. These are some of the reasons why around 35-40% subscribers in Mumbai have not yet switched over to the digital system,\" he said. However, government data says that around 85-90% viewers in Mumbai have already switched over to digital.Abhay Dudhal of the Maharashtra navnirman cable sena said Kolkata and Chennai had also not achieved digitalization targets and hence the deadline should be extended.Jagdish Joshi of the eastern cable operators' welfare association said LCOs are getting such a low share that they won't be able to manage the maintenance and quality of connections.Mansukhani claimed that there was absolutely no shortage of set-top boxes in the market and the government had made the sharing ratio for MSOs and LCOs very clear. \"For each Rs 100 bouquet of free-to-air channels, MSOs will get Rs 45 while LCOs will get Rs 55. For paid channels costing minimum Rs 150 a bouquet, LCOs will get 35% of the amount while MSOs will get 65%,\" said Mansukhani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16976417", "title": "Maoist leader lands in cop net visiting fiancee", "text": "RANCHI: A senior Maoist activist, considered second to top leader Kundan Pahan and who had foiled more than 20 attempts of police to catch him since April, was arrested at Bundu where he had come to meet his girlfriend on Friday.Maheshji, active in Tamar, Bundu and Angara, all rural areas of the state capital, landed in police net at Aaradih village in a deep forest while meeting his girlfriend Laxmi Munda (name changed). The arrested rebel had plans to stay in the village for a couple of days and had laid can bombs on way to the village apparently to ensure no disturbance by police. In April, Maheshji had overpowered a police officer and escaped from Silli, 70km from Ranchi.Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh said, \"Maheshji had come to enjoy Durga Puja with his girlfriend in Bundu (30km from here). Acting on a tip-off, we laid a trap and arrested him.\" The rebel has disclosed a few important names and a search is going on to nab them too. Three can bombs, one single shot pistol, bullets and three mobile phones were recovered from him.Maheshji was in love with Laxmi for long. \"He had even taken her to visit puja pandals in Bundu. To keep suspicions at bay, he along with Laxmi rode bicycles to visit puja pandals like a common man,\" said SP (rural) A V Minz.Sources said Ranchi police were keeping tabs on Maheshji's movement. The security forces were also informed that the rebel, on the insistence of his girlfriend, had also planned to visit puja pandals in Ranchi. \"He could not do so as security was beefed up in the wake of the festival,\" said a police officer.Maheshji used to hammer out all the plans of ransom collection and wrecking violence. Police claimed in the past one year Maheshji, who has accepted his involvement in several killings, had collected Rs 10 lakh as ransom from government contractors. Maheshji was directly reporting to zonal commander Rammohan alias Mochu who is considered next to Pahan. Father of Maheshji, Hira Singh Munda, is also a dreaded Maoist, who was released on bail one month ago.The rebel has accepted his involvement in 13 cases of which three are murder cases. \"The rebel is being further interrogated,\" said SSP Ranchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16978221", "title": "Narendra Modi visa application to be handled as per law: William Burns", "text": "WASHINGTON: US would handle the visa application of the Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi as per the country's immigration laws, a top US diplomat said.At the same time, the official said, US supports the business interests of American companies in Gujarat.\"Well, I mean, the question has often arisen about, Mr Modi's potential application for visas, for example, to come to the US. And you know, the truth is I can't comment on individual visa applications. You know, those get handled, according to US immigration law at the time there's an application,\" the deputy secretary of state, William Burns said.Burns was responding to questions if there has been change in the US policy towards the Gujarat chief minister in view of the change in policy of the British government in this regard from a human rights activist at the Center for American Progress, an eminent US-thinktank based in Washington.\"About 10 years ago some major violence in Gujarat. We were there on the ground at the time, documented 2,500 deaths in Gujarat. The British government has just decided that it will now end ...the cold-shoulder policy with Narendra Modi, the (chief) minister of Gujarat State. Is it still US policy, and will it remain US policy for the time being, to maintain its cold-shoulder policy with respect to Mr. Modi?\" John Sifton, Asia advocacy director at Human Rights Watch asked.\"With regard to Gujarat in general, you know, obviously, to, you know, come back to the question about business activity, a lot of American businesses have interests there. We continue to support that. Obviously, there are a lot of Indian-Americans who come from Gujarat too. So there's a strong connection. But I don't have anything new to suggest with regard to personalities,\" Burns said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16973898", "title": "Science olympiad winners wish to be part of Mars mission", "text": "MUMBAI: The three winners who took India to the stars at the 17th International Astronomy Olympiad at Gwangju, South Korea have a dream\u2014 to participaete in India's Rs 425-crore unmanned mission to Mars slated for lift off provisionally in October-November 2013.Arindam Bhattacharya of Bangalore bagged the gold medal and Sheshansh Agarwal from Jaipur and Kumar Ayush of Jodhpur, each secured silver medals in the Olympiad held between October 16 and 24. A total of 18 teams from 17 countries participated in the contest which had three exams\u2014 theory, observation and practical.There were 24,000 applications from across India for the astronomy Olympiad. Of these, the three boys made it to the top after a tough three-tier screening process. The selection process was carried out by government of India's National Council of Science Museums. India has been participating for the last 14 years. The Nehru Science Centre and the Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education, both Mumbai-based, conducted the training programme.Speaking to TOI , gold medalist Arindam said, \"I have heard a lot about the mission to Marsand it is my dream to be a part of it. I hope I am given an opportunity by ISRO. I would like to analyze if there were habitable zones on Mars and also assess its physical characteristics,\" he said.\"If this mission is successful, be assured India will have a stronger voice in the global space arena,\" Arindam added.Sheshansh, one of the silver medalists, said, \"I would definitely like to be a part of the Indian Mars mission because of its scientific significance.\"During their stay in Gwangju, they were taken to South Korea's Naro Space Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16979644", "title": "NEP gets a Deepavali release", "text": "Gautham Vasudev Menon's Neethaane En Ponvasantham (NEP), has been confirmed for December 14, the Christmas and holiday season. The music for the film is by Isaignani Ilaiyaraja and the audio has already topped the music charts. The film has Jiiva, Samantha and Santhanam in the lead. The Telugu version of the film Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu has Nani and Samantha playing the lead characters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16975800", "title": "In-laws Could\u2019ve Plotted It: Family", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Adding a new twist to the investigation of schoolteacher Monica Goyal's death, thieves made an attempt to burgle her house in Sector 21 on Thursday night.Later, a bloodstained undergarment was found in a washing machine kept in the bathroom adjonining the room where Monica died under mysterious circumstances on October 15. The robbery attempt was thwarted by domestic servant Raghu who has been alone in the house since the family members were arrested.The thieves left behind a pillow cover containing artificial jewellery and valuables, and the undergarment was sent for forensic analysis to CFSL, Sector 36, on Friday.Monica's kin, however, alleged that the accused family members could have plotted the burglary to destroy all evidence and any possible clues. This happening has exposed UT police's negligence in tracing the bloodstained cloth, which the relatives say, could be a clue that Monica was murdered.Victim's brother Amit Goyal said: \"We have been telling the cops not to take Monica's death as a mere case of suicide. Evidence clearly proves murder.\"According to Raghu, it was around 1.15am when he heard voices of some persons arguing with each other. \"When I raised the alarm, they escaped. They were three in number,\" Raghu claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16976022", "title": "Samsung beats outlook on surging phone sales", "text": "Samsung Electronics Co, the world's biggest maker of TVs and mobile phones, reported record third- quarter profit that beat analysts' estimates as surging sales of Galaxy smartphones widened the lead over Apple Inc's iPhone.Net income in the three months ended Sept. 30 totaled 6.56 trillion won ($6 billion), the Suwon, South Korea-based company said in a statement on Friday. The average of 27 analysts' estimates compiled by Bloomberg was 6.25 trillion won. Earnings at the mobile-phone business increased after the introductions of the Galaxy S III phone and the Note II helped the company compete against Apple, a key customer and opponent in patent lawsuits on four continents. Samsung faces a tighter marketplace this holiday shopping season after Apple refreshed its product line and Microsoft Corp released its Surface tablet.\"The mobile-phone number came out very strong,\" Kim Young Chan, a Seoul-based analyst at Shinhan Investment Corp, said on phone. \"It again confirms there's no real competitor out there other than Apple. \"Competition likely will intensify in the fourth quarter amid concern the global economy may slow, Samsung said in a statement. The company will focus on high-value products to maintain its momentum and will try to boost sales of tablet computers with more pen-equipped models and cheaper devices, Samsung said.Operating profit was 8.12 trillion won, up 91% from 4.25 trillion won the year before. Sales totaled 52.18 trillion won and up from 41.27 trillion won a year earlier. bloombergCompetition likely will intensify in the fourth quarter amid concern the global economy may slow, Samsung said in a statement", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16975479", "title": "Erroneous Government order renders a deputy collector 'jobless'", "text": "KOCHI: Government orders taking the public for a ride isn't news anymore. However, on Thursday, an erroneous GO rendering a deputy collector in charge of disaster management 'jobless' made news.As per the order from the office of the revenue principal secretary, deputy collector C C Joseph from Thrissur assumed charge as deputy collector (disaster management) replacing Indira Devi, who 'retired on September 30' as per the records in the office.Devi came to know about the order only when she received a call from Joseph last week inquiring when he could assume charge. She said the confusion was due to some error in the records at the principal secretary's office about her date of birth. As per the SSLC book and other records, including the service book, Devi's date of birth falls on October 11. But the principal secretary's office record says it's October 1. If the retirement date of an employee is on the first day of a month, s/he should retire on the last day of the previous month. In case the date is any date from the second of a month, the employee should retire only on the last day of that month. As the date of birth of Indira Devi was falsely recorded as October 1, she was expected to retire on September 30.Devi had sent the certificates, including her SSLC book, to prove her claim that her date of birth is October 11. But the officials at the principal secretary's office apparently hadn't corrected the mistake. She is expecting a government order in her favour soon.Indira Devi came to know about the order only when she received a call from Joseph last week inquiring when he could assume charge", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16975502", "title": "Matrix Prasad, wife's 'double dealing'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Karnataka cadre IAS officer K Ratna Prabha has told CBI in her deposition in the Vanpic case that although the definition of a family restricts the members to husband, wife and minor children for it to be considered as a unit as regards exemption for certain properties held by it under the purview of urban land ceiling Act, Nimmagadda Prasad and his wife Asha Bharadwaj were considered as two units. That means their properties in Hyderabad and Vizag were exempted from ULC through two separate GOs. Ratna Prabha, who worked as revenue secretary of the state between March 2008 and June 2009 said in her deposition before CBI that 5765 square meters land in Vizag and Hyderabad belonging to Prasad was exempted through one GO. And through a separate GO, Asha's 2512 square metres land in Hyderabad was exempted. When we sought clarification about the spouse status of Asha, the same was furnished to us saying that Asha's spouse did not posess any additional properties, Ratna Prabha said. Interestingly, in her application before the authorities Asha did not mention her husband's name and instead described her status as daughter of R P Arya. Nimmagadda Prakash, brother of Prasad got another GO that exempted his 345 sq metres of property in Hyderabad.Ratna Prabha who deposed before the CBI in the Vanpic case as a witness told the CBI that the exemptions were granted by the then CM and revenue minister who were competent authorities for the job.tnn I was not under any pressure but was uncomfortable in the post as it dealt with regularization of lands as I am more development oriented officer rather than doing regulatory work, she said. Therefore, I was happy when I was transferred from this post within an year, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16973771", "title": "I-League: ONGC hold Prayag at 'home'", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was the so-called 'home' match for ONGC as they faced an in-form Prayag United at the Ambedkar Stadium in their I-League match on Friday. Well, ONGC did exploit the 'home' advantage to hold Prayag to a 1-1 draw in a match the 'visitors' controlled for the most part.ONGC had spring in their steps when Eric Brown curled his free-kick into the bottom left corner of the goal, beating India's premier goalkeeper Subrata Paul in the 36th minute. Prayag, after several attempts at the goal, managed to pull one back through top striker Ranti Martins as late as the 88th minute.The goal was followed by the most enthralling passage of play. Barely a minute later, Yusa Katsumi hurled one in from outside the penalty box which saw Paul at his best, leaping high to his left to parry the goal-bound ball away. Yusa, who was adjudged man-of-the-match, could still have won it for ONGC a minute later but hit the post after dribbling past Paul and facing an open net.As if that wasn't enough, ONGC were down to 10 men in the injury time with Brown was shown a second yellow card. The ONGC defence, consisting of Hassan Mohammed Adeola, Sachin Cawas and Sandeep Sangha, though, managed to hold Prayag off.Earlier, Prayag had found the ONGC net in the 58th minute when Ranti's shot was deflected in by a defender. But it was disallowed as Mohammad Rafique was found off-side.Prayag stepped on the gas in the second half with Kayne Vincent and Lester Fernandez teaming up on the left wing and Malsawmtlunga Shylo setting up the attacks from the other side. The ONGC defence, though, did exceptionally well to negate the attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975294", "title": "Railways signs pact with Spain on high speed trains", "text": "NEW DELHI: The railways on Friday signed an agreement with Spain to promote cooperation and information exchange in the areas of bullet trains, enhancing speed of passenger trains on existing lines and improving safety of train operations.The MoU was signed by railway minister C P Joshi and Spanish minister of public works and transport Ana Pastor Julian for technical cooperation in the rail sector that includes modernization of rolling stock among others.Railways has announced seven high-speed corridors and has prepared a Cabinet note to set up a high-speed rail authority to run trains at 300 km/hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16976264", "title": "No netas on Dussehra stage cheer youths", "text": "MANALI: Election commission's order to keep politics away from international Dussehra festivity in Kullu may have disappointed leaders, but youths are enjoying the programmes without political speeches.For the first time, Kullu Dussehra is showcasing only cultural, traditional and entertaining events, and there is no space for politics. Though the administration has ordered to organize programmes only till 10pm, but youth viewers are very happy that netas are not allowed to disturb them.\"I'm thankful to those who barred politicians from the stage of Dussehra. Otherwise they come, take hours and ruin our enjoyment throughout the festival,\" a second year student Yogesh Kumar said, adding that Dussehra organizing committee should make it an every year arrangement. \"Because this is historic and cultural event, all ceremonies should be performed by people from the same background, not by netas,\" he explained.Sunita Khemu, a final year student believes politics and culture should be kept separate and she is enjoying the uninterrupted programs for the first time in her life. \"Leaders should understand that we do not have any interest in their boring speeches. Now that we have no advertisements and intervals, extension of programmes till midnight would have enhanced the fervour of Dussehra,\" she said.Along with cultural programmes, artists from many countries perform filmy dance, songs, fashion shows, artistic acts and many more. One after another regular performances are keeping audience spell-bound.For computer applications student Manoj Sharma said, \"I entered gate of Lal Chand Prarthi Kala Kendra for the first time in my life during Dussehra. Earlier, I and my friends used to watch performances from outside the walls as politicians bring tight security with them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975224", "title": "India's rider to repeat visit of Pakistan judicial panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: India may insist on Pakistani law officers vetting \"evidential value\" of the testimonies that the Pakistani judicial commission proposes to collect from cross-examining 26/11 witnesses in Mumbai. It is only then that the terms of reference of the second visit of the Pakistani panel will be tied up.New Delhi is hoping to send a National Investigation Agency (NIA) team to Pakistan sometime next month to liaise with the Federal Investigation Agency (FIA), which is probing the 26/11 case, and also assess the necessity of proposed repeat visit by the Pakistani judicial commission.NIA, which is investigating the external linkages in the 26/11 case, is expected to seek access to the 26/11 case diaries, evidence collected by the FIA as well as the five prosecution witnesses, who have testified before the Pakistani anti-terror court holding the 26/11 trial. These witnesses are said to have disclosed details of the terror training that the 10-member Mumbai attack module underwent in Pakistan for the 26/11 operation.The trial in the Rawalpindi court is being held in camera.NIA will also reiterate demand for the voice samples of 26/11 main accused Hafiz Saeed, Zarar Shah and Zaki-ur- Rehman Lakhvi, besides enquiring the status of their letters rogatory pending with the Pakistani authorities.India's suggestion for NIA being allowed to visit Pakistan ahead of the second visit of the Pakistani judicial commission was conveyed to Islamabad by Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde on the sidelines of a recent SAARC meet in the Maldives. His counterpart Rehman Malik agreed, but is yet to respond to the formal request for the NIA visit routed subsequently through the ministry of external affairs (MEA).New Delhi has already conveyed its willingness to host the Pakistani judicial commission for a second time to cross-examine the four 26/11 witnesses - the magistrate who recorded Kasab's statement, the 26/11 investigating officer and two doctors who conducted post-mortem on the nine slain terrorists - but wants an assurance from Pakistan that the perpetrators on its soil will be brought to justice. The visit, based on a bilateral agreement that the witnesses will not be quizzed, however, did not help as a Pakistani court dismissed the material collected by the eight-member panel as of \"no evidential value\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974562", "title": "With Lok Sabha polls in mind, DMK woos western belt farmers", "text": "CHENNAI: With an eye on the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, the DMK seems to have hit on a novel method to garner votes from the farming community of Tamil Nadu . In a bid to woo coconut growers, who constitute a significant chunk of the vote bank, particularly in the Kongu region, DMK parliamentary party leader T R Baalu persuaded agriculture minister, Sharad Pawar , to come down and spend three hours with farmers during a discussionat the IIT-Madras campus on Friday. The session included a veritable platter of goodies for the farmers, from subsidies to removal of ban on export of coconut products.The move comes even as Baalu is said to be eyeing the Thanjavur constituency for the parliamentary elections, leading to intra-party rivalry with DMK colleague and Union minister of state S S Palanimanickam. Recently, Palanimanickam, the DMK's Thanjavur district secretary let out a bitter diatribe against Baalu for invading his turf and getting railway schemes for the region.On Friday, Baalu played the genial school teacher, moderating a discussion between Pawar and farmers. \"Sharad Pawarji has come all the way from Delhi, at my behest, just for you,\" he said. \"He has three hours here. So you must not linger long over your grievances. Stick to concise points.\" For his part, Pawar later told the farmers, \"As always, Baalu is trying to raise the issues of the farming community.\"The farmers were mostly from Coimbatore, Pollachi, Thanjavur, Theni, Kanyakumari, Vellore and Nagapattinam. Their grievances included demand for higher subsidy, removal of ban on export of coconut oil and products from southern ports, lesser quota of tender coconut converted into kopra and more value added products from coconuts like bottled tender coconut water and palm sugar. Like a king granting his subjects' wishes, the UPA allies on Friday, represented by Pawar and Baalu, asked the farmers \"to spell out their requests\". \"Ok, so you want more procurement centres in Tamil Nadu?\" Baalu asked a farmer. \"Fine, we will increase it from 17 to 30. All of you can put in names of places where the new centres must be set up.\" Adding to this largesse, Pawar said, \"We are in fact willing to provide, 34 instead of 30 centres.\" To this, Rajeev Gupta, the managing director of National Agriculture Cooperative Marketing Federation said, \"Sir we are willing to go beyond 34 too.\"Pawar also dealt with complaints against the UPA's MNREGS scheme creating labour problems. \"Since labour is in short supply during the harvest season with many employed under the MNREGA scheme, we shall request the Centre to extend MNREGA work to agriculture during harvest and sowing season,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16974531", "title": "4 Maharashtra men arrested for stealing gold on bus", "text": "CHENNAI: Special Chennai police teams have arrested four men from Maharashtra on charges of stealing five kg of gold jewellery valued at 1.5 crore from two Mumbai-based jewellery store workers on a Madurai-Chennai private bus in August.Police said Vilas Beema Rao Kale, Chandu Gundiba Sukale, Punekhar Seetharam Dikale and Ramagaro Gane Kale had tailed Manoj and Kushal Pal Singh, employees of Mumbai-based jeweller Sanjay Jain, to the city.Manoj and Singh had brought the gold to be sold in Coimbatore, Tirupur, Madurai and Chennai. On August 28, they had completed their work in Madurai and came to Chennai by a private bus the next day.When they arrived in Koyambedu, they found the bag with the gold missing. They filed a complaint with the Koyambedu police saying they suspected two people who had got off the bus at Peerkankaranai near Tambaram to be behind the theft.They told police that it was their first visit to the state and that they had brought along a substantial amount of jewellery to hand over to some shop owners in Coimbatore and Madurai who had placed the orders.They also called their employer Sanjay Jain and informed him about the theft. Jain immediately flew down to Chennai and met the police commissioner. Special teams were formed for the purpose and they managed to nab all the four accused from various places in Maharashtra.They had sold the gold jewellery to a man named Seetharam but they managed to seize 190 sovereigns of gold worth 38 lakh, police said. The arrested four were brought to Chennai and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16974184", "title": "Mapusa police station to shift by December", "text": "MAPUSA: Police authorities have given permissions to the SDPO Mapusa-I to shift the police station to the fire and emergency services building. As the current Mapusa police station is in a dilapidated condition, a new building will be constructed in its place after it is demolished.The Mapusa police station presently houses the SDPO Mapusa-I office, Mapusa police station, police barracks, residential quarters, DySP bungalow, inspector's cabin, sub inspector's and investigation officer's cabin, lock-up room, judicial lock-up, CID cell, home guard cell and the traffic cell.Sources in the police told TOI that the space at the fire and emergency services building is not sufficient to accommodate the police personnel even on a temporary basis. Police personnel are reluctant to move into it as they fear that functioning of the police station will worsen at the new place.The fire station is a ground-plus-two building with three barracks, one class room, station room and station in-charge office. The entire space at the fire station is utilized; there is not enough place to accommodate the police personnel sources in the fire station said. \"The documents at the police station itself will absorb more than one room of the fire station,\" a police source said. During this temporary shift, the lock-ups at Anjuna, Calangute and Porvorim will be used for custody of criminals.Sources said that the DIG had recently inspected the fire station but had not contacted the Mapusa fire station in-charge nor is there any official communication regarding the development between them. \"We have been asked to shift the fire station building as and when the construction of the new building starts,\" Mapusa DySP Serafin Dias said. \"It's a temporary arrangement we have to adjust,\" he said.Mapusa MLA and urban development minister Francis D'Souza said that work on the new police station is expected to start in December. \"The new building is estimated to cost Rs 8 crore which will have all the facilities required for a police station,\" D'Souza said. \"Inspection has been done, there is sufficient vacant space at the fire station to accommodate the police station,\" he said.D'Souza said that shifting will not cause any inconvenience to the people as the fire station is opposite the police station building and people are used to that area. It was first decided that the Mapusa police station would be temporarily shifted to the old Asilo hospital premises, but police personnel were reluctant to move there as it was also in a bad condition. Later the government dropped the plan as repair work of the old Asilo building will take up a lot of time and money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16974212", "title": "Goa NCP gearing up for next Lok Sabha polls", "text": "PANAJI: The Nationalist Congress Party's (NCP) national general secretary Tariq Anwar , who is in Goa, told mediapersons that the Goa NCP is gearing up to put up a good showing in the next Lok Sabha elections scheduled for 2014.When reminded that the Goa NCP had to 'import' a Congressman (Jitendra Deshprabhu) to contest the last Parliamentary elections from North Goa on a NCP ticket, Anwar said this time the party will hold consultations to find a strong candidate of its own. Asked whether the alliance and seat-sharing agreement with the Congress will continue, Anwar replied in the affirmative.He also said that the Goa NCP will soon conduct a membership drive to enroll at least 70,000 new members. The present membership of the NCP in Goa is 30,000.The executive committee also decided to form a core committee for implementation of various decisions. The NCP will also form a think-tank committee to give feedback to the party on its performance and to advise it on what issues to address. Party sources said that the executive was focused on the issue of doing well in the next Parliamentary elections in North Goa. Accordingly, the NCP state executive will meet again on Saturday afternoon to chalk out an action plan forthe future. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16974086", "title": "Girl molested at Miramar, spotted by a young couple", "text": "PANAJI: A girl was molested by an unidentified man at Miramar late Friday evening.It was around 7.50pm, when the girl, who seemed in her late teens, was on her daily walk towards Caranzalem on the footpath after the Goa Science Centre when the man who was coming from the opposite direction, forcibly grabbed her. The girl resisted and this scuffle on the footpath was spotted by a young couple who were travelling in a car towards the Dona Paula junction.The culprit was wearing an off-white colour shirt which was not tucked into his blue colour trousers. His shirt sleeves were folded. He was around 5.5 feet in height, of extremely thin build and dark in colour and looked to be in his thirties. There was no streetlight functioning at the spot where the incident happened. The man, then pretended to speak on his cellphone, began to run and fled. The couple, who watched the incident, stopped near the girl and inquired what had happened. When the girl confirmed she was molested, R Vaz, who was driving the car, swung around and chased the man against the oncoming traffic.Two youth who were on a motorcycle saw the car being driven against the oncoming traffic, and noticed the man running across the road towards the beachside. Sensing something had happened to the girl, they rode up to her and inquired what had happened.The girl was stunned, and in trauma, but she managed to relate the incident. The youth turned the bike around and crossed the road to follow the man who had run amidst the sand dunes. Valladares called on a number at the Porvorim police station hoping they would pass on the message to their Panaji counterparts.The girl, by then, had called a couple of friends who joined Vaz and the two youth. It was then decided to split up and keep a watch at all possible exit points at the beach till the police arrived. A call was also made to the police control room. The girl and her friends went towards the Dona Paula-end of the beach, while Vaz and a youth stayed put near the sand dunes. Another youth kept a watch at the entrance to the Miramar beach. Till 8.30pm, there was no sign of a policeman. The youth were still determined to find the man, but the molester slipped away under the cover of darkness. The girl then told those who had come to her rescue that she did not want to pursue the case. The police was then called and told not to come to the site.\"There were no streetlights on either side of this road. This encourages criminals to undertake such acts. Why was no PCR van stationed at the Miramar beach when its such a highly-populated tourist area?\" said Vaz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16974122", "title": "8-yr-old dies mysteriously Matruchhaya, an NGO that works for destitute children", "text": "PONDA: The mysterious death on Wednesday of an 8-year-old boy at Matruchhaya, Ponda, has shocked the NGO that works with destitute and orphaned children. Sources said the boy, Rajesh Raghusiddhi, behaved normally seconds before he went missing. He was later found in a well.Rajesh was staying at Matruchhaya's Bal Kalyan Ashram-a home for orphan and destitute boys, at Talauli, Ponda. Girls and infants are kept at Matruchhaya's main hostel at Dhavali.Ashram director Dhananjay Kale told TOI that Rajesh was attending evening prayers on Wednesday, when he went out. Kale thought the boy had gone to relieve himself.\"As he did not return, we started searching for him. He was not in the campus and we went out. One of us poked a bamboo inside the well and found Rajesh. We are all in shock and unable to accept that Rajesh is not with us,\" Kale added.Rajesh was alive when he was pulled out of the well but died on the way to Ponda community health center, where doctors declared him bought dead, Kale said.Dilip Desai, a member of the NGO, said the ashram authorities had called up Ponda fire services. \"If the fire personnel had arrived on time, the boy could have survived,\" Desai said.Desai said Rajesh was originally from Yallapur, Karnataka. His mother, working as a housemaid in Fatorda, was estranged from her husband and had admitted Rajesh and his younger sister to Matruchhaya.Rajesh was studying in Class III in a government school in the village. There were 19 boys in the ashram and he mixed well with all of them, Kale said.Desai said after Rajesh's death his mother took the body to her native place and has also taken back her daughter. Ponda police have registered the case as an unnatural death. PSI Sadashiv Hunashikatti is investigating. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16975518", "title": "'Pushy Bhanu had fishy role'", "text": "HYDERABAD: CVSK Sarma, a former principal secretary in the municipal administration department, has told CBI that MGVK Bhanu, the Assam-Meghalaya cadre IAS officer who was the special secretary in the chief minister's office during the YS Rajasekhara Reddy regime, had brought unusual pressure to bear on the officers of various departments asking them to urgently circulate important files related to the Vanpic project. Sarma made this averment in his deposition to CBI as a witness in the Vanpic scam case.On being asked by CBI as to how officials in the municipal administration allowed the conversion of usage (from residential to commercial) of a prime piece of land measuring 4050sq.yards belonging to Nimmagadda Prasad (the lynchpin of the scam) at Jubilee Hills, Road No.19, in violation of zoning rules, Sarma squarely put the blame on Bhanu.Recalling from his own experience as principal secretary in the irrigation and, then, the municipal administration departments, Sarma said: \"Bhanu was a very pushy officer and often exerted unusual pressure on officials for the circulation of important files. Even in the present case (pertaining to the Jubilee Hills land-use conversion), such pressure was exerted to ensure that the file was circulated quickly.\" Sarma said that the file pertaining to Nimmagadda's Jubilee Hills land conversion, too, had originated in the CM's office with a letter from Bhanu himself on August 17, 2007. According to him, Bhanu had enclosed a representation made by Nimmagadda addressed to the CM seeking the land-use conversion along with his letter.Sarma had then sent the file to HMDA, the relevant authority. 0 and abutted an existing 50ft long BT road and was surrounded by residential developments, Sarma said.According to Sarma, the HMDA commissioner also raised doubts over certain aspects pertaining to the urban land ceiling (ULC) Act in connection with the surplus land being held by Nimmagadda who then gave an undertaking that the ULC department was considering his application and that the municipal administration department was likely to process the file pending orders from the ULC wing.Thus the file was sent by HMDA commissioner without any recommendations or specific remarks, Sarma said in his deposition. Commercial activities are allowed only on roads that have been classified as commercial roads. However some exemptions can be made in specific cases where 60ft BT roads are available. In the current case, the BT road available is only 50ft, Sarma said.\"When the file came to me, I marked it to the chief minister through our own municipal administration minister. On the file, addressing the CM, I had written - 'For Kind Orders Sir',\" Sarma said. In his response, the CM made an ambiguous endorsement on September 30, 2008 saying 'Para 7 approved'. But the paragraph in question dealt with some other subject and to get it reconfirmed from the CM, the file was again circulated to Bhanu, Sarma said. Instead of obtaining a clarification from the CM, Bhanu endorsed the file on his own by writing on it that \"the presumption at para 12 is correct,\" Sarma said. Finally, the GO allowing the land conversion was issued on July 20, 2009. According to Sarma, the CM used his extraordinary discretionary powers in this case although such powers are used only in the public interest.Sarma added that Bhanu should have conveyed the CM's intention in this case only after checking with him. In the present case, the endorsement of the special secretary (Bhanu) of the CMO should have come after it had been duly clarified with the CM, Sarma said while indicating that Bhanu did so without consulting the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16979807", "title": "Formula 1 Opus makes a grand entry into India", "text": "NEW DELHI: With 852 pages, weighing 37kg and priced at a minimum cost of 2,000 pounds, the Formula One Opus made a grand entry into the Indian market with its global launch at a glittering function.The Official Formula One Opus is the biggest and heaviest publication ever on Formula One racing. Each edition is hand-bound in leather and silk, with over 50 per cent of the content newly and exclusively commissioned for the Opus.It illuminates the history of the sport; featuring numerous interviews and imagery.It is a joyous celebration of Formula One motor-racing - the definitive story that will take the reader on a journey from the era of swashbuckling heroes who took to the streets of Paris in their quest for speed, to the high tech, high-octane world of the modern sport.There will be a limited number of only 100 Champions Editions, which will include a signature page hand signed by every living world champion driver. This edition will be protected in a black carbonfibre clamshell case and will be offered for 20,000 pounds.The Official Formula One Opus will be available in India in the following two editions: The Champions Edition (Price - 20,000 pounds) and The Classic Edition (Price - 2,000 pounds).Karl Fowler, CEO and Founder, Opus Media Group said, \"With the Indian Grand Prix this weekend, we couldn't have asked for a better platform to release the Official Formula 1 Opus. A collection of never seen before imagery and stories on the history of F1, that will make it a prized possession for the passionate fans and collectors alike.\"We are extremely positive about the future expansion and collaborations within the Indian market and our alliance with RK Global will help us further develop our presence in India in the coming years.\"The official launch last night was attended by celebrities including film star Anil Kapoor , boxer Vijender Singh, shooter Gagan Narang, archer Deepika Kumari, chess player Taniya Sachdev and cricketer Gautam Gambhir. The evening lost a little shine as F1 Supremo Bernie Ecclestone could not make it for the launch.Amit Bhagchandka, Group CEO, RK Global said, \"It is a proud moment for RK Global to collaborate with Opus Media Group in India. The Indian luxury market has seen a surge in the last few years and we are extremely thrilled and positive about the future of this timeless and unique offering on the Indian turf.\"The bidding for the number one copy of the official Formula One Opus has commenced as it embarks on a global tour visiting 20 countries around the world during the F1 calendar.The special number one copy will be signed by VIPs from the world of Formula One and celebrity fans and ultimately returning to Delhi to be auctioned for a collection of charities back in Delhi during the 2013 Grand Prix weekend. The number one copy will leave India this year with a starting bid of $100,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16975527", "title": "Dengue on the rise in Delhi, 39 fresh cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is no end to the dengue outbreak in the city. With 39 new cases reported on Friday, total number of such cases has reached 835, up from last year's 641. Two patients confirmed positive for the mosquito-borne viral infection have died so far. The outbreak witnessed over last two months has also led to a verbal duel between the state health department and the municipal corporations with the former accusing the latter of adopting lackadaisical approach in the beginning.\"The household checking, anti-larval operations and fogging activities which are needed to check mosquito-breeding have to be planned strategically and must be carried out well in advance. The corporations have clearly failed in this, which is why we have dengue outbreak situation every year,\" said state health minister A K Walia. He said that mosquito-breeding checks, prevention and notification of diseases like dengue, malaria and chikungunya was the responsibility of the corporations.\"Multiplicity of authority is a big problem here. The health department can issue directions, suggest measures but the implementation is the civic body's responsibility,\" said a senior official, directorate of health services.The municipal corporations, on the other hand, claim they were doing their best to check mosquito breeding. \"In North Delhi, mosquito breeding checks have been carried out in 1.23 crore houses and 22,310 of them were issued legal notices, besides initiating prosecution action against 2,828 houses,\" said Yogender Chandolia, chairman standing committee, North Delhi Municipal Corporation. He added that in the last 14 days, about 11 lakh houses were checked for mosquito breeding and two lakh houses were covered for focal spray and fogging. Officials of the other municipal zones too claim to have taken similar steps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-27"}
