{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17151055", "title": "Senior citizen in Mumbai attacked again, survives", "text": "MUMBAI: In the second attack on a senior citizen in the city in five days, a 72-year-old widow who stayed alone in her Ghatkopar flat was slashed in the throat by a carpenter she had called. Kamlaben Thakkar was lucky that an office boy of her son, a businessman in Navi Mumbai, arrived soon after the attack and she was able to open the door the assailant had pulled shut. A bleeding Thakkar was rushed to hospital and is out of danger. Police said the motive appeared to be robbery though nothing has been reported stolen yet. P 2This is the second attack on a senior citizen in the past five days. On Sunday, Nirmala Vora, 73, was murdered at her Malad home by a former employee of her daughter's juice centre.Thakkar, a widow, resides alone in a 2-BHK flat at Vivek society in Ghatkopar's Sainath Nagar. Her son, Paresh, is a businessman and is based in Navi Mumbai. She has two daughters, both of whom are married. Police officials said Thakkar's children used to visit her regularly. Paresh used to send her money for expenses through an office boy once every two weeks.On Thursday, Thakkar had summoned a carpenter to repair a trolley. Her regular carpenter could not make it. \"The accused arrived around 1.30pm when Thakkar's maid was at home. He began work on the trolley. Around 2pm, the maid left and the accused realized that Thakkar was home alone. He then slashed her throat with a sharp weapon. It's not clear whether he used an implement used for carpentry to attack her or a knife from her kitchen,\" said senior inspector Ram Mandurke, Ghatkopar police station. The accused also tried to strangle Thakkar, sources said. He then tried to break open a few cupboards but was unsuccessful.Leaving Thakkar in a pool of blood, the accused left. Around 4pm, an office boy sent by Paresh to deliver money to his mother reached her home. When he rang the doorbell, an injured Thakkar somehow managed to open the door. The shocked office boy took her to Sapna Health care Centre in Ghatkopar and informed Paresh.\"Thakkar isn't in a condition to talk. But she is out of danger,\" said an official. Thakkar's husband died two years ago. The police have registered a case under Section 397 (robbery with attempt to cause death or grievous hurt) of the IPC against an unknown person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17147507", "title": "Numbers game", "text": "We are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions.President Barack Obama in his victory speech, November 7, 2012 *Life is a maths equation. In order to gain the most, you have to know how to convert negatives into positives.Tweet *A mind all logic is like a knife all blade. It makes the hand bleed that uses it.Rabindranath Tagore *I returned, and saw under the sun, that the race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, neither yet bread to the wise, nor yet riches to men of understanding, nor yet favour to men of skill; but time and chance happeneth to them all.Ecclesiastes *", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153662", "title": "Wanna bet big this Deepavali?", "text": "Card bashes this Deepavali will see a lot more innovations and spin-offs on old games, though teen patti will still flourish.In the run-up to Deepavali, people in the city are known to host card parties galore, with many opting to organize the bash on the day of the festival itself. The planning for these bashes begins a month in advance, with the hosts pulling out all the stops to ensure that their dos are as much talked about as they are enjoyable. There are some who even engage professional help for the same. The professional help makes it mandatory for hosts to send out invites well in advance, finalize the decorations and decor, draw up the guest list and decide about the food and games for the big day.Ruling the roost where card games are concerned is the desi teen patti, but of late it has seen many a variation on how it is played, and giving it company are other card games like the poker, black jack and roulette.Music is important Choreographer Sheetal Sharma, who likes to play poker for fun and attends different taash parties in the city, says, \"This year, the parties got a little more interesting and the music is what will make a big difference. So now, with a DJ spinning music, people who don't play cards will have something to do.\" Sheetal adds, \"Apart from teen patti, there is black jack for learners and poker too. While earlier, people had hardcore taash parties and concentrated only on that, this year they'll also have the dance floor to explore.\"Gambling is the agenda City-based entrepreneur Sandeep Kumar , who has always made it to the different parties in town over the years, follows the trend closely. He says, \"The parties are always planned much in advance, at least a month, and the dates are segregated accordingly so that people's parties don't clash.\"He also says, \"Gambling is always the agenda of these parties and nowadays it has gone hi-tech with professionals being employed at the casino tables that are hired for this purpose. That means higher stakes too. At the same party, there will be different tables depending on the stakes; bigger the table, the bigger the value. The ladies don't play high stakes and stick to smaller tables and enjoy teen patti the most, which too is played with a few twists.\"Teen Patti still popular Entrepreneur Ram Chugh, who has been hosting card parties for the past four years, says, \"This year, I am hosting a brunch party. We used to h ave hardcore card parties only, but since guests complain that they don't have anything to do if they're not playing cards, a DJ is here this time.\"No innovations required While there are some who like to get innovative and add a theme to their parties, there are others who stick to the game. Deepak Sethi, an entrepreneur, says, \"There are no innovations required because people who come for the party get interested in the game and play.\" Sandy agrees and says, \"Themes like Casino Royale became popular after Daniel Craig's first Bond film.\"taniya.talukdar@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149053", "title": "Man kills wife, hangs himself", "text": "NAGPUR: Suspecting his wife to be having an extra marital affair, a 45-year-old man killed his wife and later committed suicide. Unread newspapers at the door step and foul smell from the couple's residence at WCL quarters in Chankapur, 4km from Khaparkheda, brought to fore the matter on Thursday morning.After being alerted by the residents, Khaparkheda police broke open the door and found decomposed bodies of the couple. Neelam Kushwah (35) was found dead on the bed while husband Ramayan was found hanging from the ceiling hook with dupatta in the kitchen.\"Both the bodies were decomposed. Neelam's tongue was out which seems that Kushwah might have strangulated her,\" said PSI Vijay Naik, who had been to Mayo mortuary with the bodies for post mortem.Cops suspect that the incident took place three days ago. \"Newspapers from November 5 are at the door step. It means that the incident might have taken place on November 4,\" said police. Kushwah worked as an electrician while Neelam was a housewife.According to the cops, it was the couple's second marriage. The couple hails from Uttar Pradesh. Kushwah's had divorced his first wife, who stays in UP. Neelam had also separated from her first husband.The couple got married six years ago. Neelam's relatives said that after separating from her husband, Neelam would stay at her sister's house at WCL quarters in Khaparkheda. They came to know about Kushwah interested in marriage.\"First Kushwah and Neelam take time to know each other and then took the decision to get marry,\" said a relative.On Thursday morning, the newspaper boy saw newspapers lying at the door step. \"He called Kushwah but as there was no response, he opened the window and saw Neelam. He alerted neighbours and cops,\" said police.No suicide note was found by police. It was learnt that Kushwah had gone to work on November 4.Relatives informed that Kushwah would doubt Neelam having an illicit affair. \"The couple would often have argument over this,\" said a relative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17150616", "title": "Chancellor in appointment row", "text": "MALDA: After the admission row, the University of Gour Banga (UGB) was caught in a recruitment controversy where the chancellor's nominee was ignored while appointing associate professors and the all important post of the audit officer. Questions were raised over vice-chancellor Achintya Biswas reportedly flouting the university law while issuing appointment for the posts.As per the latest UGC Regulations and West Bengal University Laws (Amendment) Act, 2011 regarding the composition of the selection committee for the post of associate professor in the university, it is said that the selection committee must include a nominee of the chancellor. But in the interview held in September this year for appointing an associate professor for Bengali and history in UGB, there was no representative of the chancellor ie governor of West Bengal. The head of the department of Bengali Souren Banerjee was also not included in the selection committee.Prof Aditya Lala was appointed in Bengali although the University Council was kept in the dark. Similarly in History too the Chancellor's nominee was not present in the selection committee although the selected candidate did not eventually join the post.In both cases an allegation was raised against the VC, who allegedly wilfully violated the norms. Only three members were present in the Selection Committee. All of them were selected by Biswas. It is categorically mentioned in the West Bengal University Laws (Amendment) Act, 2011, that the V-C's nominee shall be the head of the selection committee. But Biswas himself was present throughout the interview.Worse, as per Section 30(1) of the University of Gour Banga Act (After Amendment), there should be at least four members to constitute the quorum for a selection committee meeting. But only three members were present.However, there were instances of irregularity in appointing the UGB Audit Officer. No nominee of the Chancellor or of the state government was invited in the selection committee, violating the University Act. First, the Vice-Chancellor constituted the selection committee by violating the provisions of the 58(5) of the Gour Banga University Act 2007 and worse, without any approval of the University Council the Vice-Chancellor also unlawfully recruited one Binoy Halder as the Audit Officer.Prof Dulal Ghosh, a member of the University Council, asked: \"How can the same person become the recommending as well as the approving authority?\" He added: \"The appointment process was totally illegal and unethical. The vice-chancellor cannot appoint anyone bypassing the council. We're certainly drawing the attention of the education minister in this regard.\"Prof Ghosh added: \"University of Gour Banga has no statute yet. We are following Section 58(5) of the Gour Banga University Act 2007 (amended). Here it is clearly mentioned that the appointment of officers and technical persons is subject to recommendation of the selection committee, consisting of the \"Vice chancellor as chairman, a nominee of the Council, a nominee of the chancellor and a nominee of the state government. Does not the V-C know this? It is a deliberate attempt to keep the council in dark and we'll draw the attention of the education minister.\"However, Biswas was unfazed. \"Only the selection committee for the appointment of officers like the registrar, the controller of examinations and others need the nominee of the chancellor. It is not imperative for other posts, as far as I know,\" Biswas said without disclosing why he sought the names of the Chancellor's nominees.It may be recalled that Biswas was caught in an admission row in the university when a candidate was recommended by him to be admitted in MA in education course, flouting the merit list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149022", "title": "Rahul style evident in Congress functioning", "text": "NAGPUR: That the Congress party has started working a year-end-half in advance to shortlist candidates for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections is being seen as an unmistakable Rahul Gandhi stamp on the party functioning. So, one can hope more of method than madness when it comes to allotting party tickets - a process that somehow always got on to the 11th hour.The All India Congress Committee has deputed party leader from Andhra Pradesh, G Rudra Raju, APCC general secretary and former MLC to make an assessment in all 10 parliamentary seats of Vidarbha. Raju has already completed the preliminary process for Nagpur and Wardha seats and on Thursday left for Chandrapur, Gadchiroli. On Friday he is scheduled to visit Bhandara-Gondia. Away from media glare he meticulously met all senior party leaders, sitting MPs, MLAs and other functionaries and 40-odd corporators to ascertain their views on party's chances in 2014 elections. They were also asked to fill-up a six-page questionnaire.Amid reports that Rahul is taking over reins of party organization as its working president, a 50-strong team broadly termed in the Congress parlance as 'Rahul Brigade' has fanned out all over the country to study constituency-wise situation. Raju will be coming back on Nov 17 to continue his work in Amravati division. He will also visit Nagpur rural seat currently represented by Mukul Wasnik.Refusing to elaborate on his observation, Raju said after touring whole of Vidarbha he would submit report to the party. 'Sitting-getting' (sitting MP getting another chance) may be an old norm. But with Rahul getting into action, you never know. This change has emboldened other aspirants. In the city, it is learnt that AICC secretary Anees Ahmed, has also staked claim for the party ticket for Lok Sabha seat despite the fact that Vilas Muttemwar is the front-runner and as sitting MP hoping to get repeated for the eighth term (fifth in a row from here).No doubt Nagpur will assume more importance in view of BJP national president Nitin Gadkari's likelihood of contesting from here. The Congress is fully aware that threat to the victory from Nagpur is more from factional leaders within the party creating problems than the opposition BJP. That the party lost four assembly seats in the city followed by a poor performance in NMC election early this year is already a matter of serious concern. The 'heavyweights' problem dividing the party into factions is something the MPCC has not been able to sort out for years.Ahmed may be keen on the Lok Sabha ticket but the fact that he was lost from the city in last assembly elections may dim his chances. Similarly, in Wardha where sitting MP Datta Meghe has decided not to re-contest, there could be tussle between his son Sagar and former Rajasthan governor late Prabha Rau's daughter Charulata Tokas. Wasnik who spends more time in New Delhi because of party work and gets only weekends to tour his Ramtek constituency may have to explain that the 'visiting MP' tag he has earned may not matter much.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153751", "title": "Dhanush confirms cameo in Malayalam!", "text": "Kammath &amp; Kammath, a rollicking comedy which has Mammootty and Dileep playing the Kammath brothers who own a hotel chain, has started rolling in Kochi. Rima Kallingal and Karthika Nair are the heroines.Sources close to Dhanush say that it is his respect for Mammootty that made him accept this brief role. It is strongly rumoured that Dhanush is trying to make inroads into Kerala market which remains a Vijay and Suriya bastion.Looks like it is official that Dhanush is doing a cameo in Kammath &amp; Kammath , his first appearance in a straight Malayalam film.Confirming the news director Thompson said: \"I narrated the entire script and Dhanush agreed to do this cameo which is very crucial to the story in the climax.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17148758", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcHalf-flyover\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to make Noida Gate to e-way signal-free", "text": "NOIDA: In order to provide a signal-free corridor and streamline traffic flow between Noida and Delhi, the Authority on Thursday floated tenders for construction of the 'half-flyover' or an elevated U-turn at Sector 15A, near the Noida entry gate.After closing most U-turns along the stretch between Noida Gate and entry to the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway in July this year, the Authority had proposed to construct the half-flyover and had invited Expression of Interests for the project. It has been proposed to make the stretch between Noida entry gate and Pari Chowk in Greater Noida signal-free. All speed breakers have been removed and signals and turns closed on the central carriageway of the stretch, except for two cuts in front of the Sector 15A gate.The Authority has now decided to close the two turns and in turn construct an elevated U-turn at the Sector 15A entry gate for smooth flow of traffic. Since a U-turn or traffic bulb will take up too much road space, a half flyover or an elevated U-turn on one side of the road under the DND flyover near the Apeejay School gate is the best option.\"Noida Authority, in coordination with traffic police, has made a few modifications along the link road between Noida entry point and start of the e-way. Traffic pattern along the route is set to change and we are closing all cuts on the central carriageway besides widening the road, removing speed breakers, constructing U-turns and building foot over-bridges to make the stretch signal-free,\" said an Authority official. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17150992", "title": "Protest against university exam fee hike gets razor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s edge", "text": "KANPUR: Protest against hike in university exam fee, students of DBS College, Juhari Devi, SN Sen Girls College, BND College and DAV College offered to give commuters and locals at the busy Narhona crossing on Mall Road a shave for money to pay their hiked exam fees. The agitating students said they were unable to afford the hiked fees and were in no position to pay the fees hiked from Rs 370 to Rs 805. Male students put up mock 'Juhari Devi Men's Parlour', 'BNSD College Men's Parlour' and so on while girls held placards reading messages against the Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University administration demanding immediate roll-back of the hike.Students told TOI they were compelled to protest in such a manner as it was not possible for them to pay the increased examination fee. They questioned the need for increasing examination fee to more than double and added that it was not acceptable and the protest would continue till the hike was rolled back.\"What was the need for increasing the examination fee by more than double? It is a big hike and we are not in a position to afford it. We protest the decision and demand a roll-back\", said a girl student protesting at Narhona crossing.Several other girl students of Juhari Devi Girls PG college blamed their college principal Baby Rani Agarwal for pressing them to pay the examination fees instead of launching a protest. \"Our principal) has been threatening us by saying that if we did not pay the increased examination fee, our candidature would stand cancelled and we would not be allowed to study in the college. Somebody save our career from getting ruined,\" said the students interacting with mediapersons.On Wednesday, the agitating students had worked as daily wage labourers in the busy Collectorganj to earn extra money. They carried gunny bags filled with commodities on their back to earn the excess examination fee amount. The students had also begged in protest, saying they were poor and collecting money to pay their examination fees. This was also written as slogans on placards held by them. A number of students, including Rajni Gautam, Priya Kashyap, Neha Tiwari, Ved Prakash, Archana Tiwari and Manish Gupta, took part in the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150581", "title": "Cops find 12.5kg ganja aboard train", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Government Railway Police (GRP) found an abandoned parcel containing 12.5 kg of ganja aboard Sabarmati Express on Thursday morning. Investigation has begun on the basis of two railway tickets found in the package.According to GPR officials at Kalupur railway station, passengers of Sabarmati Express observed a bag left behind when the train emptied. The passengers then informed the constables patrolling the platform and a team reached the spot and found the bag below a seat.GRP inspector P P Pirojiya said the package had packets of ganja (cannabis) wrapped in newspaper. \"The stock weighed 12.5kg. We suspect somebody put the bag for a carrier to pick it up after the train arrived in Ahmedabad,\" he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17148896", "title": "Truck catches fire in new Katraj tunnel", "text": "PUNE: Vehicular traffic on the Pune-Bangalore highway was thrown out of gear for about an hour 3.30pm on Thursday, after a truck carrying liquor, cosmetics and medicines caught fire in the new Katraj tunnel at Jambhulwadi.After the Pune fire brigade managed to control the fire, the truck was towed out of the tunnel.Fire officer Prabhakar Umratkar said, \"When we reached the spot, the truck was burning in the middle of the tunnel,\" Umratkar said.the engine and the cabin of the vehicle were already burnt. The flames had reached the back of the truck where the boxes of medicines and liquors were kept.\"He said prima facie it seems the fire started due to a short circuit or a spark in the engine. \"The driver and the cleaner escaped unhurt.\"Assistant police inspector of the Haveli police station, Namdeo Kauthale, said that traffic was stopped for fire brigade operation and safety. \"Vehicular traffic was restored after the truck was removed,\" Kauthale said.\"We are checking whether the transporter had obtained all the necessary permits,\" Kauthale added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149215", "title": "Rajesh Khanna's live-in partner Anita Advani files domestic violence case against Khanna family", "text": "MUMBAI: Anita Advani, who claims to be late Rajesh Khanna's live- in partner for over a decade, has filed a domestic violence case against Khanna's wife Dimple Kapadia, her daughters Twinkle and Rinkie and son- in law and actor Akshay Khanna.Advani appeared before magistrate Shailesh Sharad Deshpande on Wednesday to file her case. The magistrate has directed the Khanna family to file their reply on or before November 27, the date fixed for the hearing of the case.Advani, in her plea, has claimed that she is entitled to Rajesh Khanna's property and that she was forcibly evicted from the iconic 'Ashirwad' bungalow.When asked about the issue, Advani replied: `` I don't want to comment.\" Advani's lawyers told mediapersons that the notice will be served on the Khanna family on Friday (November 9).In her application, Advani has reportedly demanded protection and to be allowed access to 'Ashirwad'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153226", "title": "'Kalyanji-Anandji named me Angana Yagnik'", "text": "The song Mere Angnein Mein Tumhara Kya Kaam Hai from Lawaaris (1981) was not only my first hit song; it holds a special place in my career.For starters, Amitabh Bachchan Saab sang the male version for composers Kalyanji-Anandji. I was their pupil at the time and spent several hours hanging around in their studio. During Amit-ji's rehearsals, I was sitting in a corner of the recording room, listening to him practise the number.The folk tune was so catchy, I soon found myself humming it. The very next day, I visited HMV's studio in Colaba (which no longer exists) to watch Amit-ji record the song. After he finished recording, Kalyanji-Anandji told me it was my turn to take the mike and sing. The two of them had a great sense of humour and used to joke constantly. So at first, I thought this was another one of their jokes. However, I knew the song by heart as I had watched Amit-ji sing it. I went ahead and sang. Mind you, I was in my teens then and my voice was very girlish, very kachcha.Kalyanji-Anandji heard me out and asked me to modulate my voice to make it sound mature. They told me the song was to be filmed on a senior actress. I tried my best. Finally, they approved my take and revealed, \"You will see Raakhee-ji sing your song on the screen.\"I didn't react. I thought they were joking again so I simply returned home and forgot all about it. When the film released, I actually saw Raakhee-ji singing and dancing to what I had sung. I was overjoyed. Suddenly, the importance of that number sunk in. Here was a song whose male version had been sung by the biggest star of the country while I had sung for one of the top leading ladies. It hit me hard. Soon, I was flooded with offers to sing feisty folk songs about husbands and wives. While I did accept some of the offers, I couldn't fully avail of the opportunities that came my way because at the time, I was based in Kolkata and busy completing my education.All said, Mere Angnein Mein made a strong impact on my career. Kalyanji-Anandjibhai even started calling me 'Angana Yagnik'. I would accompany Amit-ji and them to concerts across the globe. Everywhere, Amit-ji and I had to sing the number. When Amit-ji came to the lines 'Jisski biwi choti', he would invariably bring Jaya-ji on the stage. The song brought the house down. To this day, it haunts me. At live shows, I sing all my soft melodious numbers. Finally though, I give in to the audience' demand for Mere Angnein Mein. \u00e2\u20ac\u201dAs told to Subhash K Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17151613", "title": "Western TN gears up for a dark Diwali", "text": "COIMBATORE: This year, it looks like the festival of lights will be celebrated in darkness. The entire western Tamil Nadu has been suffering power cuts that extend beyond 14 hours daily. On Wednesday, just four days ahead of Diwali, the region including Coimbatore, Tirupur, Erode and Salem, plunged into darkness at 9pm. The power returned early morning on Thursday, but just for an hour, affecting the festival shopping plans of many residents.Electricity Board (EB) authorities attribute the grim situation to the almost negligent production of wind energy. Despite unexpected rains on Wednesday, a shortage of 4,000 mw of power has led to interrupted supply. As per the TNAU weather forecast, mild showers are expected in the next couple of days. The average rainfall this season will exceed 300mm, the forecast says.TANGEDCO officials say that they are depending on the rains to bail them out of the power crisis. One of the five gas turbine power stations has been forced to shut down operations due to shortage of gas. This has worsened the power crisis, says a senior TANGEDCO official on conditions of anonymity.The five gas turbine stations in the state include the one at Basin Bridge, two at Thirumakottai and one each at Valathur and Kuttalam which produce a total of 210mw of energy. \"There is a sudden increase in the demand, which may be due to the lack of rain. The additional load is due to the increase in use of air conditioners and pumps by farmers,\" the official said. Due to lack of wind, HT consumers are using up their banked energy to run operations.Meanwhile, residents continue to have sleepless nights. \"It is impossible to get a good night's sleep without a working fan. Our only respite is an occasional cool breeze,\" said K Nazar, a resident of G M Nagar in Ukkadam. The situation became severe when many in his family fell sick due to lack of adequate sleep, he added.\"Children stand to suffer the most. Exams are just round the corner and with the long power cuts it will be very difficult for them to concentrate on their studies. Lack of sleep has affected the health of my children. I cannot afford to buy an UPS,\" said Rambabu Singh, another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17151540", "title": "Dip in demand leaves diyas in the dark", "text": "HUBLI: Increase in demand for decorative candle lamps, electric lamps and metal-coated lamps seems to be taking the sheen off the traditional, eco-friendly earthern diyas this Diwali.This trend has come as a big blow to Kumbar families who have been making traditional clay lamps for the past few decades in the city. But, the wave of modernity has swept away the fortunes of these families.With less demand for clay lamps, most Kumbar families are today facing uncertainty. Many families have stopped making clay lamps while others are finding it difficult to market the clay lamps. Lighting clay lamps during festivals like Diwali and Kartikamasa are part of tradition, but today, they are being conveniently replaced with candle lamps, metal-coated lamps.The city has around 25 families involved in clay lamp making, but only a few families are continuing the profession. Finding market is a Herculean task, they say.During their golden time, each family used to make more than 2,000 clay lamps which would fetch them good profit. They would start preparation well in advance and spend at least 4-5 months before Diwali to deliver lamps to customers.\"I have stopped making clay lamps this year since there is no demand for clay clamps. To eke out a living, we depend on other works,\" Shantavva Kumbar, a potter, said.Another potter Paravva Kalghatagi said she made around 1,500 lamps this year, but there are hardly any takers. \"The price of one clay lamp is Rs 2.50 paise while other clay lamps are also priced at the same, so people are opting for them. I have decided not to continue making clay diyas. I managed to sell nearly 5,000 clay lamps last year, but this year I could not even sell 50,\" she said.According to Roopa Baliger, a customer, metal-coated lamps are more beautiful and durable than clay lamps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "17151812", "title": "US dream sown in Bongaon village", "text": "BARASAT: It was tense moment at the American Center on Wednesday as the vote count for the next US President swung from one camp to another. Just like the entire world, US citizens in Kolkata were waiting with bated breath to welcome their next President. But thousand miles away from groundzero, in a non-descript apartment in Barasat, a three member family was on the edge, equally tensed to know who will rule the US for the next four years. A win for Barack Obama meant a member of their extended family will become one of the top decision makers of that country.Just as the conformation that Obama was elected for a second term flashed on the television screen, a sense of relief and joy filled the house. After all, now their Rachana may become a top diplomat of the US government.Rachana 'Ruchi' Grab nee Bhowmick was a key associate of President Obama when she last visited her cousin Ratna and her husband Swapan in 2004. While Ruchi had since risen to become the deputy assistant to the President and deputy cabinet secretary in the White House Office of Cabinet Affairs, she is tipped for an even bigger role in the administration after Obama got elected for the second time.\"Sonali Bhowmik, Rachana's elder sister, was Obama's classmate. Now the American president is a family friend of Bhowmiks. With Obama winning the second term, Rachana is expecting a more prestigious berth in the Senate,\" gushed Ratna. She and Swapan live in the non-descript Shyamali Apartment in Barasat, a short drive from Kolkata airport on the northeastern fringes of the city. After Obama's victory on Tuesday, Dey's apartment has already been christened the Obama House by neighbours.Rachana and Sonali's father Dilip, an academician who hails from a remote Bongaon, left for the US in 1966. Both his daughters were born there. However, Bhowmik religiously comes to the city every year and makes it a point to visit his Bongaon home.The Dey family spent a sleepless night on election day. \"Not only us, my uncles at Bongaon were anxiously glued to CNN, tracking the election results,\" said Ratna. She had spoken to Rachana just the day before and the latter had said it would be a toughcontestthistime.After Obama's victory,other residents of the apartment trooped into the Dey flat to congratulate them. \"It felt as though we had won thee lections,\"chuckled Swapan, a law practitioner.He recalled how Rachana would ride his scooter and go around the countryside during her last visit to Barasat eight years ago. Debasmita, a BCom final year student and Ratna's daughter, had lovingly named Rachana as \"Luchi kakima\" after watching her gobble luchis as though they were rosogollas. \"She was very courteous. While we were travelling on a bus, she offered the seat to an elderly gentleman even though we were sitting on seats designated for women,\" recounted Debasmita, who dreams of migrating to the US someday.Speaking to TOI from the US, Rachana's father Dilip said his daughter's India trip was unlikely anytime soon.\"Rachana is expected to get added responsibilities in three months. Travelling to Kolkata will be tough. We are coming down though,\"he said.Seven years of service for President ObamaRachana \"Ruchi\" Bhowmik is the deputy assistant to the President and deputy cabinet secretary in the White House. In this role, Ruchi helps lead efforts to develop policy and coordinate with the Cabinet departments and agencies.Prior to serving as deputy cabinet secretary, she served as a special assistant to the President and policy advisor to the office of the Chief of Staff in the White House. In that role, she served as the principal advisor to the deputy Chief of Staff for Policy and interacted with senior administration officials and Federal agencies to develop and implement policy in issue areas such as energy, jobs and the economy, education, veterans and health care reform.Ruchi has worked for President Obama for more than seven years. After he was elected to the US Senate, she joined his Senate staff as Legislative Counsel and later was promoted to Legislative Director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17151636", "title": "Soon, CCTVs to spot touts at Kovai Junction", "text": "COIMBATORE: A day after TOI reported on touts hijacking the train ticket reservation facility at Coimbatore junction railway station, divisional railway manager Sujatha Jayaraj has promised quick action by increasing the number of surprise raids at reservation counters. She also promised steps to make the railway protection force and railway police more vigilant to prevent such dubious activities.According to her, the process of installing CCTVs and cameras is fast progressing and the railways research and design wing has promised to ensure the facility in a couple of months.\"After installing the cameras, there would be a round the clock control room to track movement of unwanted persons in and around reservation counters. Those who can provide tip offs regarding movements of touts can also approach the railways,\" she said. CCTVs would soon be installed in Salem and Erode stations as well. When asked about the alleged inaction of RPF personnel in Coimbatore junction against touts, she said the higher-ups have already been alerted to keep a watch on persons deployed in Coimbatore.When asked about the hijacking of online booking facility by private travel agencies using fake IDs, she said the IDs and numbers published by TOI have already been handed over to RPF top officials for tracing and further legal action. IRCTC and other wings of Railways dealing with online tickets have also been alerted to use cyber technology to curb such manipulation. On proving the use of fake IDs, legal action would be taken against the travel agencies which indulge in such unhealthy activities, she said.The divisional manger also urged the public to help the authorities in ending the prevalence of touts.\"Touts are growing because of the readiness of people to buy tickets at exorbitant rates. On giving specific information, RPF can catch those who violate the law,\" she said. Sujatha said that from December 1, identity proof will be mandatory for train travel in any reservation class and this would discourage touts to a large extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17151604", "title": "Folk fiesta as Maharaja college folk dept turns 25", "text": "MYSORE: The folk department of Maharaja College has lined up a host of folk events to celebrate the silver jubilee of the department on Friday.Several known names in the field of Karnataka folk culture will make their presence felt at the daylong event. Elaborating on the event, principal C B Ramachandra said: \"Various activities and seminars are being conducted throughout the year. But on Friday, famous names in the folk world will be remembered and attempts will be made to spread the fragrance of folk culture in society.\"In the morning, there is a seminar on 'University of Mysore and Folk' by Kuvempu Kannada Adhyayana Samste assistant professor Nanjayya Hoganooru and 'Folk: Recent Pravrutti' by folk scholar K R Sandhya Reddy.In the afternoon, three folk troupes of the college will perform Kamsale, Pooja Kunita and Dollu Kunita. Malnad region's folk dance 'Yakshagana' will be performed by Yakshagana Kala Pradarshana.Traditional foods including rotti, yengai palya, kajjaya and payasa will be served for lunch. Head of folk department H R Chetana, said: \"We want people to take away memories with them.\"There were only 30 students when the department was started in 1986, now there are about 100 students in the department, with an average student admission of 60 every year.On the silver jubilee occasion, the department will be granted a separate room in the college premises. The room will have a folk museum where folk crafts, literature and costumes will be exhibited throughout the year.The alumni of the department will also be present at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17150666", "title": "Follow norms while bursting crackers", "text": "BANGALORE: Be careful while you choose fire crackers this Diwali. City police have warned citizens against bursting crackers which do not meet the specifications set by the Supreme Court. They have also banned the bursting of noisy crackers between 10pm and 6am.In an official release, police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said: \"In a bid to restrict the sale and use of dangerous fireworks during Diwali, cracker sellers have been asked to follow the guidelines set by the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board based on Supreme Court orders. Moreover, the bursting of crackers will also pile up waste on the roadsides, which has to be controlled.\"The release quoted the Supreme Court as saying: \"The department of explosives (DoE) shall specify the proportion/composition as well as the maximum permissible weight of every chemical used in manufacturing fire crackers. Every manufacturer should mention details of its chemical content and that it satisfies the requirements as laid down by the DoE on the box of each fire cracker. In case of failure on the part of the manufacturer to mention the details or in cases where the contents of the box do not match the chemical formula as stated on the box, the manufacturer may be held liable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17151198", "title": "B.Ed candidates get allotment letters", "text": "KANPUR: The B.Ed admission seekers are being issued allotment letters at the computer centre in Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University and at SSA Institute in Panki after the conclusion of counselling at different counselling centres in the city.The students were seen queuing up for taking the allotment letters both at the two places.In last two days, over 1,500 allotment letters have been handed over to the students who took part in B.Ed counselling and locked the seats. Over 100 students were allotted rejection letters and their demand draft were also given back to them. On Thursday, huge rush of students was witnessed at the two counselling centres. Same was the scene on Wednesday as well.A faculty member of CSMU said that over 45% of the students have been allotted allotment letters at SSA Institute. Nearly 50% students have been given the letters in university.The process of handing over allotment letters to the candidates will finish soon and they are required to take admission in the allotted BEd college within a week.It is mandatory for the students to take admission within a week at the alloted B.Ed college, otherwise, the candidature could be cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149260", "title": "Tughlaqabad depot fraud: One arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Directorate of Revenue Services has helped southeast district police to arrest the accused who had removed eight containers worth crores from the Tughlaqabad depot in May this year. The accused, Ajit, had forged signatures of many senior customs officials for the theft, sources said.Among the items that were illegally taken out was the R-22 gas for which a special licence is needed. \"This colourless gas \u00e2\u20ac\u201d HCFC-22, or R-22 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is commonly used as a propellant. These applications are being phased out in developed countries due to the compound's ozone depletion potential. We are trying to ascertain how this gas was used in the market,'' said an officer. While investigations are on, police have got 1-day remand for the accused.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17150531", "title": "Haryana: One held for Kaithal schoolgirl's murder, key man missing", "text": "ROHTAK: The Kaithal police arrested one accused in the incident of murder of a schoolgirl in Pidal village of Kaithal on Thursday, though it has failed to establish the motive behind the killing.According to information, the assailants have been identified as Jagdev Singh, who is a cousin of the deceased girl Sikha Kaur, and his friend Sandeep Singh. The police nabbed Sandeep from Cheeka town, while the main accused is still absconding and five police teams have launched a hunt to nab him.The accused had shot dead one girl Shikha, a class eighth student while injuring another girl, Amandeep Kaur suffered bullet injury when the duo attacked them on way to school on Wednesday morning.Kaithal SSP Kuldeep Singh informed that the motive behind the attack on girls was not known so far. \"We have been interrogating the nabbed youth Sandeep who disclosed that Jagdev has asked him to accompany to attack the girls\", he said.He said Jagdev had a iminal history as he had been accused in some cases of attempt to murder, motorcycle theft and planning to commit dacoity earlier also.\"Jagdev had planned to attack the girls two days ago. Sandeep told the cops that after the incident Jagdev boarded a roadways bus and fled to an undisclosed location and he sent the motorcycle used in the crime to Rajasthan\", the SSP said, adding that the police would produce Sandeep in the court on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17150600", "title": "10 lakh sanctioned for Ashoor Khana restoration", "text": "HYDERABAD: Funds for restoration and renovation of the Badeshahi Ashoor Khana have been going back and forth between the Department of Archeology and Museums (DAM) and the government with precious little work being done. It was in early September that Dam was sanctioned Rs 21 lakh for restoring the Shiite place of worship to former glory but only Rs 6 lakh was used and the rest returned. With the month of Muharram round the corner, the Dam has now been sanctioned another Rs 10 lakh for restoration work of the structure.It was during the Conference of Parties in September that the state government had sanctioned Rs 21 lakh for sprucing up the place in view of visits by delegates. Describing the sanctioning of funds as a result of 'urgency', Dam officials said that they had acted on orders from the government and hadn't called tenders due to unavailability of time and awarded contacts only on nomination basis. \"Around Rs 1.29 crore was sanctioned for Paigah Tombs, Saidanima's Tomb and the State Museum a chunk of which has been returned. We were asked to submit bills and return the remainder of the sanctioned amount,\" said a Dam official requesting anonymity. With Muharram scheduled to be observed from November 16, around Rs 10 lakh has been sanctioned for renovation of the Ashoor Khana Khurd, popularly known as the mini-Ashoor khana, where the alam (standard) will be kept. The wooden roof is being restored with teak wood beams. A team of four carpenters and four masons has already started work.\"The roof is being restored to what it was when the Ashoor Khana was built more than 400 years ago. Work will be completed before Muharram,\" said GV Rama Krishna Rao, director, Dam.However, Ashoor khana officials were quick to point out that Icomos team member Chehryar Adil had expressed displeasure at the decaying place of worship and questioned why the structure wasn't renovated. They said that around 2 lakh devotees cutting across faiths and sects visit the Ashoor Khana in the first ten 10 days of Muharram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151347", "title": "Tamil Nadu launches free tests, registry of diseases after \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcmystery fever\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 deaths", "text": "CHENNAI: In an effort to prevent diseases during the monsoon, the government-run King Institute of Preventive Medicine in Guindy will offer tests for 23 viruses free of cost. The facility, to be inaugurated by health minister V S Vijay on Friday, will allow doctors to refer patients with fever to walk into the laboratory for diagnosis, institute director Dr P Gunasekaran said.The decision to launch the facility follows nearly a dozen deaths in the past three months due to \"fever of unknown origin\" that was branded \"mysterious fever\". \"There is nothing called mysterious fever. Sometimes it is difficult for doctors to diagnose diseases with the symptoms presented, particularly if caused by a virus.What we do in such cases is use the blood sample and test for an array of viruses,\" said a health department official. The institute will use standard tests to reduce false positives for some diseases.The results will be forwarded to the patient, doctor, health department and the civic authorities for preventive action. The institute has started a registry, where all hospitals will have to record diagnosis and treatment for specific diseases whose spread can be prevented as a part of passive disease surveillance.The registry will act as geo-information system, which will combine data from agencies such as civic bodies (on mosquito breeding or water pollution), doctors, hospitals and labs (on ailments) and meteorological department (on weather) and map the prevalence and forecast outbreaks. \"It may not be very accurate as there are high chances of under reporting. But this is important for warning of diseases, planning for awareness programmes and monitoring the spread of diseases. It also helps the government prepare for emergencies,\" Dr Gunasekaran said.Based on inputs from the passive programme, the institute will start surveillance along with public health experts. This will include visits to areas where there is incidence, monitoring and interaction with community. As a part of the pilot study, the institute had used specific software and hardware for H1N1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17149249", "title": "Court rejects scientific tests on former NDA commandant", "text": "PUNE: A special court here has rejected the CBI's plea to conduct scientific tests on Lt Gen Jatinder Singh, former commandant of the National Defence Academy, in connection with an alleged recruitment scam. The court has also rejected the pleas to conduct such tests on Colonel Anil Kumar Singh and Havaldar Nar Singh.The agency had arrested eight suspects and seized over Rs 1.85 crore during searches conducted at their offices, residences and other places on June 22.The ministry of defence had transferred Jatinder to New Delhi after the scam in recruitment of class four employees at the NDA had come to light. The CBI had twice interrogated Jatin, but the outcome of the interrogation is not known.The CBI had sought permission to conduct polygraph test and psycho analysis test on Jatinder and Nar Singh. It had also sought permission to conduct polygraph test on Anil, presiding officer of the recruitment board.CBI special public prosecutors Vivek Saxena and Ayub Pathan argued that there were certain facts within the knowledge of the trio.Opposing the plea, defence lawyers Viraj Kakade, Sunita Bansal and S K Jain told the court that the CBI had interrogated their clients but had not found any incriminating evidence against them.The lawyers cited Article 20(3) of the Constitution and submitted that the CBI pleas were not maintainable and their clients could not be compelled to give such tests without their consent. The CBI had recorded their statements under section 161 of the CrPC and subjecting them to scientific tests was not essential, they said.The lawyers argued that the CBI had seized cash and documents from the possession of the suspects and that their clients have co-operated with them whenever they were called for questioning. They cited a Supreme Court ruling that the CBI cannot compel their clients to give consent to conduct scientific tests.The special judge D R Mahajan upheld the defence lawyers' arguments and rejected the CBI's pleas.The court had earlier rejected the CBI's plea to conduct scientific tests on Colonel Kulbir Singh, staff officer to NDA commandant, its establishment officer S S Waghmare, Balkrishna Charanlal Kanojia, Vishnu Prasad Sharma, Dattatreya Eknath Shitkal, Manoj Maruti Shitkal and Ramesh Dilip Gaikwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151428", "title": "Stung Chennai corpporation declares war against dengue", "text": "CHENNAI: After media reports of officials underreporting dengue in the country, the corporation on Thursday announced an action plan for a dengue-free city. It has also been four days since the corporation recorded the first dengue death in the city.According to the plan, health workers, PWD staff and anganwadi workers would work together to eliminate mosquito breeding sources. \"Each division in the corporation's perimeter will have three teams to remove or wash storage containers with bleaching powder, step up fogging and chlorinate places. They will also do house checks,\" said corporation joint commissioner (health) N Maheshwaran.Priority will be given to hospitals, health centres and areas where dengue cases were reported. The corporation has reiterated that owners and caretakers of public buildings will be held responsible for keeping their surroundings free of mosquitoes. The civic body will also request government institutions like the housing board, slum clearance board, PWD, highways and the directorate of schools, primary, higher and technical education to rope in their field-level employees for clearing operations.Zonal officers will meet with administrators of colleges and hostels in their jurisdiction to keep premises free of mosquito breeding sources, and will investigate all fever cases. \"If students develop fever, they should inform zonal officers,\" a corporation press release said. Anganwadi workers are to be oriented to detect symptoms early and keep their premises clean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17150760", "title": "Port trust may 'blacklist' Haldia Bulk Terminals", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) has already started the process of claiming damages from Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd for what officials call 'abandonment' of the contract to handle cargo at berths 2 and 8 of Haldia Dock Complex (HDC). KoPT may also take steps to blacklist the company.The port management has already sent notice, informing the company of its decision to encash the performance guarantee of Rs 4crore. In the days to come, KoPT will take legal steps to seek damages that may go up to Rs 1,000 crore, chairman in charge Manish Jain said on Thursday.According to him, this decision - that was taken at an emergency meeting of the Board of Trustees - won't clash with proceedings in Calcutta High Court. When it reopens after vacation, the high court is likely to hear an application by KoPT, praying that the court set a deadline for HBT to resume work at the two berths. Should it fail to maintain the deadline, KoPT should be allowed to terminate the contract, the application prays.\"We have already taken legal opinion and the decision we took on Thursday won't clash with court proceedings. We have already informed HBT that they have 'abandoned' the agreement.We have also started the process of retendering for handling operations at berths 2 and 8. The notice will be issued on Friday. We will also take steps to blacklist the company.We will initiate steps for arbitration proceedings. Steps are already on to evacuate cargo from berths 2 and 8 that belong to SAIL and Tata.At the Board of Trustees meeting, the three-man committee set up to decide on royalty arrangement with cargo handlers has also been urged to expedite the matter,\" Jain said.With regard to retendering for berths 2 and 8, KoPT hopes that the 'Letter of Intent' will be issued by December. Work by the new agency should start by the first week of March, 2013. Till then, steps are being considered to handle gearless vessels, cargo from which used to be discharged by HBT. Talks are already on with Tata Martrade International Logistics Ltd (TMILL) to carry out mechanized handling at berth 13. TMILL already carries out mechanized handling at berth 12.\"We have already sought a date-wise ship movement plan from importers. On Monday, we will also be holding a trade meet in Kolkata to discuss the situation with trade and industry. The process is already on for mechanization of berth 4B. Friday is the last date for submitting quotations. We believe that Mobile Harbour Cranes should start operating there by the end of January,\" Jain added.KoPT, meanwhile, has also taken steps for perennial use of the Eden Channel that would allow ships with larger parcel loads to call on HDC. Though the Eden or Western Channel was opened in 2011, it couldn't be used during the foul-weather season (between March and September) as pilots didn't agree to board the vessels in inclement weather conditions in the exposed area. \"A sub-committee was set up under Capt Subhas Kumar, former deputy chairman of Chennai Port Trust, to find a solution. The sub-committee decided on Thursday that pilots will now board the ships from Paradip where most ships normally berth before calling on Haldia. This will take place twice a month between March and September. If the pilots are satisfied, the frequency will be increased,\" said Capt A K Bagchi, director (marine), KoPT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149319", "title": "Spurious milk, sub-standard paneer seized", "text": "NAGPUR: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) seems to be on a seizing spree. It has been conducting raids and seizures for the past few days regularly.In a joint raid conducted by FDA officials and the Government Railway Police (GRP) on Tuesday, 2,205 litres of spurious milk and 40kg of substandard paneer were seized from stall owners at Itwari and Nagpur Central railway stations. Police said around 104 cans of milk were seized from Maharashtra Express and Itwari-Gondia passenger train.Following a tip-off, the first raid was conducted at Kalamna railway station in the passenger train that arrived around 9am. Cops seized 73 cans of milk and five empty boxes. Police nabbed one Santosh Sakhare while his aides managed to flee.Another raid was conducted an hour later at Itwari railway station on the Maharashtra Express. Cops seized 31 cans of milk but no one was nabbed. Later in the evening, cops seized substandard paneer from local vendors at the Itwari railway station.On Wednesday, the FDA conducted a raid in the khova market and collected samples from various traders. Eight samples were sent for testing. \"We seized about 115 kg of suspected adulterated material worth Rs 13,200,\" said S B Naragude, assistant commissioner FDA (food).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151461", "title": "Man found dead at Koyambedu market with neck injuries", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of a man, thought to be around 30 years old, was found at the Koyambedu wholesale fruit market on Thursday morning with blade injuries to the neck.Alerted by a few passersby who noticed blood stains on the ground, police rushed there and recovered a blood-stained blade near the body. One of the man's legs had been amputated and he had been using a prosthetic limb, police said. There were injuries to the legs, neck and hands.Police suspect he was from another district. He was seen moving around the market area only two days ago and it is suspected that he may have been a beggar. The Koyambedu police registered a case under CrPC 174 (death under suspicious circumstances) and sent the body to a government hospital for a postmortem. Investigations are on.\"We have circulated the man's picture to all police stations in the city. Only after establishing his identity will we be able to make a breakthrough in the case,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17151072", "title": "Now, Ramesh praises Didi for tackling Naxal problem", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh was all praise for West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday for showing \"political courage\" in transforming Jungle Mahal, a former Naxal hotbed in the state.In comments that came notwithstanding Trinamool Congress' parting of ways with Congress in September, Ramesh also said no one should take away the credit due to Mamata, saying her approach to tackle the Naxal problem was \"right\".The praise by Ramesh came days after he took a jibe at the Trinamool supremo for her \"brain-dead\" comment on the UPA government, prompting the feisty leader to hit back at him for using \"vindictive, unethical and unconstitutional\" language in an official letter addressed to her.\"She may not be our ally now but I must say that she had transformed the scenario in Jungle Mahal. She had shown the political courage required for the changes in the Naxal-affected areas,\" the Union Minister said after meeting West Bengal Rural Development Minister Subrato Mukherjee here.Jungle Mahal area, consisting of West Midnapore, Bankura and Purulia districts, was the worst Naxal-affected zone in West Bengal during CPM rule.\"The kind of political mobilisation that happened in Jungle Mahal during the last two years is worth mentioning and one should not take away the credit due to her\", he said and added Mamata's \"approach is the right approach (for tackling Naxal problem).Mamata-led Trinamool Congress had withdrawn support to UPA over the reforms measures, including FDI in retal, intiated by the Centre.Ramesh said Congress is also organising a rally in Jungle Mahal this month to mobilise public support for the party.He also lauded West Bengal government's role in speedy execution of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act(MNREGA) scheme.Mamata last month took serious umbrage to Ramesh writing to her that the 'brain dead government in Delhi' was sensitive to the needs of people of the state.Ramesh's jibe at the the Chief Minister came after she had compared the UPA to a patient on his death bed. \"It is now brain-dead and on ventilator...,\" she had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149213", "title": "PM Manmohan Singh to pitch reforms at Congress brainstorming session today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will make a strong pitch for his economic reforms programme at the Congress conclave in Surajkund on Friday, rebutting criticism that decisions like FDI in multi-brand retail will hurt India's small traders.The Congress session, expected to introspect on UPA-2's delivery on manifesto promises, will see the PM elaborate on why the reform initiatives were necessary and argue that claims of job losses and mom and pop stores closing down were incorrect.The gathering at Surajkund is fairly select and attention has been heightened as it comes in the midst of growing speculation on Congress leader Rahul Gandhi's increased involvement in party matters. In a bid to drive home a message of austerity and to evade criticism of any extravagance, attendees will be busing it to Surajkund.Sources said the PM's intervention will be a more in-depth elaboration of his Sunday speech at Ramlila Maidan where he called on the people -- and his party -- to embrace change boldly and said those who criticized reforms in the past had been proved wrong.Congress leaders in the government and organization will assess UPA's performance at the brainstorming session amid a challenging political and economic scenario and when the countdown to the 2014 election has already begun.The elevation of Rahul as Congress No.2 is the buzz in Congress after the recent Cabinet reshuffle, with party leaders saying it is expected any time. The backdrop suggests the heir apparent may make a strong intervention in the discussion on politics, economy and manifesto implementation, issues that would dominate the Surajkund agenda. Congress chief Sonia Gandhi will also attend the meet.While economic and political challenges have been in discussion for the last year, manifesto implementation will provide a rare opportunity to organization and government managers to jointly assess the achievements of the government.Major promises like food security, land acquisition bill are part of the \"aam aadmi\" agenda that Congress thinks can help complement its social agenda hyped by RTI, MGNREGA and Right to Education in UPA-1. Food security and land bill are still in the works even though the UPA is seen to have entered its final phase while other welfare schemes are stuck in financial crisis. The intractable issue of Telangana also finds mention in the manifesto.A senior leader said the meeting would help the party apprise the government of its expectations and the latter to inform the organization about its compulsions.Briefing reporters, AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi said the meeting would be attended by 70 leaders -- 35 Cabinet and ministers of state with independent charge, and 35 CWC members.Except for three SPG protectees, the Congress leaders will go to Surajkund in two buses that will leave the party headquarters in the morning. A leader said the mode of common transport was aimed to reduce any negative marks that a stream of cars rushing to the venue could attract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17151026", "title": "SMS hospital to increase number of cottage wards", "text": "JAIPUR: In an effort to provide more facilities for patients, the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital would increase the number of cottage wards in the hospital to cater to the surging demand that shot up after chief minister's free medicine scheme launched in October last year.The patients' footfall in the hospital's OPD has increased from 11 lakh per year to 17 lakh per year after launch of chief minister's free medicine scheme that has forced the hospital administration to draft plans for giving a boost to facilities in the hospital.The cottage wards in the hospital are 70 at present but they would be razed. Also, nursing college in the neighbourhood would also be shifted for constructing 200 cottage wards in the SMS hospital on a public-private partnership. It was seen that daily the hospital administration had to face difficulties to cope up with increased demand and limited cottage wards.SMS hospital superintendent Dr Virendra Singh said, \"The patients' arrival in the hospital has increased significantly. We have planned some changes in the hospital so that patients coming to the hospital will not face any difficulty. Increasing the number of cottage wards is one of them.\"Dr Singh said that they have also planned various proposals for increasing facilities that would be sent to state government for the arrival. Also, a budget finance committee meeting of the hospital is also scheduled in coming days to discuss the proposals.Moreover, the hospital administration is planning to rope in Akshaya Patra to provide food to patients and their attendants. \"A diet will cost Rs17. So patients and their attendants will have an option to buy food from Akshaya Patra.\"Moreover, the hospital has decided to enforce parking laws to prevent parking of vehicles hazardously on the premises of the hospital.The hospital administration is aiming to keep the hospital premises pollution free. Moreover, the hospital has also decided to provide oral medicines to the patients from lifeline fluid stores. Earlier, medicines which could be injected only were available at the lifeline fluid stores in the hospital. There is a list of 2000 oral medicines\u00e2\u20ac\u201d generic and branded \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which would be made available to the patients at reasonable rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17149633", "title": "Assured campus placements lure students to BIT Sindri", "text": "SINDRI: The success of BIT Sindri in ensuring campus placements every year has made it (the only government engineering college in Jharkhand) the first choice of aspirants from the state and also for students of its parent state Bihar.Started in 1949 as Bihar Institute of Technology under the able leadership of its founder-director, D L Deshpandey, the institute has seen many ups and downs. But one thing which has remained constant has been the success story of its students. Students passing out from this institute have carved out a niche for themselves in industries world over and today the institute boasts of its alumni heading more than two dozen public and private sector industries.However, it was after the formation of Jharkhand that the campus placements gained momentum. In 2001, when Prof G Kumar took over as the training and placement officer (TPO), the placement scenario was at its lowest ebb. He incorporated final year students as members of the TPO committee who not only worked hard to revive the connection with the alumni with an eye on involving them for sending companies for campus recruitment but also in selecting companies for conducting campus interviews and making transportation and other arrangement for the stay of interviewers. And despite all odds, which included acute shortage of teachers, the institute has been penning success stories year after year.While in 2001, just 55 students succeeded in getting recruited, the number went up to 105 the next year and to 155 the year after that. Campus placements kept increasing to 258, 405,438,468 and 493 in the following years.The institute created a history of sorts in 2010-11 when 535 students of the institute secured job while still in campus. Last year a total of 463 students were selected by companies for recruitment and in the current session, 105 students have already bagged jobs.Companies like TCS , Infosys , Vedanta, Wipro Infotech, Adani, Tata Telecon, Tata TRF, JUSCO, Hindalco , Bhushan Steel and Power, Essar Steel , Visa Steel , Ispat, Punj Lyod, TVS, L&T; are some of the companies that have been hiring students from the institute on a regular basis.And it was because of this success that the institute has been ranked the 24 best institute of the nation by different magazines.The institute has been ranked number one on \"return on investment\" parameter as it still has the lowest fee where students are paying just around Rs 8,000 per annum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17151100", "title": "CM, Salman to urge for a quiet festival of lightsSanjeev Shivadekar", "text": "MUMBAI: This Diwali you may get a call on your mobile from chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, appealing for a noise- and pollution-free festival. The environment department has also roped in actor Salman Khan to create awareness among the citizen about the ill-effects of firecrackers.\"For three days from Saturday, a pre-recorded audio message from the chief minister will greet residents of the state with a 'Happy Diwali'; it will ask them to celebrate the festival by lighting candles and lamps and diyas, rather than bursting noisy fire crackers,\" environment secretary Valsa Nair-Singh said. Creating awareness through the CM's message is a joint exercise of the state environment department and the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board. \"The message will reach nearly 1 crore mobile users in the state,\" an MPCB official said.\"The loud noise of crackers could cause temporary to permanent hearing loss. To tackle the menace, besides Chavan, environment minister Sanjay Deotale and MoS for environment Sachin Ahir will also campaign for environment-friendly celebrations,\" the official added.To add glamour to the campaign, the state has also asked actors Salman Khan, Arbaaz Khan and a few others to help it in its mission. \"A short film has been made in which the stars will explain the pros and cons of bursting crackers,\" Valsa Nair-Singh said. \"From Sunday, it will be played in 205 theatres for five days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150187", "title": "Team raids Milk market, Beur namkeen unit", "text": "PATNA: Continuing their campaign against adulterated food items including sweets in the run-up to Diwali, the officials of food and consumer protection department on Thursday conducted raids at two places in the city - the Milk market near Patna junction and a namkeen unit at Beur.The officials concerned destroyed hundreds of litres of milk and a large quantity of paneer at the Milk market. The angered the milk men who turned violent during the operation. The local police had to reach the spot to maintain law and order.Asish Kumar Singh, OSD, food and consumer protection department, said, \"The department has full authority to destroy food and drinks which could be injurious to health.\" But the milk sellers turned violent during the operation and started pelting the officials concerned with stones.Singh added, \"The Milk market functions in an unhygienic condition. Many of the sellers mix urea, caustic soda and starch to milk. While starch is added to prevent curdling of milk, salt and detergents are added to milk to 'adjust' the lactometer reading and to provide thickness to milk.\" Mixing of contaminated water also poses health risk, he said.The official said the seized samples would be checked at the laboratory.\"The locally made paneer is more injurious to health as the makers mix arrowroot and starch and then store it at a cold place. It would be better to avoid taking locally made paneer,\" said Singh.The team also raided a snacks factory running without license in the Beur area. \"An FIR was lodged with the Beur police station against the owner of the snacks factory, who is absconding. Four workers of the factory were arrested on the spot,\" Singh said.He said that namkeen manufacturing units use palm oil to fry the products. Palm oil contains saturated fat and Omega 6. Palm oil companies market the oil under the label of vegetable oil.\"The owner of a snacks factory running without license could get six months' imprisonment besides a fine of Rs 5 lakh. If the tested samples prove to be injurious to health, the manufacturer would get life imprisonment,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17150137", "title": "Publishing firm plans to digitise text books", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to make learning more interactive, Macmillan Education on Thursday announced that they will be digitising all their text books. Not only this, students (CBSE, ICSE and UP board) who subscribe to mathematics books published them will be given a unique username and a password from where they can log in to the publishing house website and practice some basic and complicated mathematical questions.\"The exercise is to help students learn better by making use of 'teachnology',\" said Sant Verma, a senior company official. He informed that the students will get 100 hours of practice session to do various mathematics exercises. The software which will enable the students to login is termed as 'better marks'. Besides, the publishing house is also set to launch some books for class I-VIII students studying in CBSE schools. The social sciences book called as 'Footprints' and 'Maths Express' are among new books that will be launched in the next academic session.The announcement was made at a principal's symposium on Thursday. On the occasion, head and dean, department of education, Delhi University Prof Rama Mathew threw light on the role of principals and teachers in enhancing quality teaching and assessment. The symposium talked on two basic points - the changing role of school management in imparting education and use of technology in education. More than 45 schools including CBSE, ICSE and UP board participated in the symposium.On the occasion, Yash Mehta, another company executive announced that Frank Bros, a publishing company will now be a part of their group. \"Together we will better meet the technology needs of the schools to achieve learning outcomes,\" he said. The publishing firm is presently associated with nearly 15,000 schools all across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17148995", "title": "Demand for more funds in Gadchiroli: Patil", "text": "NAGPUR: State home minister and guardian minister of Gadchiroli RR Patil on Thursday said that the government was contemplating sanctioning of funds to the tune of Rs 125 crore for the Naxal-affected district. He said that the local elected representatives of Gadchiroli have sought additional funds for the under-developed district.Patil, following his return to the city from Gadchiroli, undertook a review meeting at the office of the divisional commissioner. Speaking to reporters, Patil said that out of Rs 95 crore sanctioned in the last financial year, 38% of the funds has been already spent.Asked about the latest demand of the Central jail inmates, the state home minister said that he would consider taking up the issue of speedy trial of the Naxal suspects and cadres with the judiciary. The jail inmates had highlighted the issue that several innocent tribals are languishing in prison without facing trial.Patil also said that he had not yet received any report about the fiasco in the Vasantrao Naik slum following which seven police personnel were arrested. The reporters wanted to know if he considered pulling up the senior officials too as the action has been mostly taken against the constables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17153731", "title": "Obama calls dozen world leaders including Indian PM", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama has called more than a dozen key world leaders including the Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to thank them on their congratulatory messages on his re-election and assured them of addressing the serious challenges being faced by the world today.\"Since Tuesday evening, the President has been receiving messages from his counterparts around the world congratulating him on winning re-election to a second term in office. The President appreciates all of these messages and looks forward to continuing to work with all of his fellow leaders to address the serious challenges we face together in the world,\" the White House said in a statement.\"This morning the President was able to return some of these messages personally, by phone. In each call, he thanked his counterpart for their friendship and partnership thus far and expressed his desire to continue close cooperation moving ahead,\" the White House said.Among the world leaders he spoke to over phone were Prime Minister Julia Gillard of Australia, President Dilma Rousseff of Brazil, Prime Minister Stephen Harper of Canada, President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia, President Mohammed Morsi of Egypt, President Francois Hollande of France, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, Nato secretary-general Anders Fogh Rasmussen , King Abdullah bin Abd al-Aziz of Saudi Arabia, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey and Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom.The White House released the names of the world leaders in the alphabetical order of their countries. However it did not mention to whom Obama made the first telephone call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17151856", "title": "Father moves HC to get son released", "text": "MADURAI: A 60-year-old man has filed a habeas corpus petition in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court to see his 27-year-old son, who was taken into custody by police for interrogation.According to the petitioner, C Arasan of Chinna Anuppanadi, his son A Ramar went to Nilakottai on November 3 to see his friends, but did not return home. He saw a report the next day that the youth was arrested by the Avaniyapuram police in connection with a crime. The police said Ramar was held in connection with a criminal case. Police also told him he would be produced before a judicial magistrate after inquiry. But even after three days, the youth was not produced before the court and the father was denied permission to see his son.Despite a letter sent to the district SP in this regard, the boy was not released, the petitioner contended. The division bench comprising justices M Jayachandran and S Nagamuthu on Thursday has ordered notices to the police and posted the matter for November 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149741", "title": "Govt adds light to Diwali revelry", "text": "MUMBAI: There will be no load-shedding anywhere in the state during Diwali. The government's decision will be in force from Nov 12 to 15.Energy minister Rajesh Tope said the decision will also be applicable for areas with high distribution and transmission losses. As part of load-shedding management, the state-owned power distribution company, Mahavitran, had divided its 132 circles or administrative units into six categories-A to F, depending on the extent of distribution and transmission losses. The ones in the E and F category, which include areas with higher distribution and transmission losses, face 2 to 4-hour power outages, whereas the other categories have already been rendered load-shedding free.Earlier, during the nine-day Navratri in October, the state government had imposed no night-time load shedding across the state.The moves, said state officials, highlighted the overall improvement in Maharashtra's financial health.The state government has set a December 2012 deadline to be load-shedding free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17150416", "title": "Death of dalit woman: Ethics committee at MGMC asked to take action", "text": "INDORE: National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) has directed the chairman of ethics committee, Mahatma Gandhi Medical College (MGMC) to take appropriate action in the case of the death of a dalit woman and submit its compliance report within a fortnight. A case was filed by the deceased's son in this regard about three months back.The director of NCST, D Hanumantrai has shot off a letter dated October 31 to Dr KD Bhargava, chairman of ethics committee to look into the complaint of Anil Saude, a city resident who had lodged complaint with the commission via Clinical Trial Victims Association (CTVA) against the unethical trials conducted by doctors of MGMC on her mother Chandrakala Bai who eventually died on June 22, 2009. She was admitted to the Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH) in September 2008 in medicine department.\"I did not know that doctors had conducted clinical trial on my mother. I got to know about it when the question was raised in state assembly in March 2012 and it was revealed that my mother died due to clinical trials,\" said the complaint letter to the commission.Saude complained that drug test had severe side-effects and after the recommendations of data safety and monitoring board the trial of drug on Aug 3, 2009, the pharma company too stopped its trial on August 18, 2009.Meanwhile, the state wing of Scheduled Caste and Tribe Officer and Employees Association has written to the chief minister of Madhya Pradesh, NCST, DCGI, Union ministry of health stating that the 27-member ethical committee of MGMC does not even have a single SC/ST member, who could ensure a fair probe into the matter.Shyamlal Doharia, district president of the state wing said, \"Nearly 70 per cent of patients on whom trials were conducted belong to minority group. The ethical committee does not have even a single SC/ST member representation. In such a case, chances are high that the probe will be biased. We have asked the authorities to appoint at least one SC/ST member in ethics committee.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149005", "title": "If detected early, cervical cancer can be cured: Experts", "text": "NAGPUR: Several of the most-dreaded diseases are often the ones that could have been prevented. Cervical cancer, which is the third common type of cancer in India, is a case in point.Several organizations including Nagpur Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society (NOGS), 'Sanjeevani - Life beyond Cancer, Shree Ayurveda College, Lion's Club of Nagpur, Snehanchal Palliative Care Centre came together at RST Regional Cancer Hospital recently to educate women about prevention from cervical cancer. The hospital celebrated the first week of November as Cancer Awareness Week. Various events, including an exhibition about cancer awareness, an awareness programme on breast cancer and a CME on oral cancer were organized. On the last day, an awareness programme on cervical cancer was held at the hospital, followed by Pap smear test camp.President of NOGS Dr Ankita Kothe informed that a woman dies of this kind of cancer in every third minute in India. However, it can be treated completely if detected at an early stage, said NOGS secretary Dr Vaidehi Marathe.Oncologist Dr Sarita Kothari told women that after crossing the age of 35, they should get the Pap smear test done every couple of years. \"This is especially important for women who feel discomfort or pain in stomach, have a disturbed menstrual cycle, white discharge,\" she said.Director of the hospital Dr Santanu Chaudhuri said this test does not involve any complicated devices, but only a simple smear is taken from the cervix. \"If cancer is detected, then an advanced device called colposcope can be used to determine the extent of the disease before planning further treatment,\" he said.\"If detected early, a minor surgery called vaginal hysterectomy can be done followed by radiotherapy, and in a few cases by chemotherapy. The surgery isn't time consuming and does not entail sutures,\" said joint director of the hospital Dr BK Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17150176", "title": "Food department collects samples, destroys spurious edibles", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Samples were collected and stocks of spurious edibles destroyed during raids carried out at various locations in the city by three separate teams of the department of food safety and drug administration and some rural segments of the districts, on Thursday. While two teams raided markets of Koran and Phulpur areas, the main team raided different shops and malls in the city.The team led by ACM-II Nagendra Singh and chief food safety officer Hari Mohan Srivastava raided a restaurant in a mall in Civil Lines and collected samples of food items like samosa, namkeen and sandwich.\"We have collected a sample of sandwich from one of the cinema halls in the mall wherein the date of packaging was written by pen and not printed\", said Srivastava. The team also raided Guru Nanak Cold storage of Civil Lines and found about 50 kilogram pomegranates not fit for consumption and the team destroyed the entire lot. Apart from these locations, the team also inspected items at two eminent sweet shops of the Civil Lines market.Srivastava said the team sent to Phulpur destroyed about 50 kg of khoya at Babuganj market. Likewise, sample of kalakand (a sweet prepared with khoya) was collected from a shop in Sahason, informed the officer. Besides, 5 kg of spices were destroyed in the same market, he added. But the team found markets of Koroan and Phulpur (main) closed and hence no raided could be conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17151590", "title": "Support flows in for arrested TV reporter", "text": "MANGALORE: Members of various likeminded organizations and political parties held a protest condemning the arrest of Naveen Soorinje, reporter of a Kannada TV channel and Sharan, cameraman of a TV channel, in connection with the homestay attack case in front of the deputy commissioner's office here on Thursday.DYFI Dakshina Kannada district president Muneer Katipalla said the arrest of Naveen is part of revenge tactics against him. \"Naveen is a reporter with social concern and has exposed several wrong doings of bureaucrats and politicians and thus earned their ire. The government should file a special petition in the court and relieve him from all charges,\" he added.Dakshina Kannada District Working Journalists Association members held a protest in front of the city police commissioner's office condemning the arrest of both Naveen and Sharan.President of the association PB Harish Rai said that the police department has failed to take journalists into confidence in homestay attack case. \"Former city police commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh had assured that a joint committee involving police officers and senior journalists will be formed to look into the case. However, police have filed a chargesheet against Naveen without forming a joint committee as promised,\" Rai said and added that a reinvestigation should be conducted to charges levelled against Naveen and Sharan.Visual Media Journalists Association also held a protest in front of the city police commissioner's office. Association president Tharanath Kapikad demanded special police protection to Naveen, who has been lodged in Mangalore jail.Former Union minister B Janardhana Poojary condemned the arrest and said police was playing the role of an agent of the BJP government.\"It is an attempt to tamper evidence against those accused in the homestay attack. Naveen is one of the major witnesses of the incident. Hence, booking a case against him will help the real accused to come out clean due to lack of witnesses,\" Poojary told reporters.Condemning t he arrest of Naveen, JD(S) district president MB Sadashiva said that it is an assault on individual freedom and on the fourth pillar of democracy. \"Booking a case against a journalist for doing his duty is unconstitutional. Fascist powers with the help of police have worked behind the incident. Action should be taken against those police officials, who connived to book the case against Naveen. The entire administrative system has been toppled after BJP came to power in the state,\" he alleged.JD(S) state secretary MG Hegde said that the party will hold a protest if Naveen is not freed from all charges. \"A witness has been made accused in the case. There is no compulsion for a journalist to inform police when he is on duty to cover a violent incident,\" he added.\"Mangalore jail, which witnessed several group clashes, is not a safe place for Naveen. There are possibilities of Naveen being attacked inside the jail. Hence, special police protection should be given to him inside the jail,\" he demanded adding that he should be released immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17149987", "title": "DGP reviews policing in Magadh range", "text": "GAYA: DGP Abhayanand on Thursday reviewed policing in the Magadh range at the office of the Magadh Range DIG Naiyyer Hasnain Khan. Senior police officials including Magadh Range DIG NH Khan and Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar participated at the meeting that discussed different aspects of policing and justice delivery system through fast investigation, quality chargesheet, speedy trial, vigil on the activities of the criminals released on bail and steps for bail cancellation of hardened criminals likely to misuse bail.The high level review assumes importance in view of recent developments including law and order problem due to alleged negligence in the investigation of the Aurangabad mukhiya murder case and complaints about the delay in case registration in a gang-rape incident under Paraiya police station area in Gaya district. Both these incidents led to violence, attack on Aurangabad collectorate and destruction of public property. The revelations made by an arrested Indian Mujahedeen (IM) member in New Delhi regarding the plot to blow up the world famous Mahabodhi and Vishnupad temples has also given some very anxious moments to the police.Moreover, the role of a DSP earlier posted in the district in allegedly implicating the opponents of a heavyweight politician of Gaya district and registration of freak FIRs on apparently concocted charges, has caused embarrassment to senior police officials and sources say a strategy to insulate junior police officers from political and other extraneous influence is being mooted.The Magadh police, in the recent past, had also been grappling with the menace of false complaints and case registration to implicate rivals and enemies. The false complaints and prank calls made to senior police officials, according to police sources, have added to the woes of an overworked and understaffed police force.Though the proceedings of the review meeting have not been made public, sources say the issue of scientific investigation and proper use of forensic facilities was seriously discussed at the meet. A few years back, the thenSC Judge Justice M B Shah had come down heavily on the Magadh police for its apparently casual and non-scientific investigation techniques.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17151865", "title": "Heritage hotel on Royal Calcutta Turf Club campus", "text": "KOLKATA: To most of us,this patch land on Russel Street will appear as a forsaken plot overgrown with weeds. But old timers say they had seen tickets for the famous Kolkata races being sold from here. Still now, one cannot miss the crown and other insignia of the Royal Calcutta Turf Club (RCTC) on multiple entrances to the campus of the hallowed 164-year old club. Soon, this grand old building will become one of the most sought after destinations in the city.The grand RCTC clubhouse is not only getting restored, a heritage hotel is also being set up on its campus. However, three other heritage hotels\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe one at the Old Minton Strand Road, another at Basu Bati near Bagbazar and the one at Sir Rajen Mukherjee's house\u00e2\u20ac\u201d are yet to see lightof day.As you enter through the gates of the Russel Street premises, you are bound to stare at what you see. A grand two-storied pure colonial structure faces you in all its dilapidated grandeur.There are bamboo scaffoldings all around this huge building that served as the club house of RCTC since January 1920. Long after RCTC came into being in 1847, the need for a separate premise was felt, where members and their guests could be entertained. The Maidan campus of RCTC was not considered fit for socialising because it was primarily meant for racing and horse-keeping.According to the records available with the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach ),the land on Russel Street initially belonged to a wealthy Armenian businessman, AA Apcar. After his death, it was bought by another famous Armenian businessman,JC Galstaun,who was also a steward of RCTC then. He sold it to the club in 1920 for Rs 1.75 lakh. The two-storied building inside the premises was converted into the club house. Gradually, the club house sank into oblivion and even tickets stopped being sold from here. The premise was taken over by weeds.Allthiswhile,RCTC kept reviewing the idea of restoring the premise. However, this would require a lot of money and perhaps that kept postponing the project. Recently, however, the club was able to achieve a breakthrough. Real estate major Emaar-MGF entered into an agreement with RCTC to restore the heritage building and construct a 19-storey hotel behind it.Intach has already taken stock of the extent of damage and started restoring the clubhouse. \"The roof is heavily damaged and needs to be strengthened. It is a lime-and-mortar building and has been attacked by advancing damp from below. We have peeled off these portions,\" explained GM Kapur, state convenor of Intach.The conservation architects at the site claim that the grand staircase connecting the ground and first floors is perhaps of biggest proportions in any heritage building in the city. Nothing remains of the erstwhile ballrooms with wooden floors, bars and libraries at present, but you marvel at their proportions, design, ventilation and architectural grandeur.\"It would be a heritage hotel project. While the hotel building behind the club house is where people will come and stay,they will enter through the restored heritage building. This will give them a feel of the past,\"said Soumitro De,the spokesperson of Emaar-MGF.Historian Barun Dewashappy.\"I am happy that Intach has been assigned the restoration job because they are experts in conservation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150061", "title": "Doctor gets back hacked money", "text": "PATNA: Former head of the department of plastic surgery, Patna Medical College and Hospital ( PMCH), Dr Sushil Kumar Verma, whose bank account was hacked and a sum of about Rs 3.52 lakh fraudulently transferred to the election fund account of the US presidential candidate Mitt Romney by cyber thieves on October 10, heaved a sigh of relief on Wednesday as the private bank concerned credited the sum into his account.The cyber cell of the economic offences wing (EOW) of police had earlier served notice to the private bank where Dr Verma had his account. An FIR was lodged in this regard with the S K Puri police station on October 16.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"The investigating team of the cyber cell served notice to the private bank a couple of days back, confirming that the doctor's money had been hacked, hence the bank would have to return the exact amount into the doctor's account.\"Although the amount was transferred on October 10, Dr Verma came to know about the cyberfraud just a couple of days back. \"I was speechless when I was informed by bank officials that a heavy amount had been withdrawn from my account by some cybercriminals and deposited into Mitt Romney's election fund,\" Verma said.Sunil Kumar, DIG, Patna central range, said, \"Patna police are trying to strengthen the existing cyber cell.\"Of late, cybercrime has increased in the city and we need more technically qualified officials to handle such cases.\"He added, \"Around 20 policemen are under cyber-related training programmes for the last three months and the cyber cell would start functioning as soon as they join. Till then, we will take help from the cyber cell of the EOW.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17150059", "title": "3 Peace Party MLAs choose to ignore chief's protest call", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three Peace Party MLAs refused to be part of the agitation called by its president Mohammad Ayub against the policies of the Samajwadi Party government on Thursday, giving credence to the speculations that the three were hobnobbing with the ruling outfit.The party had planned a protest to 'expose' SP government's ill-governance, deteriorating law and order situation in the state and lack of credibility amongst Muslims. However, MLAs from Rae Bareli, Domariyaganj and Kanth - Akhilesh Singh, Kamal Yusuf and Aneesur Rehman Shafi respectively - did not turn up at the protest citing various reasons.Both Akhilesh and Kamal Yusuf claimed of being part of Peace Party, but \"not being active within the party ranks.\" Meanwhile, Shafi said that he was not \"keeping well these days\". This left only Ayub, the lone MLA, to lead the protest, which had miniscule presence of party workers.\"The agitation was planned well in advance. I am surprised why they did not come to Lucknow,\" Ayub said. Akhilesh said that he couldn't be part of the protest by a party, which was itself involved in communal tensions in Faizabad. Singh insisted that he was not in talks with Samajwadi Party, but termed Mulayam an 'adarsh purush' (ideal person).Party insiders said that Akhilesh, Yusuf and Shafi had been planning to leave the party for the past six months.While Akhilesh and Yusuf are convinced of their decisions, Shafi has not been much forthcoming. Sources said that he has been wary of switching over because that would send a wrong signal among his electorate which voted for him.Shafi had been contesting assembly election since 2002 on different party tickets but never won. In fact, in 2002 he contested on SP ticket but was defeated by BSP's Rizwan Ahmad Khan by a margin of nearly 35,000 votes, and secured fifth spot. In 2007, he contested from little known Rashtriya Parivartan Dal (RPD) but came fourth. However, in 2012, he won from the same seat on the Peace Party's ticket defeating the two-time MLA Rizwan Ahmad Khan.Speaking to TOI, Shafi said that speculations about him leaving the party were 'wild' ones. \"Even I came to know from others that I was leaving the party,\" he said, while speaking to TOI on phone from Moradabad. \"Recently Dr Ayub visited my house and we discussed various party-related issues,\" he said.Shafi's stance, sources said, has compelled the other two MLAs to remain with the Peace Party, else they face the prospects of having their membership terminated under the anti-defection law.According to the law, at least two-thirds members of the party are required for defection. Peace Party has all four MLAs. So obviously, Akhilesh Singh and Kamal Yusuf cannot switch sides without Shafi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata/birbhum", "code": "17150367", "title": "Police report contradicts Mamata Banerjee's claim on Birbhum violence", "text": "KOLKATA/BIRBHUM: A preliminary police report on the violence that broke out in Birbhum's Loba village in West Bengal on Tuesday demolishes chief minister Mamata Banerjee's claim that the operation was planned by the district police on its own and the government was not aware of it.Taking cue from the police report, a section of Birbhum police also alleged that it was industries minister Partha Chatterjee, who had insisted that the police recover Bengal-Emta's earthmover lying idle in the village. Some of the police officers claimed Chatterjee had called up now-shunted SP Hrishikesh Meena on October 24 and asked him to expedite the recovery. Later, Trinamool minister from the district Chandranath Sinha and party Birbhum president Anubrata Mandal kept up the pressure. Loba villagers alleged Mandal had accompanied the police force to the village at the break of dawn on Tuesday. Mandal, however, said he was in Kolkata at the time.Chatterjee, too, denied the charge after a detailed discussion with the CM on Thursday. \"I did not give any direction, neither did anyone from my department or the government give any direction. Investing officers can check my call records. The investigation is on. Everything will be exposed. I reiterate that the CPM has a hand in the violence. I can provide evidence to substantiate the claim. Dubrajpur villagers will meet me tomorrow,\" he said. He added that Maoists could also have had a role in the incident.Sensing the political repercussions of the case, the chief minister has decided to meet a delegation of Loba villagers on Friday.The blame game apart, IG (western range) Gangeswar Singh, in his preliminary report to ADG (law &amp; order) Surajit Kar Purakayastha, has put on record the procedures that the district police followed before they went ahead with the final operation. The procedural communication and district intelligence report that was sought for days before the operation leaves beyond doubt that officials in the state administration were kept posted from time to time. A section of the Birbhum police also claimed that the accused SP had sent text messages to the police top brass, including director general of police Naparajit Mukherjee, on the day of the incident at 6.22 am. The fact that senior police officers had planned for a worst-case scenario is evident from their sending an executive magistrate with the police force to the spot, a step that is mandatory for taking action including firing.Even the political bosses were aware of the ground realities. Chatterjee had a first-hand experience of the tension building up in Loba when he visited the village in July. Later, he met representatives of Loba villagers and PDS secretary Samir Putatunda in the Assembly where the agitators promised to allow Bengal-Emta to take away the machinery if the government helped in sorting out the impasse. In September, villager Felaram Mandal wrote to the CM urging her intervention in the matter. It didn't catch the CM's attention.A Left Front delegation led by CPM's Anisur Rahman visited Loba on Thursday, but were cold-shouldered by the villagers. \"The problem started during the Left Front rule. Since then we have knocked on the doors of all political parties \u00e2\u20ac\u201d CPM, Congress and Trinamool Congress. All of them assured us that they would take up the cause but didn't do anything,\" the agitators said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17150462", "title": "HC gives AICTE 10 days to decide upon college's approval", "text": "INDORE: A two-judge bench of Madhya Pradesh high court has given 10 days time to All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) to take its final decision on the approval of recently introduced MBA curriculum at the prestigious SGSITS engineering college so that students do not suffer any loss.The bench was hearing the case filed by the students who took Madhya Pradesh Management Entrance Test (MPMET) and were given admission to the MBA course in the institution and later came to know that AICTE did not give its approval to the course at SGSITS. The bench while hearing the case asked the AICTE to take up the matter on urgent basis and to give approval in the next 10 days if it decides to do so.Though the court in the previous hearing had asked the AICTE to furnish necessary documents to prove it, it did not give approval to the course at SGSITS. While the Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) produced a document as an evidence of AICTE approval to the course in college, AICTE accepted its mistake and decided to take up the matter on urgent basis in its executive body meeting and give its final decision.Earlier, the officials of DTE have alleged that AICTE has given approval to it for 60 seats on behalf of which admission was given to the students. However, later AICTE disproved the course which has invited all the problems. Defence advocate Vivek Patwa, requested the court to direct the authorities to solve the problems due to which students have suffered losses. \"We are hopeful for a decision in favour of students. If AICTE does not give approval to the course, we will request the court to allot the seats to students in institutes of similar ranks so as to save their academic year those who have left other colleges to get admission into SGSITS engineering college.A total of 45 students have filled their choice as SGSITS for studying management course, out of which six-seven have surrendered the seats while others are fighting in the court. Meanwhile, the next hearing of the case is scheduled on November 26 where the officials of AICTE will submit their statement, though it has to submit its reply in next 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17150538", "title": "Shock showcause over doctors' tiff", "text": "KOLKATA: After being shunted out of SSKM's state-art neonatology wing, former head of the department Arun Singh has got another shock. This time, the West Bengal Medical Council (WBMC) has served a notice on him over a complaint of 'misbehaviour' lodged by council president Tridib Banerjee.A large section of the medical fraternity is shocked. They feel that a small tiff on a personal level has been dragged a little too far.The letter, signed by WBMC registrar D K Ghosh, is dated November 6 (TOI has a copy of it). The council sent the notice after Banerjee complained that Singh had misbehaved with him and made derogatory remarks against him at a workshop at SSKM on October 5. Singh was shunted to Sagar Dutta Hospital three days after the workshop.Singh has been asked to deny or defend the charges. He has to reply in writing within 21 days and has been summoned to appear before the council on November 27.\"I am shocked at the allegation brought against me. Dr Banerjee enquired about my mother's health during the workshop to which I replied that I did not want wish to discuss any personal issues at an official forum. If that accounts to misbehaviour and derogatory remarks what can I say?\" asked Singh.The workshop on non-invasive ventilation was attended by several faculty members and had AIIMS neonatology professor Ashok Deorari as one of the speakers. Dr Banerjee also turned up for the event.Banerjee insists that Singh had misbehaved with him \"in the presence of dignitaries including the director of medical education\". \"The misbehaviour happened in full public view and without any provocation when I asked him about his mother's health. I had lodged a complaint with the DME,\" said Banerjee. The complaint was forwarded to the council, which served a show cause notice on Singh.\"The medical community is shocked with the attitude of the WBMC president. First of all, if a paediatrician had attended the workshop, he/she should restrict their role to that of a specialist. What is more ridiculous is that the WBMC already finds the accused guilty without hearing him even once,\" said Dr Rezaul Karim of the Health Service Association.\"I know Dr Tridib Banerjee personally. He is an excellent paediatrician and a thorough professional. If there was an argument or disagreement with Dr Singh, he should have resolved it with him then and there. It pains me to hear that he has dragged the matter this far,\" said Dr Samar Banerjee, senior radiologist.WBMC registrar Ghosh said that if Singh is found guilty, punitive action for the \"infamous conduct\" could be taken against him.\"The council has the power to warn the doctor, censure his activities or delete his name from the medical register of the council for a particular period of time or for life. He cannot practice during the period his name is deleted from the register,\" said Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17149824", "title": "Bryan brothers down Qureshi-Rojer", "text": "LONDON: The world no.1 pairing of Bob and Mike Bryan of the United States got back to winning ways, beating Pakistan's Aisam-Ul-Haq Qureshi and Dutchman Jean Julien Rojer 7-5, 6-4 in 1 hour and 15 minutes of a Group A clash of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals at The O2 Arena on Thursday.The Bryan twins, who lost their opening match to the Spaniards Marc Lopez and Marcel Granollers on Monday, have a one-one win-loss record in the competition so far.They play the in-form team of Leander Paes of India and Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic in their last league encounter on Saturday.The Bryans, winner of the three season-ending championships crowns, will need to beat the world no. 3 pairing to make the last four.Meanwhile Qureshi and Rojer, making their team debut in the tournament, are yet to record a win.They will play Spaniards Lopez and Granollers in their last league engagement on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17149662", "title": "Arun Kumaris new ADG, law &amp; order", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government on Thursday posted senior IPS officer Arun Kumar as the new additional director general (law &amp; order and crime). He has also been given the charge of the special task force (STF) and anti-terrorism squad (ATS). He has swapped places with Jag Mohan Yadav who will now take over as ADG Technical. Yadav was divested of law and order department after clashes in Faizabad.Arun Kumar has earlier been associated with the STF during the course of his service in the state. During his stint with the CBI, he supervised probes into the Karim Telgi case, Nithari serial killings and was also associated with the probe into the Arushi-Hemraj murder case at one point of time.Apart from Arun Kumar and Jag Mohan Yadav, government also posted Jawahar Lal Tripathi as ADG (Personnel).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17151524", "title": "Students turn good samaritans", "text": "HUBLI: BBA students of a local college in the city are now shouldering responsibility to help poor and downtrodden people by forming \"Wings to Mind\" forum.Around 40 like-minded students who are studying in KLE Society's College of Business Administration ( KLE CBA) are collecting donations from citizens, schools and colleges and also contributing their mite. They will spend their time for this service after their classes. Principal of the college will monitor the activities and two lecturers will work as coordinators.After forming a forum few months ago, they did a survey of orphanages and did a reality check on how to alleviate the condition of inmates. They found that most of the inmates in some orphanages had no beds or blankets. To chip in money to help inmates, they started collecting donation by knocking at doors with a donation box. Their efforts paid off as they managed to raise fund of Rs 1.05 lakh which included forum members' contribution too and utilized this amount to distribute beds, blankets and other materials to two orphanages in the city. Now they are taking responsibility to market the products of poor village women who make bamboo baskets and other articles for a living.\"We have planned to organize talent hunt show for slum children to showcase their talent in the days to come,\" Prof. Siddalingesh Totiger, forum, coordinator told TOI. Shrinivas Prasad Kailash, BBA II year, who is a member of the forum lamented that more affluent people were not coming forward to help poor. \"So we stepped in to help poor through our forum. Initially, we contributed,\" said Kailash.Lazar Wilson, convener of Sushanti orphanage, Gokul, said: \"Our orphanage is neither funded by government nor NGOs. We have nearly 15 inmates. With help of forum members, we got water heater, bed sheets, towels, pillows, sweaters, water filter and trunks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17150046", "title": "Lady cops to tackle harassment of in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam Police will introduce its special woman force, Virangana, from Friday to tackle the growing trend of eve-teasing in the city. The Virangana force will initially launch its operation in the city and gradually spread its tentacles in other places of the state.\"We have trained 100 women constables in the martial arts, arms drill, and silent drill to make them tough. We are going to launch this force at a function on Friday. The 100 women constables are from various battalions of the state police and were specially trained in Tamil Nadu,\" said Assam Police DGP JN Choudhury.During the launching ceremony, the Viranganas are going to display the various tactics they were taught.The concept of a special women's force emerged from the greatest women warriors, who sacrificed their lives to protect the society. The Virangana ideal commends physical training and active deployment of the body in combat.\"We have many Viranganas in our history. From Kanaklata and Mula Gabhoru of Assam to 'Jhansi Ki Raani' - Laxmi bai, many women leaders and warriors rose to fight for the greater interest of the society,\" said a senior officer of Assam Police.The Virangana force is likely to have a different uniform with a sword. \"We can beat anyone. We are trained to restrain any kind of assault towards women. We hope this force can add a landmark in maintaining law and order in the city. We want all women to cooperate with us in protecting their modesty,\" said Bimala, a cadre of the force, who is trained in martial art.\"The strength and efficacy of the Viranganas are in many respects similar to those of the warring goddess Durga or Kali, her defeat of threatening enemies corresponding to the goddess' punishment of evil demons. The Viranganas, thus, conjoin physical prowess and moral strength in a startling counter paradigm of Indian womanhood,\" added another Virangana cadre.The need of a specially trained women force in the city came to fore after the infamous GS Road molestation incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17150324", "title": "CMD NTPC visits Singrauli thermal power station", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Chairman and managing director National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) Limited Arup Roy Choudhury visited Singrauli super thermal power station recently. Accompanied by director (project) BP Singh, director (Human Resource) SP Singh, director (Operation) NN Mishra and other high officials of the company, the CMD inspected various facilities of the plant and interacted with the employees.On arrival at Shaktinagar, the CMD was received by Regional Executive Director (N) Sharad Anand along with GM (S) JN Singh, Alok Srivastava, GM (Operation &amp; Maintenance) and other officials. After being given the guard of honour by CISF, Choudhury and other Directors visited the Sewa Bhawan park of the station where they attended open forum and interacted with employees of the station.An Open Forum of Sh Arup Roy Choudhury, Chairman and Managing Director, NTPC Limited with the employees of Singrauli Super Thermal Power Station was organised at Sewa Bhawan Park of the Station. On this occasion Sh BP Singh, Director (Project), Sh SP Singh, Director (Human Resource), Sh NN Mishra, Director (Operation), Sh AK Jha, Director (Tech), Sh Sharad Anand, Regional Executive Director (N) and Sh JNSingh, General Manager of the station were present on the dias.On this occasion, the CMD and all directors were honoured by presented with the shawl. The representative of associations and unions also welcome to the dignitaries On the occasion a film on NTPC activities had shown in the programme. Before his departure, the CMD also planted sapling at Sewa Bhawan park.Meanwhile, on the second stage of the session the employees of the Station interacted with the dignatories. On this occasion, CMD, NTPC, Sh Arup Roy Choudhury addressed the employees and congratulated them for their achievements. At the end of the programme, Sh JN Singh, GM (Singrauli) gave the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jodhpur/ jaipur", "code": "17151155", "title": "Huff over the puff, Naomi's party 'rocked' Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR/ JAIPUR: Several celebrity guests participating in the birthday bash of Vladimir Doronin, Russian boyfriend of Naomi Campbell here, ran into legal trouble when they were found flouting traffic and anti-smoking laws on Thursday.Police sources said a dozen vehicles were challaned for flouting traffic rules while some guests of the supermodel were fined for smoking in public places. Sources said that these guests had been found smoking at Jodhpur airport.The police and administration, which did not notice any flouting of norms for the past three days, could not turn a blind eye after local residents made repeated complaints. The guests were leaving after the three-day long celebrations when they landed in trouble.A senior district administration officer said that most of the guests were leaving Jodhpur together.\"Smoking at the airport is prohibited, however, a couple of guests were found smoking by a team of district administration. A cash fine of Rs 200 was imposed on each of them. They were fined under Sections of the Rajasthan Prevention of Smoking Act,\" said an officer.DCP, traffic Rahul Prakash said that the police had received complaints regarding some vehicles which were transporting the guests to the airport and had black films on the window panes. \"It is a clear flouting of traffic rules following which we fined over a dozen vehicles,\" said the officer.The organisers also attracted the ire of local residents when loud and deafening crackers were bursted on Wednesday night after the cake cutting ceremony at Umaid Bhawan Palace irritated them. Residents alleged the loud noise was going on well past midnight and it stopped only after they approached the police. Residents said that team of police and district administration arrived at the spot after midnight and stopped the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17149673", "title": "Cops book circle officer's attackers under CLA Act", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police have slapped charges under the 7 Criminal Law Amendment (CLA) Act and other sections of the Indian Penal Code on two persons accused of assaulting a circle officer attached with chief minister's security on Wednesday, while the students who had bashed up a police constable in South City area near Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences have been sent to jail on attempt to murder charges among others.Two youngsters Rahul Sharma and Sajal Sengupta, employed with a construction firm, allegedly charged at CO Harendra Singh, close to SSP office on Wednesday evening. The two have been sent to jail on remand under IPC sections 353 and 323 (using criminal force to deter public servant from discharging duties), 147 and 149 (rioting), and 504 and 506 (breach of peace and criminal intimidation). Moreover, Hazratganj police have also pressed 7 Criminal Law Amendment Act, a grave charge, which has the potential of ruining the professional aspirations of the two young men. The altercation happened due to parking related tiff between the CO and young men.Meanwhile, two students who had bashed up a constable inside the police outpost at South City, near Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences on Tuesday, have been also sent to jail. The police in this case pressed IPC section 307 (attempt to murder), apart from booking the duo under sections 353 and 332 of the IPC.In the said incident, constable Rajiv Nigam along with his colleagues had brought a drunken youth named Sachin to the outpost on grounds of creating nuisance publicly in front of a beer shop. Sachin's brother Vipin reached the outpost when he heard about his brother's detention. The two were confronted by Nigam, when they tried to escape from the outpost without his permission.The two thrashed Nigam till help came in to rescue him. The two were then overpowered by other constables, who had returned to the outpost after learning about the brazen act of the youngsters.The brothers stay in Utratia and their father works as a personal assistant to a senior Railway official. Vipin the younger of the siblings who had gone to help his brother, studies in class 10th, while his elder brother is BA first year student. \"The career of the two is at stake now,\" said a police official working on the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149369", "title": "Six youths fined Rs 10k each for smoking ganja", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-narcotics cell (ANC) of Mumbai police on Thursday arrested five students and a college dropout for smoking ganja outside their college campuses. Three of the students are from a college in south Mumbai while two are from a college in Sion. All were booked under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act for consumption of drugs.The youths, aged between 19 and 22, were produced before the Esplanade court, which fined them Rs 10,000 each and let them off with a warning. The magistrate also called their parents to court.R Kavlekar of ANC's Azad Maidan unit said, \"Sources told us that a few students were openly smoking ganja inside and outside college campuses.\"Sources said the ANC's drive will continue. The police have formed several anti-drug squads. Police personnel in plainclothes have been secretly keeping a watch on college campuses. The move has resulted in five college students being fined for consumption of drugs in the last two weeks alone. The crackdown has also led cops to arrest around 50 persons, mostly Nigerian nationals, who were caught red-handed with drugs around various educational institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149434", "title": "Trans-Harbour link hits Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust jurdle", "text": "MUMBAI: The proposed 22-km-long Mumbai Trans-Harbour Link (MTHL) between Sewri and Nhava has hit a fresh hurdle.The Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT) has recently wrote to the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) stating that they plan to construct a new terminalbuilding in Nhava close to the bridge's 'landfall point' and hence the link's height should now be increased to 60 m.\"It is impossible to build the sea link, for which the competition bid to select a developer is under way, at such a height,\" said MMRDA chief Rahul Asthana. \"The plan has already been approved by the Centre and state government,\" he added. The Rs 9,600-crore project recently got its environmental clearance renewed and secured an additional 20% funding from the Centre. These recent developments have come up as a major boost to the project which will bring mainland - Raigad and Navi Mumbai - close to South Mumbai.According to another official, it was impossible financially too and that the JNPT administration had already given its go-ahead to the project.According to sources the MMRDA has also reportedly expressed its inability to either shell out amount close to Rs 500 crore or a developed land against the acquisition of certain portion of the land belonging to the Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT) for MTHL construction. \"We are building the bridge worth crores and are putting over Rs 2900 crore as share from our own treasury which will bring a huge value to the MbPT land. What can we shell out more. It's beyond our capacity?\" said sources in the state government.Similarly, the state government sources also revealed that they may not be able to install view-cutters on six to seven kilometers of the bridge portion to avoid direct view of sensitive installations such as Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC). \"We will try best to put view-cutters which will be suitable to the funding proposed for the project as finances are the constraints to meet demands other than all important bridge construction,\" another state government official said on the condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150053", "title": "HC dismisses IAS K Senthil Kumar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s petition", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Thursday dismissed a writ petition filed by K Senthil Kumar, IAS, who challenged the state government's order for his suspension for allegedly committing financial irregularities as Patna Municipal Corporation commissioner.A single bench of Justice Samarendra Pratap Singh observed that Senthil's petition was not maintainable in the high court and that he should seek remedy before the Central Administrative Tribunal or the state authority concerned.In its affidavit, the state government opposed his petition on the ground of non-maintainability. The counsel stated that a departmental proceeding had been initiated against Senthil after his suspension.BSEB employees service condition: A single bench of Justice S N Hussain on Thursday directed the state government to provide within four months the details about the service conditions of the employees of Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) following its division into different organizations.The order was passed following a writ petition filed by Shailendra Kumar Pandey and other BSEB employees, who submitted that since they had joined on the terms and condition applicable to BSEB, their service conditions would change following its reorganization and they might be transferred.Grade IV employees: A single bench of Justice V N Sinha on Thursday issued directive to the state government to form a panel for appointment on 102 vacant posts of grade IV employees in Jamui collectorate and other government offices.The order was passed during the hearing of a contempt petition filed by Awadhesh Singh and others, which stated that the Jamui district administration had not formed any panel for the recruitment since 2001 despite the orders of Patna high court and Supreme Court passed in this regard.The order was passed in the presence of the principal secretary, general administration department, and DM, Jamui.Government lawyers not paid: A section of lawyers in the state government panel, additional advocate generals, standing counsel, government pleaders, their assistant counsel and APPs have not been paid for the last four months for the cases they have contested for the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17148760", "title": "Kevin Pietersen announces his presence with ton", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Kevin Pietersen was the star of the day for England on the first day of their final warm-up game, scoring a 94-ball 110 and showing that he had carried his brilliant form to India.Captain Alastair Cook too scored 97 as England finished the day at 408/3, but what stood out was the disdain with which Pietersen clobbered fours and sixes against Haryana's bowlers.Haryana skipper Amit Mishra bowled eight overs in his first spell and picked up two wickets, that of Nick Compton (74) and Jonathan Trott , both leg-before.The other wicket to fall, Cook, went to rookie spinner Jayant Yadav, who has just four first-class and five List A games to show against his name. Clearly, playing spin isn't England's biggest strength.Pietersen, though, took the inexperienced Haryana attack to the cleaners, hitting 16 fours and three sixes. Pietersen was dropped by Sachin Rana off Yadav on 74 but that didn't slow him down, and he even attempted the 'reverse Dilscoop' once!Ian Bell too spent some time at the crease, batting on 57 at stumps with six fours and three sixes. He tackled the spinners well, made good use of the crease going full forward and backward and also danced down the wicket a few times.Samit Patel was the other not out batsman on 11.The highlight of the day, though, was Mishra's absence from the attack till the 51st over, by which time England were 203/1. Mishra bowled eight overs in his first spell and again came back to bowl three more towards the end of the day's play.But that could be mainly because he wanted to give his seamers, who have been bowling the majority of overs in the day, a break.His final figures read 11-1-50-2. Yadav bowled 16 overs giving away 85 runs and picking up a wicket.As expected, it was mostly seam on offer for the Englishmen as Sanjay Budhwar, Amit Vashisht, Sachin Rana and Chanderpal Saini tried their best against a superior batting unit.Brief scores: England XI 408/3 (Pietersen 110, Cook 97, Compton 74, Bell 57*) v Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "17150242", "title": "Teenager sodomised by drunk youths", "text": "WARANGAL: A 16-year old minor boy was sodomised by three drunken youth at his residence late on Wednesday evening. The incident occurred at Oorugonda village of Athmakur mandal of the district. The incident came to light on Thursday when the parents registered a police complaint against the culprits. According to police, Chittimalla Niranjanthe boy, an intermediate first year student of government college, Parkal, was alone watching TV at his residence when the youth entered the house and sodomised him.The alleged culprits who belong to the same village were identified as K Dayaker, Rajesh and U Rajesh. The victim who started bleedingshouted for help when his neighbours rushed to the house and rescued him. The culprits fled from the scene when the neighbours came. Based on the complaint of the victim's parents,The police registered a case and sent the boy to the hospital for treatment. Special teams have been formed by the police for nabbing the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149449", "title": "Test confirms that teen was raped", "text": "MUMBAI: The medical examination of a college student from Nalasopara, who was allegedly raped by her father, has confirmed sexual assault.On Wednesday, the victim (17) registered a complaint with the Nalasopara police accusing her father, Abhijit Das (45), of repeatedly raping her since October 2011. The victim, a SYJC student of a Vasai college was accompanied to the police station by her mother, Nita, a homemaker. However, the police questioned Nita to know whether she was aware about her daughter's sexual abuse at the hands of Abhijit. Abhijit, who was arrested on Wednesday, has been remanded in police custody till November 13 by the Vasai sessions court.In her complaint, the victim said her father, a who teaches music at a Khar school, began sexually abusing her last year and her mother was unaware about it.\"The teenager said her father had threatened to abandon the family if she spilled the beans about the sexual encounters. The victim alleged that her father raped her when her mother stepped out for domestic chores,\" a senior police officer said.\"The victim's medical examination has confirmed sexual assault,\" he added.On Tuesday, when her mother was away, Abhijit allegedly tried to force himself on his daughter. However, she resisted and informed her mother. A case of rape under Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17151474", "title": "Cleaner kills truck driver", "text": "NASHIK: A 27-year-old truck driver-Satish Gholap was killed by the cleaner of the same truck in a fit of rage on Tuesday night.The Upnagar police have arrested Badrinath Mane (20), who, after murdering Gholap, lodged a complaint against unidentified killers at the Upnagar police station on Wednesday.Senior police inspector, Babasaheb Budhwant, said that an argument broke out between the driver and the cleaner on Ambad Link Road, via Vadalagaon, during which Mane struck Gholap's head with a spanner.Mane then parked the vehicle outside the victim's home. Gholap's kin found him inside the truck in the morning. He was rushed to hospital but was declared dead before admission.Budhwant said that Mane failed to give the identification of the \"killers\", the car's number in which the killers came or explain why the victim was not taken to hospital immediately. Mane subsequently admitted that he hit Gholap's head with a spanner during a quarrel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17149844", "title": "Chirayu Trust case: Respondents told to furnish reply in four weeks", "text": "JABALPUR: Taking a strict view on a petition challenging land allotment to Chirayu Trust, Bhopal, a division bench of MP high court presided over by Justice KK Lahoti and Justice Vimal Jain granted \"a last opportunity\" to the respondents on Thursday, for furnishing their reply within next four weeks.The petition filed by an NGO, Parishram Samaj Avam Kalyan Samiti, has alleged multiple irregularities in the land allotment process to the trust by government authorities and questioned the subsequent change of the land use which among other things could threaten the ecological balance of the state capital.According to the petition, land was allotted to the trust by the state revenue, housing and environment department in April 2010 for setting up a hospital without proper verification as the stretch is part of the \"submergence zone and full tank level\" of the Upper Lake. The area, it further said has been reserved for compensatory aforestation by the Capital Project Administration Bhopal. After the allotment, the petition claims at least 4,000 green trees were chopped off without obtaining formal clearance from the forest and environment departments.Moreover the land in question, the petitioner claimed, has been a part of Bhoj Wetlands protected under Ramsar convention on migratory bird species which was also ignored. The allotment for such a large tract of land, it further claimed, was not preceded by any advertisement which makes the entire process dubious. The matter was listed on July 12 but the state government and the Chirayu Trust have been seeking time leading to frequent adjournments.Appearing for the petitioner the counsel Sidharth R Gupta contended that there has been a grave irregularity in the allotment process to the trust and also in the change of its land use on a subsequent date. The issue needed to be adjudicated urgently for any delay in it would prove to be prejudicial. The Supreme Court had also asked for early adjudication of the writ petition, he argued.The matter is expected to come up for hearing in the second week of December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150837", "title": "Lahore's night food street to come to Amritsar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Here's a Diwali surprise for Punjab, an appetizing one - charmed by the irresistible wafting aromas from the famous Lahore food street. Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal, who is on a visit to Pakistan, on Thursday instructed his visiting officials to replicate the street's model in the old town of Amritsar.\"This street is a model of how to keep authentic traditions alive. Both countries must warm up to each other's attractions. We must revive our Amritsar street like this. Even I got attracted to it,\" he told TOI over phone from Lahore.Sukhbir made the announcement during his impromptu visit to the food street.Surrounded by centuries-old Kashmiri-Persian architecture, Lahore's food street is one of the most popular tourist spots in Pakistan that attracts visitors till very late in the night.The street is open to traffic in the morning but as the sun sets, it gets closed to motorized vehicles. The street is a melange of dhabas serving traditional food, modern day coffee shops and fast food joints.Sukhbir had taken an evening off after two back-to-back sessions and meetings on trade involving power and export of items like tractor and textiles. He has been in Pakistan on a five-day tour since November 4 to boost trade ties between India and Pakistan.According to visiting delegates, his several cabinet colleagues, including his brother-in-law Bikram Majithia, sank their teeth into steaming pots of vegetable biryani, paneer saag and haryali vegetable. They also savoured gol gappa and digged into poori-chana.Amrtisar deputy commissioner Rajat Aggarwal, who is part of the 45-member delegation with Sukhbir, confirmed that the government would conceptualize a similar food street for Amritsar by the end of this year.Earlier in the day, the Indian delegation, including NRI affairs minister Majitha, education minister Sikander Singh Maluka, PWD minister Sharanjit Singh Dhillon, jail minister Sarwan Singh Phillaur and Sukhbir, paid obeisance at Gurdwara Dhera Sahib -- the martyrdom place of fifth Sikh Guru Arjan Dev. They also offered prayers at Nankana Sahib -- the birthplace of Sikh first guru. The delegation also visited the samadhi of Maharaja Ranjit Singh and the mosque in Shahi Fort of Lahore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17150970", "title": "Railway gate damaged by heavy vehicle", "text": "KANPUR: A railway gate (crossing No 9 falling parallel to busy GT road) near Rawatpur railway crossing was damaged by a heavy vehicle on Thursday afternoon. The Kanpur-Farrukhabad passenger train had to pass through the same route. Railway employees from Rawatpur railway station had reached the accident site and stopped the movement of the vehicles on both the sides of the railway crossing.Railway employees arranged for the train to pass through at a slow speed, ruling out chances of a mishap. The driver of the vehicle, Santosh, was held by the locals.Due to the occurrence of the incident on the railway crossing situated at the busy GT road, the movement of the vehicles was paralysed which resulted into a jam on both the sides of the railway track. The gate of the railway crossing was repaired at the earliest to allow smooth passage of the trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17152094", "title": "Datar retains lead in PGTI Players Championship", "text": "PUNE: Rajiv Datar of Pune hung on to his lead in round two of the PGTI Players Championship presented by Poona Club Ltd. Datar fired a three-under-68 on Thursday to take his total to eight-under-134.Mukesh Kumar of Mhow and Kolkata's Shankar Das are placed tied second at seven-under-135.The cut was declared at fourover-146. Fifty-seven professionals and two amateurs made the cut. Rajiv Datar (66-68 ) followed up his bogey-free 66 in round one with a solid 68 in the second round to stay ahead at the halfway stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17150787", "title": "Nightmare on Commercial Street for vehicle owners", "text": "BANGALORE: It's pre-Diwali shopping rush and two of the eight parking meters on the bustling Commercial Street don't work. They haven't been functioning for a year now, compounding the parking woes of shoppers here. \"There is no way we can find space to park our car on Commercial Street in the morning and evening,\" gripes Mohammed Sarvar, a frequent shopper here. \"Sometimes I station it on Brigade Road and walk down here.\"Traders here are hoping for a solution. If the machines don't work, one can't park the vehicle there and if one does so, there is no guarantee of the vehicle's safety. \"I had to go round in circles to find a slot as the parking meter wasn't working,'' said Kartik Prasad, a regular shopper.This system is run by the BBMP and is in sharp contrast to the automated parking system run by Brigade's Shops and Establishments Association (BSEA) on Brigade road, where all the machines are working. About 80 cars can be parked here while on Commercial Street it is just 72 despite the road length being more. This is because cars are parked one behind the other in a line unlike angular parking on Brigade Road.\"The corporation takes care of collection of parking fee from the automated machines. We only see that shoppers are not hassled and shop owners don't park their vehicles here. The parking system is working, but the number of vehicles that come daily far outnumber the space available and machines,\" said Ajay Motwani, vice-president, Commercial Street Traders Association.The association ran the automated parking system years ago but the contract got over in mid 2011 and BBMP took over. The nightmare is for people who come during the peak hours and go around to find a parking space anywhere near Commercial Street and Shivajinagar shopping areas.The Shivajinagar Bus Station and Infantry Road are often used by shoppers to park their vehicles. \"If I need to exchange a dress or pick up something in a hurry, I just park my car outside Safina Plaza,\" said Kaveri Goel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17149934", "title": "SBI to open 2,000 ATMs in next two years: CGM", "text": "PURNIA: SBI chief general manager (CGM), Patna Circle, Jeevandas Narayan said here on Wednesday that the SBI has been playing a very pro-active role in encouraging the Jeevika Model Agency across Bihar, and has propped up no less than 2,000 self-help groups (SHGs) by extending requisite loans to them.The CGM, addressing a Press conference at the zonal office on Wednesday said the SBI has also performed exceedingly well in terms of Kisan Credit Cards, the amount on which would be automatically hiked at the rate of 10% every year against the usual 7% and would henceforth, under new scheme, be valid for five years.Besides, the SBI has also been promoting agro-based industry like litchi in Muzaffarpur across Bihar. The CGM, however, did not trot out the statistics in this regard as half-year progress report was expected in the next two days. CGM Narayan, accompanied by deputy GM Rajendra Shanker Bhargav and general manager Network III Samir Kumar Bhattacharya earlier in the day interacted with the SHGs associated with Jeevika programme in Dhamdaha in Purnia. Narayan announced that whereas only 1,000 ATMs were functional across the state, 2,000 additional ATMs would be installed across the state in the next two years, which would effectively reduce the crowd on the bank premises.At present, there are 25,000 SBI ATMs across the country, and 14,000 bank branches were linked with core banking system, he added. Asserting that SBI is the leader as far as housing and car loans were concerned, the CGM said the housing and car loans rates were lower than what all other banks were charging at the present.With a view to providing better customer facilities, the SBI is setting up 1,457 Customer Service Points (CSPs) in the state and 491 such CSPs were targeted in Purnia Module which includes districts of Purnia, Katihar, Kishanganj, Araria, Saharsa, Madhepura, Supaul and Madhubani, the CGM informed.Talking of constraints in extending loans and other facilities, the CGM said once the land records are thoroughly computerized on the pattern of states like Andhra Pradesh and Maharastra in Bihar within next couple of months, the process will be greatly accelerated. However, the culture of default would have to be overcome, he emphasized. Replying to a query, the CGM said the menace of cyber crimes in the banks had been effectively curbed with innovative measures and improvisation in work culture in the banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17151595", "title": "Sangh protest incident-free, but traffic disrupted", "text": "COIMBATORE: An uneasy calm prevailed in Mettupalayam and nearby areas on Thursday as the Sangh Parivar organised a protest in various places in the region demanding speedy arrest of the assailants involved in the attack on RSS, Tirupur, district secretary, S Anand, on Tuesday. The incident had triggered a series of attacks, mainly on state transport buses, and a few commercial establishments in Mettupalayam and elsewhere since Tuesday evening.Over 1,600 activists including 100 women who staged a protest at Mettupalayam on Thursday evening were arrested and removed from the spot. They did not have the permission to gather and protest at the venue near the main bus stand on Ooty- Mettupalayam road, police said. A few Sangh Parivar activists had torched a bus at this bus stand on Tuesday, soon after the attack on Anand.Senior leaders from BJP and Hindu Munnani participated in the protest. The arrested people were later released from custody. \"Our main demand was to get the police to arrest the people who attacked our functionary,\" said D Satheesh Kumar, municipal chairman, Mettupalayam.Several precautionary measures had been taken to avert any untoward incident during the protest. Private and government buses were stopped a few kilometres away on Mettupalayam Road, Sirumugai and Annur, as police anticipated a rerun of Wednesday's incident where unidentified men pelted stones at government buses.Traffic was held up for about an hour due to the protest. Shops and commercial establishments inside the bus stand and immediate vicinity downed their shutters a few minutes before the protest and reopened only in the evening when normalcy was restored. Over 600 police personnel were deployed in Mettupalayam town and four district SPs E S Uma (Coimbatore), Amit Kumar Singh (Tirupur), S Nizamuddin (Nilgiris) and R Ponni (Erode), 10 deputy superintendents of police, 25 inspectors, and 70 sub-inspectors were on duty in Mettupalayam.The protesters shouted slogans, demanding the arrest of culprits who attacked the RSS district secretary Anand. \"The state government has failed to maintain law and order. The culprits, who attacked the RSS functionary, should be punished severely. This incident indicates the inefficiency of police,\" said C P Radhakrishnan, a senior leader of BJP.Meanwhile, Social Democratic Party of India (SDPI) submitted a petition to the city police commissioner A K Viswanathan on Thursday evening, seeking to stop violence against shops run by Muslims. \"The situation is under control in Mettupalayam town. We would take stringent action against the culprits,\" said E S Uma, SP, Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17149349", "title": "State Election Commission orders ward delimitation by January", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The State Election Commission (SEC) has asked the Odisha government to complete the process of delimitation of wards and reservation of seats by January 2013 in view of the forthcoming elections to Urban Local Bodies (ULB) in mid-2013.While there are 107 ULBs in the state, elections will be initially held to 96 ULBs. This includes the three municipal corporations of Bhubaneswar, Cuttack and Berhampur, where the five-year term of the councils will end in 2013 and early 2014. The polls would be conducted much before the expiry of the councils. \"The elections would be held in mid-2013. The SEC has asked the state government to complete the delimitation and reservation process by January 31, 2013,\" director (Odisha municipal administration) Khrushikesh Tripathy told TOI. \"As per provisions of Odisha Municipal Act 1950, seats in the divided municipal areas would be reserved for SC, ST, OBC and women ,\" Tripathy said. \"Elections in the remaining councils would be held after completion of terms,\" he added.Sources said councils of 91 ULBs will complete their five-year term on September 29, 2013, three in December 2013 and two in February 2, 2014. While the district magistrates are empowered to finalize the delimitation and reservation in municipalities and NACs, municipal commissioners would carry out the practice in the corporations. \"The district magistrates and municipal commissioners would then invite suggestions and objections from the public before finalization of the delimitation and reservation,\" Tripathy said.The state housing and urban development department has set the deadline of November 15, 2012 for municipal corporations to submit proposals of division of wards and reservation of seats, sources said. The corporations have been asked to issue draft notifications seeking suggestions and objections about the proposed delimitation and reservation on November 30, 2012. While last date of receipt of the suggestions and objections would be December 10, 2012, the final notification in this regard would come out on January 10, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17148712", "title": "BITS Pilani Goa Campus: Riding the Techno Wave", "text": "PANAJI: Day 2 of Waves (Nov 3) was a musical extravaganza. Searock, a semi-pro rock band competition, finals were scheduled on the outdoor stage in the evening. The Uncertainty Principle, The Family Cheese, Orchid, The News were the four bands from the 14 participating in the semi-finals, who made the cut to the finals.Searock was adjudged by the Australian alternative rock band - Dead Letter Circus. Orchid from Bangalore were judged the winners of the competition. Band members Vinay Prasad, Rahil Ahmed also won awards for best guitar and bass player, respectively. The best drummer was shared by Orchid's Mayur with Youhan from The Family Cheese.The rock night commenced with a powerful performance by Inner Sanctum - a thrash metal band from Bangalore. They performed with tremendous energy and mesmerized the metal music fans with their potent original compositions including \"Reflections of the Past\" and \"Quarantine\".The stage was then set for the very talented Australian rock band - Dead Letter Circus (DLC). DLC performed all the tracks from their debut album \"This is the Warning\". They performed compositions including Big, Cage and Reaction amongst many others. \"One Step\", which is also the Waves theme song, received a huge response from the spectators. The band's interaction with listeners was amazing. The performances ended with guitar, drum and bass solos.The Day 3 themed as 'Hindi Nite' had a heartfelt performance by 'Heartbeatz' from Kolkata and the widely-acclaimed 'Strings' from Pakistan. Hearbeatz played some popular numbers like November Rain, Delhi 6, Summer of 69, Dil Chahta Hai and some originals including 'Heartbeat,' the title track of their debut album.The much-awaited band 'Strings' performed next. Faisal's intense vocals accompanied by strongly poetic lyrics mesmerized the audience. They performed songs from different albums including Koi Aane Wala Hai, Titlian, Sar Kiye Pahar, Mera Bichara Yaar amongst many others. Bollywood numbers Yeh Meri Kahani and Zinda were also performed. The fusion of their numbers with some Bollywood classics like Pal and the occasional rock band riffs and solos tremendously entertained the crowd. They culminated their act with the very soothing Dhaani receiving tremendous cheers.Earlier in the day, popular events including Mr &amp; Miss Waves, Nukkad Natak, Wall Street Fete were conducted.Waves 2012 was declared closed by the convener Ashish Nanda amidst scintillating fireworks. The festival has grown tremendously this year and reached startling heights.Goa Android User Group meetingThe monthly meet of the Goa Android User Group (GAUG) was held at Centre for Innovation and Business Acceleration (CIBA) at Agnel technical education complex, Verna on October 27, 2012. The Goa Android User Group is the second group in India after the Bangalore Android User group to bring Android enthusiasts on a common platform.The meet opened with presentation of the facilities available at CIBA to support entrepreneurs and technopreneurs for technology commercialization. The entrepreneurs based at CIBA working on innovative technologies were also introduced to the gathering.The GAUG team, comprising Prajyot Mainkar (GAUG head), Arya Padte and Jonathan Pereira, formally introduced the genesis and the need of Goa Android User Group to all the participants. The group expressed their concern about limited opportunities for techno freaks to meet and focused on the need to spread knowledge about Android among Goan students and enthusiasts.Participants expressed interest in including even those who are not technically qualified but have the slightest interest towards Android in the group to widen GAUG's horizons.The participants comprised of android enthusiasts, both students and professionals from various engineering colleges, and corporates from across Goa.The technical session kicked off with Jonathan Pereira speaking about \"Android Basics and App Development\". After explaining in details about Android, he demonstrated to the participants the coding of android app. This was followed by a session on \"Android 4.1 (Jelly Beans version) Preview\" by Prajyot Mainkar. He demonstrated the various new and exciting features like Google Now, NFC which were introduced in the Jelly beans version.The event was co-ordinated by Amey Karmali and Raghuvir Mahale from CIBA. GAUG meet will be a regular event organized at CIBA every month and Android enthusiasts can contact GAUG or CIBA for registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151444", "title": "Infant found on train may be one stolen from hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: Kalairasi, 26, had held on to a pair of green kid gloves ever since her five-day-old daughter went missing from the RSRM Hospital in Royapuram on October 26.She had made her girl wear the green sweater, but not the matching gloves. On Thursday, it proved to be more than a sentimental gesture, as she presented the gloves to police as proof that she is the mother of the infant found abandoned on a suburban train on Wednesday. The abandoned girl was wearing a green sweater of the same colour and material.Police said the infant found on the train near Avadi could be Kalairasi's, but the reunion would happen only after a DNA test. Kalairasi and her autorickshaw driver husband Ravi had complained that their baby had gone missing five days after her birth. Police had released portraits of the suspect, a saree-clad woman caught by a CCTV camera, carrying the baby from the hospital ward.Twelve days later, on Wednesday, a passenger on a Tiruvallur - Central train found a baby girl in a box stuffed with oversized clothes and a feeding bottle. She was handed over to Don Bosco Anbu Illam. Police showed her to Kalaiarasi and Ravi. Kalairasi immediately identified the baby as hers, since she was still wearing the green sweater. She showed police the pair of kid gloves of the same colour she had preserved.\"The couple also identified the baby with the help of some other identification marks, but we have to wait for a DNA test,\" said Royapuram assistant commissioner of police M Peer Mohammad. Doctors have certified the baby as healthy.She is at the Bala Mandir in T Nagar. \"I am happy to see my child, but it is depressing that she is not with me yet,\" Kalaiarasi said. Police said the suspect could have abandoned the baby on the train after her portraits were circulated. Special teams have been sent to trace the kidnapper who the police believe could be from Tiruvallur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149692", "title": "BJP threatens stir ahead of PM's visit", "text": "MUMBAI: Ahead of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Mumbai, the politics over the Indu Mills row raised its head again on Thursday with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) getting into the act.Vinod Tawde, leader of opposition in the legislative council, said his party would resort to a stir if Singh did not make a formal announcement regarding the transfer of the 12.5-acre plot in Prabhadevi to the state government.The state government has sought the transfer of land occupied by the National Textile Corporation Ltd (NTC) for setting up a world class memorial for Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar. Singh is schedule to arrive on a two-day visit to Mumbai on November 10. On Thursday, CM Prithviraj Chavan discussed the land transfer issue with Union textiles minister Anand Sharma in Delhi. Senior officials from both sides were present.While Singh had endorsed the transfer of land for the memorial a year ago, its implementation has been stuck over contentious issues involving the extent of compensation to NTC, modifications required in the CRZ and development control regulations. A PM-appointed committee has been unable to resolve these issues.Both sides have different views on the compensation issue. The NTC has argued that the sea-facing property at Prabahdevi has a development potential of Rs 3,600 crore, whereas the state government has argued against it claiming that the plot is situated in no-development zone.While Chavan told TOI that Thursday's meeting was \"good and positive\" and a consensus was yet to emerge over the compensation issue, sources claimed.Tawde dubbed the meeting a \"farce\". He alleged that central leaders and officials were posing legal and environmental hurdles to derail the transfer. He said this amounted to misleading people and threatened protests during Singh's visit.Observers said the move was politically motivated and the BJP wants to tap into other backward class (OBCs) votes using the dispute Indu mill platform, an analyst said. . \"Singh has already endorsed the land transfer,\" an official said.Chavan was also scheduled meet party leaders during his visit. The meeting was yet to take place at the time of going to press. A rejig in the state cabinet is around the corner.Meanwhile, the issue of textile parks and the dying textile industry in Mumbai was also discussed during Chavan's meeting with Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17151211", "title": "Congmen begin lobbying for Jaipur Lok Sabha seat", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress aspirants for the Jaipur Lok Sabha constituency have begun lobbying for the party ticket, believing that the AICC observers were sent to the state because the ruling party was preparing for a midterm general election.Mayor Jyoti Khandelwal, Civil Lines legislator Pratap Singh Khachariawas, Jaipur City Congress president Salim Kagzi and PCC vice-president Rajiv Arora are among the claimants for the seat. Their names began to do the rounds after they met AICC observers Sadhu Singh Dharamsot who was camping at the Jaipur Circuit House early this week.Khachariawas admitted that his supporters who met Dharamsot lobbied for him. He, however, maintained that he was not a claimant for the seat. \"I earnestly want a second term for the sitting Jaipur MP Mahesh Joshi and want to continue to work for the people at the state level. But despite my stopping them, my supporters did recommend me for the Lok Sabha,\" Khachariawas told reporters on Thursday.Similarly, mayor Khandelwal too refrained from calling herself a claimant for the seat but stressed that the AICC observer talked to her at length about the party's election prospects in the Jaipur Lok Sabha seat. \"I did not stake a claim but we had a long discussion about the party's performance here,\" Khandelwal told reporters on her meeting with Dharamsot. At the same time, she pointed out that Joshi's victory margin of 16000 votes in 2009 parliamentary elections was far less than that of his predecessors from the rival BJP in the previous elections.\"From a seat where BJP had been scoring victory margins of over a lakh votes, even a victory by 16000 votes did matter,\" she said.Besides Dharamsot, Congressmen Megh Chand Pandey and Vinod Chaturvedi have also been appointed AICC observers for Rajasthan. The trio would be touring all 25 Lok Sabha seats in the state to seek feedbacks of local Congressmen. During his two-day stay in the city, Dharamsot also sought feedback on the Jaipur Rural constituency represented by newly appointed union minister Lal Chand Kataria. The minister had also called upon the AICC observer during his stay here.Jaipur: Congress aspirants for the Jaipur Lok Sabha constituency have begun lobbying for the party ticket, believing that the AICC observers were sent to the state because the ruling party was preparing for a midterm general election.Mayor Jyoti Khandelwal, Civil Lines legislator Pratap Singh Khachariawas, Jaipur City Congress president Salim Kagzi and PCC vice-president Rajiv Arora are among the claimants for the seat. Their names began to do the rounds after they met AICC observers Sadhu Singh Dharamsot who was camping at the Jaipur Circuit House early this week.Khachariawas admitted that his supporters who met Dharamsot lobbied for him. He, however, maintained that he was not a claimant for the seat. \"I earnestly want a second term for the sitting Jaipur MP Mahesh Joshi and want to continue to work for the people at the state level. But despite my stopping them, my supporters did recommend me for the Lok Sabha,\" Khachariawas told reporters on Thursday.Similarly, mayor Khandelwal too refrained from calling herself a claimant for the seat but stressed that the AICC observer talked to her at length about the party's election prospects in the Jaipur Lok Sabha seat. \"I did not stake a claim but we had a long discussion about the party's performance here,\" Khandelwal told reporters on her meeting with Dharamsot. At the same time, she pointed out that Joshi's victory margin of 16000 votes in 2009 parliamentary elections was far less than that of his predecessors from the rival BJP in the previous elections. \"From a seat where BJP had been scoring victory margins of over a lakh votes, even a victory by 16000 votes did matter,\" she said.Besides Dharamsot, Congressmen Megh Chand Pandey and Vinod Chaturvedi have also been appointed AICC observers for Rajasthan. The trio would be touring all 25 Lok Sabha seats in the state to seek feedbacks of local Congressmen. During his two-day stay in the city, Dharamsot also sought feedback on the Jaipur Rural constituency represented by newly appointed union minister Lal Chand Kataria. The minister had also called upon the AICC observer during his stay here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17151602", "title": "Minor girl missing from Andhra returns home", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 14-year-old girl, who was allegedly kidnapped by a Unani doctor from Mehboob Nagar in Andhra Pradesh and residing at an ashram near Udumalpet in Tirupur district, was handed over to her cousin brother on Wednesday night. A four-member police team including a woman constable took the girl to Mehboob Nagar to produce the minor girl before a court along with the cousin brother.\"The victim was hesitant to accompany her brother back home as she was apprehensive of being scolded by her mother and other relatives. But her mood shifted and she expressed she wanted to return home after her brother convinced that everyone, including her mother and relatives were waiting for her at their residence in Mehboob Nagar,\" said S Annam, sub-inspector, Dhali police station.The girl had been staying at United Peace Foundation in Amaravathi Nagar near Udumalpet. On November 3, two men constables from Mehboob Nagar police station came to the ashram to take back her to her home town. But the Dhali police advised them that the girl should be allowed to travel only in the company of a woman police officer.AP police had also requested Tirupur police to trace the Unani doctor Harinath alias Jayanth (52), a resident of Penugonda in West Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh. The police traced him to Vellore on Thursday by tracking his mobile phone and informed Vellore police. Soon after, he switched off the phone and managed to give police the slip.According to police, the girl, a Class 10 student was allegedly kidnapped by Harinath on August 30 from Mehboob Nagar. Police registered a case against the doctor on September 6 after a missing complaint was filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17148989", "title": "Smog may return on Monday: Met department", "text": "NEW DELHI: Smog conditions over Delhi improved considerably on Thursday as the much-awaited wind finally picked up in and around the city. However, Met officials have warned of smoggier weather on Diwali as a second spell of low visibility is expected to set in by Monday.As surface wind touched a high of 16 kmph in the afternoon, visibility at IGI Airport improved to 2,500m. \"Wind at a height of 880 metres also went up to 25 kmph from the previous day's 5-10 kmph. The stability of the atmosphere weakened from 4,000m as recorded between November 4 and 7 to 1,000m on Thursday,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.Since October 28, the city has recorded 207 hours of below 1,000m visibility. November 2008 had seen 245 hours of below 1,000m visibility in smog but with 22 days of the month still left, officials say this could be the worst month since 1989.Jenamani said that similar conditions of morning haze and smog were likely to continue till Saturday but another likely weakening of winds from November 11-12 could bring back the smog. \"No significant western disturbance is likely to affect the region and there is no chance of rain during the period either, which will only assist in smog formation,\" he said.Meanwhile, analysis by the Pune-based Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology shows Delhi has been seeing a steady build up of fine particles (PM2.5) since October 26. \"The most toxic pollutant PM2.5 started increasing from 100 mg/cu m on October 26 and reached critical levels of 400 mg/cu m on November 5,\" said Dr Gufran Beig, project director, System of Air quality Forecasting and Research ( SAFAR).Officials explained that natural-colour satellite images of north India collected by Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectro-radiometer (MODIS) aboard the Aqua satellite show a large number of fires in Punjab. Although the fires started much before October 26, pollution was not getting transported towards Delhi due to an adverse wind direction. Once the direction changed, clouds of pollutants emerging from seasonal crop residue burning from Punjab and Haryana started enveloping Delhi.Meanhile, Central Pollution Control Board has asked state pollution control boards and committees to conduct ambient air and noise quality monitoring on Diwali to assess the impact of cracker bursting in main cities across the country. In Delhi, the exercise will be carried out at many places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17151107", "title": "Kid in mom\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s arms falls after dad\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s push, dies", "text": "MUMBAI: The Malwani police on Thursday booked a 32-year-old man on negligence charges after he allegedly caused the death of his nine-month-old daughter.Sanjay Gupta reportedly had a fight with his wife while she was cradling their daughter, Khushi, on Wednesday. When Sanjay allegedly pushed his wife in a drunken stupor, she lost her grip on the baby, causing her to fall on the floor. She later died in a hospital.\"We have booked Sanjay under Section 304 (A) of the IPC on the basis of a specific complaint by his wife. He will be produced in court on Friday,\" said senior inspector Abdul Rauf Shaikh of the Malwani police station. \"We are waiting for him to complete Khushi's last rites before arresting him as there is no one else in the family to do so.\" The couple has another daughter, five-year-old Kavita.Sanjay, a tempo driver, lives in Madh's Shankarwadi near INS Hamla. His wife, Sunita (25), told the police that he would often return home drunk and fight with her. \"Khushi was a weak child since birth. She wasn't keeping well of late and was under treatment,\" a police official said.Around 6pm on Wednesday, Sanjay returned home drunk when Sunita was cradling the baby. He picked up a fight with her and pushed her hard. As Sunita lost her grip on the baby, Khushi landed on the floor with a thud and sustained severe head injuries.\"A frightened Sunita called out to two of her neighbours who rushed the child to a local dispensary. The doctor advised that Khushi's condition was serious and she should be shifted to a hospital. Sunita and her neighbours then took Khushi to Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli. During treatment, the child succumbed to her injuries,\" the official said.An autopsy was conducted at the Borivli post-mortem centre. Forensic experts said the cause of death was \"head injuries\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17150534", "title": "11% budget allocation for women?", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee-government is mulling to set aside nearly 11% of the planned budget of 14 key departments for women empowerment.Minister for women and child development Sabitri Mitra confirmed that her department would be sending the proposal to the chief minister, and said: \"In addition to this, we will launch a campaign so that every marriage is registered statewide across religious divides. This will help victims of domestic abuse to take legal remedy, which they otherwise can't because many marriages are not being registered. There are several other plans which we wish to undertake over-and-above the Central guidelines. The government is very empathetic to the needs of women.\"The National Mission for Empowerment of Women is an umbrella mission under the Prime Minister, which aims to bring all women-centric programmes of different ministries and departments under one roof.Since the state also works in this sphere, the actual convergence among the various schemes and programmes also needs to take place at the state and district levels. It is essential that a body at the highest level oversee and undertake convergence activities, say sources. This is why the State Mission Authorities (SMAs) have been envisaged. They are headed by chief ministers.The budget allocation will be a major step after formation of the SMA and the the State Resource Centre for Women, on the recommendations of National Mission for Empowerment for Women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17150749", "title": "Short film on 'polyamory' makes it to film fest", "text": "KOLKATA: It is a subject that would be considered taboo by some, scandalous by others and controversial by most. But IT professional turned filmmaker Rajdeep Paul isn't bothered. He is happy that '3 on a Bed' has finally been cleared by the censors and will be screened at Nandan III on Monday as part of the Kolkata Film Festival. The 32-minute film, dealing with polyamory, will be screened at Nandan III on Monday.The 32-minute film on polyamory revolves around the lives of three youngsters - Kapil, Padmini and Devdutt. Padmini loves both men, but instead of making a choice between the two, decides to live with both.Kapil or Devdutt don't mind either. Instead of fighting over possession and hierarchy, they share their love equally between themselves driven by a simple idea of 'All love shared is good'.The poster of the film is bold but then the theme is bolder still, as student films are expected to be. No wonder, it was caught up for months at the state censor board till being cleared for screening along with 20 others in the non-competitive students' short film category.Paul and co-director Sarmistha Maiti, both passouts of passed out from the Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute(SRFTI) in March, 2012, said the film is inspired by Girish Karnad's play 'Hayavadana'. which deals with the subject of polyamory, though is a slightly different way. Infact, the characters in the film have also been named after those in Karnad's play.\"Both Sarmistha and I could relate to the central theme behind Karnad's play. With so much of intermingling between both sexes, polyamorous relationships are not very uncommon in this generation and we are not hesitant to accept it,\" said Paul. whose film has been getting critical eviews on YouTube for its concept and has a whopping 746 likes on the Facebook page.He added that there were six panelists, headed by renowned Bengali filmmaker Haranath Chakraborty, on the censor board.\"The censor board was judged by a panel of six persons headed by renowned Bengali filmmaker Haranath Chakraborty.They had morality issues with the film and thus the film remained stuck with them for months before they finally cleared it for screening,\" Paul said.Polyamorous relationships believe in the acceptance of having more than one intimate relationship at a time with the knowledge and consent of everybody and sexual needs are secondary here, the director said. Like every student film which is introspective in nature, those selected for this year's festival portray a range of emotions and contemporary issues that concerns the youth today. Other entries from SRFTI include 'Between the Rains' (27 mins) by Samimitra Das, 'Ancient (Pracheenam)' (25 mins) by MS Praveen, 'Dream Merchant' (24 mins) by Wardan M Tiple, Drifting Boat (Daak Nouka) (27 mins) by Rohitaswa Mukherjee and 'Birds of Passage' (25 mins) by Ashim Paul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17150391", "title": "Illegal water drawing from Gambhir on despite curbs", "text": "UJJAIN: The district administration has not been able to limit use of Gambhir reservoir water only for potable purpose despite orders to this effect. Unauthorized pumping for irrigation use raises doubts over availability of water till summer for drinking purpose.Gambhir reservoir is the lone supply point for six lakh-odd citizens in Ujjain. The dam built on the Gambhir River, some 20 km from here, has a capacity of 2250 mcft (million cubic feet) and it got filled up to its capacity in rains this year.Around 4-5 mcft water is needed for supply daily but the figures are saying that the level is dropping by 11-12 mcft daily. The water level on Thursday evening was 2015.5 mcft. It is a no secret that nearby farmers' uses dam water for irrigation as motors have been put underground at numerous points.The district collector recently banned use of Gambir water for irrigation or industrial works, but illegal pumping could not be curbed. When contacted, Ujjain Municipal Corporation (UMC) commissioner N S Parmar told TOI that 14 motors have been seized and patrolling is being carried out to catch the offenders. We would soon undertake a drive to catch more offenders for legally drawing dam water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17151623", "title": "Age no bar for tech-literacy", "text": "MYSORE: \"The thirst for acquiring knowledge and craze for gadgets knows no age,\" says M Gopal Krishna emphatically. He would know, as this grand old man decided to get himself acquainted with the rapidly growing world of internet and technology when he was 70.Gopal Krishna, now 73, runs the Geetha Publication House and has published over 1,000 books. He says though he has had a computer in his office for the past 25 years he never thought of learning to use it. \"Three years ago, I decided to learn to use the computers. I approached a computer trainer and became tech-literate,\" he says. \"It was difficult initially, but as days progressed I became better at it,\" he says, as he turns on his laptop.Gopal Krishna, who also loves to read a lot of literature and gather information, says after 65 years he has become burden-free as he now has access to all the information at the click of a button. \"Every day I spend nearly four to five hours browsing Wikipedia. I learn more about countries, literature, download music...\" He has a vast collection of classical, Carnatic and North Indian music stored in his desktop.Showing off his new acquisition, a tablet PC gifted by his nephew, he says: \"I have loaded 100 of books in it and use it whenever I'm travelling.\" The tablet loaded with music and pictures of his family members also has Wi-Fi connectivity.He is called the 'Gadget Guru' among his friends and neighbours, thanks to his collection of portable music players, USBs, hard disks and CD/DVD players. \"Whenever my children or relatives come from abroad, they bring me electronic gadgets,\" he says, adding that his daughter gifted him a 2GB Ipod 10 years ago.\"All the audio cassettes lying around my house have now been digitized and saved on DVDs. Hundreds of audio cassettes have been reduced to a couple of DVDs, easy to carry and use,\" he beams.To keep in touch with his sons and daughters, he has enabled video calling facilities. \"It is more personal when I can see them and talk to them. I can see my grandchildren dancing around, it makes the conversation more meaningful than just talking over the phone.\" His wife, Shanta, is quick to add: \"To him, gadgets have become closer friends rather than human beings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17150946", "title": "Two crushed to death by school bus", "text": "VARANASI: At least two persons, including a railway employee, were killed while two others suffered serious injuries when an uncontrolled school bus crushed them near Lehartara railway over bridge (ROB) under Sigra police station on Thursday.According to reports, while coming down from the ROB , the driver of school bus (UP65 E 3755) lost control on the steering and entering the opposite lane it stopped after damaging a wall. Four persons, including a vegetable vendor, Shambhunath (35) of Chhittupur, a railway employee, Krishnakant Lal (54), Bindu Gupta (30) and a Jal Nigam employee, Santosh (50) of Kachhwa area came under its wheels.Shambunath and Krishnakant died on the spot while Bindu and Santosh were rushed to a private hospital where their condition was stated to be critical. Driver and cleaner of the bus fled from the scene leaving the vehicle abandoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17149534", "title": "Budding managers in battle of wits at XLRI", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The annual business summit 'Ensemble 2012' kicked off at the premier B-School XLRI on Thursday. The three-day conclave of would-be managers of top business schools across the country will witness intense competition and entertaining cultural events. With this year's theme being 'Beyond Conventions', the event is set looks to ignite creative fervours and stir passion among budding managers and inspire them to break moulds and follow their dream.The mega event aims to capture the entire array of management education - finance, marketing, operations, strategy, human resources and industrial relations.\"The event is aimed at building responsible leaders for the future. The presence of industry veterans and domain experts will add flavor to the current edition of Ensemble,\" said a functionary of the organizing committee.Away from the intellectual exchange and the nerve-rattling competitions, the conclave will also see a whole gamut of cultural events - including culinary events, English and Hindi plays, quizzes, literary events, sports , and adventure trips.The highlight of this year's ensemble is Prometheus, the flagship finance event organized in coordination with finance association of the host college, which will witness the shrewdest money-managers of the country lock horns in a battle for glory as they straddle through varying functions of the finance portfolio. \"The intense battle ensures that only the best shall come out triumphant and to him or her will belong the Fire that Prometheus stole from the Gods,\" commented a second-year business management student of XLRI.\"Ensemble-2012 has captured the imagination of B-School students across the country and emerged as one of the leading Business Summits in India. Through this management fest, we have always tried to bring out and reward talent, creativity and perseverance. Hopefully, the event will succeed in becoming a valuable experience for participants,\" that influences, impresses, inspires and touches an even larger number of management students,\"said XLRI director Fr E Abraham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17148875", "title": "Ghaziabad child abuse case: School accepts angry parents\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 demands", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Almost 100 parents staged a protest on Thursday outside the playschool in Indirapuram area of Ghaziabad where an employee had allegedly molested pre-nursery girls two days ago. The ensuing scuffle between the parents and the school management abated after the latter agreed to meet some of the demands of the protesters. The demands were related to increased security of students, participation of parents in the management of the school and greater accountability of all employees.The management has also promised to arrange a meeting between the parents and the school's chairperson, who has been absent during the entire episode.The CEO of the school was present during the protest and assured irate parents that steps will soon be taken to increase security. \"Most of the demands made by the parents are reasonable and things we were planning to do. These include installation of CCTV cameras, formation of a parent-teachers association for different classes and the presence of a female teacher in all school buses,\" said the CEO.However, parents said their primary concern was to meet the chairperson who has not met any of them till now and addressed the molestation issue. According to the management, the chairperson is currently abroad and will be returning for the school's annual day on November 20. \"The school will remain closed till a meeting is held between the chairperson and a delegation of parents,\" said a parent whose two-and-half-year-old daughter studies in the playschool.Parents have also demanded that if anyone wishes to withdraw their children from the school after this incident, then their full fees should be refunded. \"The CCTV cameras will be installed in the school premises before Diwali,\" added the school's CEO.The Ghaziabad police said investigations were on and the prime accused was being questioned. He will be produced in court on Wednesday. A manhunt has also been lodged against the two school management employees against whom an FIR was lodged by the parents for threatening them to withdraw the case, said a officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17150506", "title": "'Jagan should represent his firms'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Principal special judge U Durga Prasad Rao of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) court on Thursday reserved to November 26 his orders on who the court thinks should represent the various companies which have been named as accused entities in the YS Jaganmohan Reddy assets case.While CBI is insisting that all Jagan firms be represented by the Kadapa MP, companies like Bharati, which were sold to foreign players, are arguing that they should be represented by the persons nominated by the current managements of those firms.Deputy legal advisor B Ravindranath of CBI told the court that in case it was ruled that these companies had been added as accused entities purely on account of the actions of Jagan, then he alone has to bear the punishment for the irregularities. He is trying to nominate representatives to his companies only to avoid action by the enforcement directorate, the CBI counsel said.Except Sandur, several outfits floated by Jagan have no employees or shareholders and were no more than benami firms, the CBI counsel said. Jagan's counsel Ashok Reddy countered that by saying that firms like Bharati Cements had been bought by foreign players through lawful procedures. In the event of the court's finding the company guilty of any wrongdoing, the concerned company would pay the penalty, he said.The nomination of a separate representative by the company is to effectively put forward the case of the company, he said.Dharmana appears in court: Meanwhile, R&B; minister Dharmana Prasada Rao, Senior IAS officer M Samuel and others who are shown as accused in the Vanpic episode of Jagan assets case appeared in the court on Thursday. The court extended the remand of all the jailed accused in Jagan assets case, Emaar and OMC cases including Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy till November 22. The judge questioned the absence of L V Subrahmanyam, an accused IAS officer in Emaar scam case. When his counsel said that he sought exemption from appearing in the court because an official committee is coming to examine the preparedness of the temple administration in mitigating disasters, the judge wondered as to what would the executive officer would do there. Along with him accused like K V Rao, retired IAS officer shown as accused in Emaar case too was absent on Thursday. Y Srilakshmi, the accused IAS officer in OMC case filed a petition seeking exemption from personal appearance citing health grounds. The court also allowed Vijaya Raghava, another accused in Emaar scam case who recently got bail in the case to go to Tirumala from November 14 to 17. The judge posted the plea of Shravan Gupta, the accused MD of the Emaar- MGF seeking permission to go abroad was posted to November 14 for hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149845", "title": "2G scam: BJP okay with JPC summoning Atal Bihari Vajpayee", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP dropped its objections to ailing former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee being summoned before the Joint Parliamentary Committee probing the 2G scam , in a bid to deny Congress members a reason to oppose PM Manmohan Singh being questioned.BJP member Ravi Shankar Prasad made the \"offer\" in the midst of heated exchanges with Pravin Rashtrapal at Thursday's JPC meeting with the Congress MP demanding that important figures associated with the NDA government be examined.The BJP move marks a reversal of its position that ailing leaders like Vajpayee and George Fernandes were medically unfit to appear before the committee. Former FM Yashwant Sinha had protested their inclusion in a list of likely witnesses.An hour of the proceedings was consumed in wrangling after committee chair P C Chacko welcomed BJP members, saying he was glad to see them. Later, Sinha said BJP ended its boycott of the committee as it felt key witnesses needed to be examined and because the panel was set up on opposition demand.Sinha and Prasad argued that the case for posing questions to the PM had been strengthened in the light of former cabinet secretary K M Chandrasekhar's revelations that he had informed Singh of a possible Rs 35,000 crore revenue gain if entry price for 2G licences were revised.They said the PM needed to be examined and it was up to Chacko to decide how this was to be done. It is understood that Chacko agreed to discuss the matter in the committee soon. With deliberations of the committee dragging on, another extension of its term is on the cards.The meeting began with CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta raising an issue of privilege taken up by the committee with regard to some media reports on Chandrasekhar's testimony and Chacko is understood to have pointed to inaccuracies in some of the accounts that appeared.However, Sinha intervened to argue that when reports appeared previously of Chacko allegedly stating that senior BJP members Yashwant Sinha and Jaswant Singh could not serve on the committee, the remarks were clarified but no advisory issued. Is it the case that an advisory was issued when the matter concerned the PM, he asked.When Congress members objected to Dasgupta's comments, Sinha pointed out that in a previous JPC meeting, the CPI veteran had offered fulsome praise of Chacko's impartiality in conducting proceedings. Surely, Dasgupta should not be treated as a partisan member.The committee also heard the Cellular Operators Association of India representatives who complained bitterly about policies initiated by former telecom minister A Raja. They said the policy encouraged corruption and contravened several recommendations of the Telecom Regulatory Association of India.The association was closely questioned by DMK MP T Siva who came armed with a long list of questions. The line of argument followed was aimed at establishing support in government for the licensing policy adopted by the telecom ministry under Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17151567", "title": "Formula Manipal team gears up for German test", "text": "MANGALORE: Formula Manipal, a team of 40 undergraduate students of Manipal University, are gearing up to take part in the Formula Student Germany - 2013 (FSG-2013), an international design competition to be held in Hockenheimring in Germany between July 30 and August 4, 2013.Manufacturing and assembling works of the single-seater formula-style race car - Formula Manipal-2013 (FM-XIII)- are in full swing and students have completed the major part of the work. FM-XIII uses Honda CBR 600RR (600 cubic capacity) engine.To raise funds for their dream car, student had stared an online campaign titled 'Buy a CC' and though which they have already sold the sponsorship for over 400 CCs.Formula Manipal team leader Jimmy Cherian told TOI that the chassis design of the car had to be changed in accordance with the new set of rules for the 2013 season. \"The design for the upright has been completed. Jigs for the mounting of suspension brackets are manufactured, steering bracket is mounted on the test chassis and the design is modified to comply with the new rules,\" he said adding that the racing car will be ready by the end of December.\"We have got very good response from companies for our online campaign. The campaign gives a unique opportunity to our patrons to support the project by buying a virtual CC of the engine and each CC costs Rs 1,000,\" he added.Since its inception in 2007, Formula Manipal has been the biggest student project of Manipal University. Formula Manipal has evolved into India's internationally recognized formula student team after competing in four events.The team had participated in international events at Ferrari Fiorano Track, Maranello in 2008, Silverstone F1 Track, Silverstone, United Kingdom in 2009, Wachauring, Melk, Austria in 2010 and Raccardo Paletti Circuit, Parma, Italy in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151568", "title": "Court dismisses Vijayakanth\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s plea to reject petition questioning his election", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly four months after the Madras high court refused to reject an election petition questioning his election from Rishnivandiyam constituency, actor-politician Vijayakanth suffered another setback on Thursday when the court rejected his plea to remove certain remarks in the petition.Justice K Venkataraman cautioned the leader of the opposition that such applications would give room to the assumption that he was attempting to drag on the proceedings.An independent candidate, Jayanthi, filed the election petition, stating that her nomination was wrongly rejected by the authorities, thereby vitiating the result. Vijayakanth pointed out there was an allegation that he had colluded with poll officials, and said it should be deleted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17151495", "title": "Farmers can now get rain alerts every 15 mins", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka's farmers need no longer wait for radio bulletins or telecasts to know details of rainfall in their area. They can requisition and get micro-level rain details as SMSs on their cell phones.Thanks to the initiative taken by the Karnataka State Disaster Monitoring Committee (KSDMC), which has decided to replace the existing traditional rain gauges with sophisticated telemetric gauges at all 6,453 gram panchayat headquarters.Earlier, rain gauges existed at taluk and hobli headquarters and rainfall was quantified on the basis of data received from these mechanical rain gauge centres. But changing rain patterns and receding rainfall sent predictions on the meteorological front haywire. Now, with the establishment of these telemetric rain gauge centres, farmers can receive rain reports on their cell phones every 15 minutes, and base their cultivation on the predictions. Farmers registered with the system will receive messages round the clock with precision details received by the panchayat.According to KSDMC sources, already 793 telemetric rain gauges have been set up and 1,500 GPs will be added to the list this year. This replacement will not only eliminate errors in gauging rainfall, it also allows the government to phase out mechanical rain gauges hitherto managed by the PWD, revenue and statistics departments.In the past, 25 sqkm was taken as the base for recording rainfall, now it's less than 12.5 sqkm, from macro to the micro level. In addition to these GP centres, 200 rain gauges at the taluk and district headquarters will be replaced with telemetric rain gauges.KSDMC scientist Puttegowda said software for the functioning, collection, pooling and categorization of data received from these telemetric gauges has been developed and the mother centre has started functioning. These telemetric gauges work on solar power, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17150979", "title": "Driver found murdered", "text": "KANPUR: The body of a 32-year-old driver with his throat slit open was recovered from Mursheedpur village, situated under the limits of Bithoor police on Thursday morning.The body was noticed by the people of the area. They informed the Bithoor police.The body of Ram Avtar, a resident of Baikunthpur in Bithoor, was found lying at a vacant plot. There were injury marks on the body. The throat was slit open by sharp-edged weapon,\" informed a senior police official while talking to TOI.The police suspected involvement of son of Ram Avtar's paramour behind the crime. He had left the house on Saturday night saying that he was going to his friend's place in the vicinity. When he did not return home, the police were informed.The police were also exploring the possibility of the man being murdered somewhere else and the being dumped at the vacant plot.Motive of the killing was still under investigation. A case was registered under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code. Ram Avtar's friends were being questioned.Mobile phone proves fatal for girl: Talking on a mobile phone on a railway track proved fatal for a 22-year-old girl student of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University ( CSMU) on Thursday. She was run over by a train on Kanpur-Farrukhabad section in Kalyanpur area on Thursday.Locals shouted and tried to alert her about the approaching train, but she was so busy in her conversation that she failed to notice.Puja, a student of BA, was a resident of Rawatpur. Kalyanpur police said that she was run over by the train near Pulse Research Insititute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17150907", "title": "Seers call for show of solidarity with Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: The government as well as the people from all walks of life have been showing their concern for the pathetic condition of Ganga. They committed to make the holy river 'aviral' and 'nirmal' (free flowing and clean). However, river Ganga, which has been designated as the National River of India, is becoming more polluted and obstructed every passing day. For this, a call has been given to all Ganga lovers to assemble at New Delhi on November 25 in a show of solidarity with the river.Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati, the convener of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam, sent a picture of President Pranab Mukharjee taking blessings of Shankaracharya of Jyotish and Sharda Dwarka peeths, Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati at Raipur (Chhattishgarh) on Wednesday. In his message, he said the President and the seer discussed the issues of the Ganga.The Shankaracharya of Govardhan Math Peeth, Puri, Swami Nischalanand Saraswati, who is in the city on a four-day visit, also expressed his concern for the Ganga and blamed the government for its deteriorating health.The Ganga Seva Abhiyanam observed 168-day Ganga Tapasya on the bank of the Ganga and also organised a rally at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi on June 18 demanding an unobstructed Ganga. Noted environment scientist-turned-seer, Swami Gyanswaroop Sanand (Prof GD Agrawal), along with others, had gone on fast for the cause of Ganga.Besides, many other organisations and personality like Rajendra Singh, popularly known as the Waterman, were also associated with the campaign. However, any positive outcome of this agitation is still awaited.To pacify the seers and Ganga warriors, the Central government constituted an inter-ministerial committee to submit its study report on dams obstructing the flow of Ganga in three months. Union minister Sriprakash Jaiswal arrived here as the messenger of the Prime Minister in the last week of June. He handed over the PM's letter to Shankaracharya of Shrada Jyotish and Dwarka Peeths. The Shankaracharya agreed to give a halt to the campaign till the inter-ministerial committee submits its report.Few days before the arrival of Jaiswal, the Shankaracharya of Jyotish and Dwarka Sharda Peeths had given an ultimatum of three months to the Central government and warned that the agitation on the issue of uninterrupted flow of Ganga would be intensified further. The seer had also attended the rally organised at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi on June 18 and he was disappointed at the government's apathetic attitude towards the protection and conservation of the national river.He has urged the Ganga lovers, living across the nation, to assemble at New Delhi on November 25 to mount pressure on the Central government to save the holy Ganga from bondage and pollution. He also demanded a separate empowered ministry dedicated solely to Ganga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17152113", "title": "Canine beats: No heavy metal for dogs please, play Mozart", "text": "LONDON: Don't let those spiked collars fool you, 'Mozart fan' dogs prefer classical music to heavy metal, a new study has found. Research from Colorado State University found dogs in animal shelters were less likely to bark and more likely to sleep when played the likes of Mozart or Beethoven .Heavy metal, by contrast, was found to have the opposite effect, inducing nervous shaking and barking, and stopping the canines getting any sleep, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The findings have implications for welfare of animals in stressful environments and could lead to new guidelines for the care of dogs in shelters.Lori Kogan, associate professor in the College of Veterinary Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, played different music to dogs in a shelter over the course of four months and recorded their responses. The investigated genres included classical , heavy metal and a simplistic psychoacoustic classical composition marketed specifically for dog relaxation.Music selections were played for 45 minutes with behavioural observations recorded every 5 minutes. Each music selection was followed by a period of silence , resulting in thousands of behavioural recordings.Compared to the control condition of no music, classical was linked to more relaxed and restful behaviour while heavy metal was linked to increased barking, shaking and less sleep time.Surprisingly, the dog-specific psychoacoustic music had only a minimal effect on the behaviour of the canines.With shelters being inherently stressful environments for most dogs the results of the study suggest that playing classical music might help with the welfare of the animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17151166", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcInduction\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 of new cooker may pad LPG shock", "text": "KANPUR: Diwali is back giving citizens all the reasons to shop. But this time, buyers are investing in items that are value for money. The surging prizes of commodities have forced them to cut down expenses. This year induction cookers have become a rage for consumers given the cap on subsidised LPG cylinders.Induction cookers available at electronic consumers stores can be bought at around Rs 2,500. Dhanteras is just two days away and electronics shop have extended up to the footpaths to put up stalls inviting visitors to buy induction cookers. On the day of Dhanteras, citizens shop for electrical appliances, electronic goods and utensils and induction cookers are expected to sell like hot cakes, believe shopkeepers of the electrical appliances market in Kidwai Nagar.According to Rohit Awasthi, a Kidwai Nagar shopkeeper, around a month back we hardly got any customers for induction cookers but following the cap on LPG cylinders, the demand has increased. Earlier, people were not aware of induction cookers but now we receive a lot of inquiries. Around 15 to 20 persons visit my shop each day asking about the benefits of using the induction cooker, informed Awasthi.Shopkeepers say high demand for induction cookers has created shortage in the market. Piyush Jaiswal, a shopkeeper at Jawahar Nagar, said, \"We have already sold more than 50 cookers in the past one week and hope to sell several more on the Dhanteras day. So we have already stocked these cookers in large numbers in the godown to meet the demand.\"Piyush also informed that people with low budget can buy cookers of Chinese make which are comparatively cheaper than Indian and other brands. These cookers can be bought for just Rs 1,000 to Rs 1800 a piece. According to Prateek Asthana, a resident of Govind Nagar area buying the induction cooker from a local shop, using it will reduce the use of LPG for cooking, preparing tea, coffee and heating food. Several food items can be cooked on it.But on the flip side, amidst praises for how induction cookers would reduce dependence of housewives on LPG burners, there is the consideration that these cookers function on electricity and in case of power cut, will be rendered useless. For a city like Kanpur, where power cuts take place for a long time and in an unscheduled way, the induction cookers may just hit a roadblock.Talking to TOI, Poonam Pandey, a resident of Tilak Nagar, said \"Induction cookers run on power and in our city, power cuts are frequent and it would be tough to rely totally on them. In such a scenario, the LPG run burners can still not be done without.\"Similar views were expressed by Nidhi Shukla, a housewife and native of K Block in Kidwai Nagar, who said she would buy an induction cooker on the day of Dhanteras but will keep her LPG connection intact at home as one cannot completely rely on the cookers keeping the fact in mind that they work only when plugged into a socket when there is power, otherwise it will be of no use.Spokesperson of Kesco AKS Chauhan claims power scenario has improved in the city and the rostering hours have reduced significantly. So with sufficient power supply one can easily use the induction cookers and save LPG.Against his claim, the city on Thursday witnessed power cut from 11.10 am to 2.10 pm so what if dip in temperature has brought demand for power down considerably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17151549", "title": "Alert cops trace bag containing valuables", "text": "BELGAUM: Thanks to alert railway police, Gokak-based civil engineer Abdulhamid Babusab Nerali got back his bag containing gold ornaments and cash worth Rs 55,000 within a few minutes after losing it.Nerali, a resident of Bombay Chawl in Gokak, was returning to Gokak with his family in Chalukya Express from Pune. The train left Dadar on Wednesday and reached Ghataprabha, where Nerali's family alighted on Thursday morning. Soon after the train departed Gataprabha, one of the family members found a bag missing. Immediately, the family approached railway police in Gataprabha railway station, who in turn informed Belgaum railway police. Police were rushed to the train when it stopped near Paschapur station for crossing. Head constable M M Badami went to the bogie in which the family was travelling and traced the bag. He told the good news to Belgaum railway SI Sanadi.The family was travelling in an unreserved bogie after attending a wedding in Pune. The bag contained Rs 23,480, two cellphones, two rings, two pairs of earrings and a wrist watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149048", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation steps up drive against property tax defaulters", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation often cites financial crunch as reason for not undertaking development works. But NMC's efforts to replenish its coffers seem to be falling short. The civic body has not yet recovered about Rs 50 crore property tax from owners.According to NMC property tax department figures, there are 4,105 big defaulters owing crores of rupees to the corporation towards property taxes. A majority of these are in city's posh localities. Laxmi Nagar zone that comprises Laxmi Nagar, Deo Nagar, Bajaj Nagar, Pratap Nagar etc, tops the list when it comes to pending house tax. Here, a total of 674 defaulters owe dues ranging between Rs 50,000 and over Rs 1 lakh.It is followed by Dharampeth zone with 582 property tax defaulters. The Ashi Nagar zone, having industrial units, stood on the third spot with 579 defaulters. Hanuman Nagar zone has shortlisted around 553 big property tax defaulters. Mangalwari (499), Nehru Nagar (305), Lakadganj (284), Dhantoli (221), Satranjipura (221), and Gandhibagh (187) come next.Sources said the civic chief Shyam Wardhane recently reviewed the matter. He formed special raiding teams to recover these dues. The NMC is also planning timely recoveries in future. Teams led by assistant municipal commissioners in respective zones have been asked to prepare a report about defaulters who evaded the sealing proceedings by issuing cheques that were dishonoured by banks. The civic chief also instructed the officials to be tough on the defaulters.A senior official said aim of the special drive was to generate funds. \"People should understand that city's development can take place only if we have funds in our kitty. Besides, we don't want to harass any person and all defaulters should pay the pending house tax themselves, else we would take strict action against them,\" he said.As a part of the drive, in last two days Ashi Nagar zone sealed two premises including Vidarbha Printers (dues of Rs 18 lakh) Uppalwadi and Vindya Distilleries (Rs 10 lakh) off Kamptee road. Assistant municipal commissioner Ashok Patil told TOI that Karamchand Thapar of Vidarbha Printers and Vinod Kumar Sahu, the owner of the distillery unit, have been defaulting on property tax since years.Despite repeated reminders, they failed to clear dues. \"Therefore, we sealed both the premises,\" he added.The DefaultersZonesRs 50k+ Rs 1L+Laxmi Nagar384290Dharampeth378 204Hanuman Nagar 437116Dhantoli 12794Nehru Nagar187118Gandhibagh13255Satranjipura 17447Lakadganj 167117Asi Nagar 400179Mangalwari355144Total27411364", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17150025", "title": "200 dengue cases confirmed in Kamrup district so far", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state health department said dengue fever has now become endemic to the Kamrup (metro) district with 200 cases detected in the district in the last few months.Out of the 542 suspected dengue cases reported across the state, 279 cases were confirmed. Altogether, 200 cases were detected in Kamrup (metro) district, while 18 cases were reported from Kamrup (rural) district.Director of State Health Services Dhurbajyoti Hojai told TOI that the maximum number of dengue cases was reported from the Kamrup (metro) district. \"The migration of people to the state from other places could be one of the reasons for the spread of the disease. At present, the disease has become endemic to the region,\" he said, adding dengue is transmitted by several species of mosquito within the genus Aedes, which mostly bite during the day.The death toll in the state stands at four, of which three are from Guwahati and one from Lakhimpur, where 24 cases were detected.Most of the dengue cases have been reported from Fatasil, Lokhra, Lalganesh, Beltola, Kahilapara and Udalbakra areas of the city. Health officials said these parts of the city are densely populated and also have large slums with no proper maintenence of hygiene. Moreover as these areas are located near the national highway, trucks are parked along the areas. The trucks travel around the country and the drivers of the trucks are believed to have carried the infection from other parts of the country.Superintendent of Gauhati Medical College and Hospital Ramen Talukdar said the total number of patients admitted to the hospital so far with suspected dengue symptoms was 278, out of which 68 tested positive. A total of 38 patients were admitted to GMCH with dengue symptoms on Thursday, out of which 3 confirmed as positive and 35 were suspected cases. All the patients admitted came from Fatasil, Lalganesh and Lokra areas.\"We have started certain pilot projects for controlling dengue such as distribution of pre-medicated mosquito nets. The projects will be implemented from next week and will be carried out after every six months,\" the director added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "17150542", "title": "Three youths held for raping dalit girl", "text": "BATHINDA: Police have registered a case against three upper-caste youths for raping a 15-year-old dalit girl. In the police complaint, the girl said that three youths from her village had been raping her for around six months.According to the police complaint made on Wednesday, the girl was first abducted around six months ago by Gurmail Singh, Harmail Singh and Kuldeep Singh, when she was on her way to school. The accused took the girl to a nearby canal and Gurmail Singh raped her in the presence of his two associates.The girl said she was threatened with dire consequences if she reported the matter, and the accused kept exploiting her for nearly six months. The victim, in her complaint, said she didn't inform her family out of fear and on November 7 when the accused again tried to rape her, she escaped and took shelter in a gurdwara and later narrated the incident to her mother.Investigating officer Jaswant Singh said: \"Her medical tests have prove rape and a case has been registered under sections 376, 506, 34 of IPC.\" The three accused youths are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149672", "title": "Delhi circle rates set for steep hike after Diwali", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is set to propose a steep hike in circle rates of top-category properties. The rates in Category A colonies would go up by 200%, category B by 50% and the rest by 25%. The exercise is largely seen as an attempt to boost revenues. Circle rate, fixed by the government, is the price below which a property cannot be sold.If the proposal is approved, rates in upscale colonies of 'A' category will go up by 200%. In 'B' category colonies, the hike will be a relatively modest 50%, while the next six categories - 'C' to 'H' - will see a uniform 25% increase. This will effectively spare people in middle class neighbourhoods and urban villages alike.With assembly polls scheduled for later next year, the government seems to be playing safe.Realty watchers say the proposed rates will neither check black market transactions in 'A' and 'B' category colonies nor burden middle and lower-middle classes.For instance, the circle rate in 'A' category colonies is Rs 86,000 per sq metre. A 200% increase will raise it to Rs 2.58 lakh per sqm.While the hike appears steep, it is way short of the prevailing rates in colonies like Jor Bagh, Vasant Vihar and Friends Colony. In these 'A' category colonies, the market rates are at least three to four times higher than the proposed rates. For instance, in Vasant Vihar, the market rate is around Rs 10 lakh per sqm. In Jor Bagh, the rate is around Rs 12 lakh per sqm.For 'B' category colonies like Greater Kailash, Defence Colony and New Friends Colony, a 50% hike has been proposed, but experts say the increase is not significant as the existing circle rate is only Rs 68,000. The proposed revision will only mean an increase of Rs 34,000 per sqm. The market rates in colonies like Greater Kailash are in the range of Rs 5 lakh to Rs 6 lakh per sqm.It's the same story in 'C' category colonies like Kalkaji and East of Kailash where the existing circle rate is Rs 54,600 per sq metre. Even after the proposed hike of 25%, the circle rate will not match the market rate which is roughly Rs 4 lakh per sqm.The rate of increase for 'D' to 'H' categories is also proposed to be a uniform 25%. The prevailing rate in 'D' category is Rs 43,600 per sqm, Rs 36,800 per sqm in 'E' category, Rs 32,200 per sqm in 'F' category, Rs 27,400 per sqm in 'G' category and Rs 13,800 per sqm in 'H' category.The idea to increase circle rates to beat the tax crunch came up after a meeting to assess the UT's finances last month. At the meeting, chaired by chief secretary P K Tripathi, it was revealed that various departments were falling short of their targets due to the slowdown, and the revenue department needed to improve its performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17150938", "title": "Only two-wheelers are being penalised during traffic month", "text": "VARANASI: Even after the end of the first week of the on-going traffic awareness month, the traffic police authorities are focusing on two-wheelers only while the four-wheeler owners, especially of private vehicles, have been exempted from the checking drives.SP traffic GN Khanna admitted on Thursday: \"We have not started checking the four wheelers so far. Only the vehicles standing in no-parking zones are being penalized through `chaspa challan'.Mostly, the families and foreign tourists move in four-wheelers in the city and disturbing them would not be fair. Crime is being committed by two-wheeler riders,\" he said. This statement is sufficient to make the double standard of the traffic police clear and also hints that they find it convenient to teach the traffic rules to the two-wheeler riders only.The SP traffic claimed that no documents of motorcycle riders are being checked at present. Presently, he said, the emphasis is being laid to ensure that all the two-wheeler riders are using helmets. On finding no helmet.They are being warned in writing on the driving licence, he said. In the case of avoiding helmet even after getting warned, the vehicle owners are penalized. However, the scene on roads where the checking drives are continuing is contrary. The two-wheeler riders are being targeted for minor mistakes and also penalized.The records of traffic police are sufficient to prove it. Khanna revealed that 1,699 vehicles had been challaned during first week of traffic month and Rs 2.16 lakh had been realised as penalty from them. Though SP traffic denied having category-wise list of vehicles caught for penalising in this week, the figures hinted clearly that majority of vehicles are in the category of two-wheelers. Most of the four-wheelers penalized during this week were in commercial category.No effort had been made to check whether the seat belts are used in the four-wheelers or not.Khanna admitted that no such checking had been done so far. Even the achievement of traffic police on removal of black films from the window pans of the four-wheelers is meagre, though the SP traffic said that in the priority list of director general of police this issue is on top. So far, only 21 vehicles with black screen have been caught by the traffic cops while beacons and hooters were removed from six.The SP traffic claimed that the four-wheelers are being penalized only in the case of parking in no parking zones and about 150 such vehicles had been challaned each day in first week of the traffic month. The SP traffic showed a list of roads where he claimed that this drive is continuing but many prominent roads like Lahurabir-Maldahiya were missing from it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150567", "title": "Manimajra conman arrested", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Manimajra resident has been arrested in Delhi for cheating people he lured with the promise of government jobs in the police and railways. The accused, 42-year-old Vishal, was remanded in three-day police custody on Wednesday. An Ambassador car with a red beacon was also recovered from him.A case was registered against Vishal at the Chanakyapuri police station. He was wanted by UT in several cases and had been declared a proclaimed offender. Police sources said he would cow his victims down by threatening them with implication in false cases besides intimidating them with his contacts.Delhi ACP K C Dewedi said Vishal fell into his own trap after he got a case registered against one of his victims at Chanakyapuri on July 12. During investigations, police found that the complainant is a conman himself. Vishal targeted residents of Shimla, Ambala, Panchkula and Kurukshetra. Manimajra police station SHO Yashpal Vinayak said a team has been dispatched to bring Vishal to Chandigarh.The SHO also said family members of the accused, including his sister, brother-in-law and others colluded with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153598", "title": "This Diwali, eat a rocket!", "text": "Flaming lanterns, colourful crackers in cakes and other desserts are the festive indulgence, instead of the traditional mithai platters.It's that time of the year again when mithais do the rounds. But this time the trend makes a shift from the traditional Indian sweetmeats to chocolate diyas, marzipan phatakas and cakes made in the shape of lanterns and lights.Quite a variety There's a huge assortment to choose from. Gourmet experts Neeru and her daughter Shradda Mehra agree that the traditional mithai fare is passe. \"People want to get innovative and since chocolate is the festive favourite, they want it to fit into the theme.\"In keeping with the tradition of card-playing (as Taash Patti is considered auspicious on Diwali), the duo has come up with specially-themed cupcakes with spades, hearts and clubs. They also have a Vegas-themed platter that has dice and token chips. We make the cupcakes in different chocolate varieties; you have rangoli patterns, kandeels and lanterns in sugarcraft topped with chocolate buttons, cake balls, gems and edible flares,\" says Neeru.Feel like a diya cake? Dessert specialist Anchal Jaggia says she's making the dessert faster than it can be sold. \"Folks love the marzipan atom bombs, diya-themed truffles and phatakas as well as other sweets. During this time, what also sells fast are the chocolates in nut crunch, almond and date, fig and fruit/nut varieties. Dryfruits are in huge demand during festivals and serving them with a theme and colour adds to it all. People don;t think twice about doing someting different and gifting a fresh cream nougat cake with the Diwali theme,\" she informs.For the festival, Jyoti Sampat and Purnima Khatau of Peddar Road have prepared party cupcakes made with Diwali rangoli, firecrackers and more. \"We went in for moulds specially for Diwali due to an increasing demand for these colourful desserts. The attraction is to have your chocolate in a different avatar ,\" says Purnima.Dessert specialist Shradha Aggarwalla uses fireworkshaped toppings to decorate these edible delights. She also makes chocolate cupcakes with peanut butter cream frosting. \"The mithai, anar and chatai bomb rangolis stand out and the rockets made out of sugar fondant are really popular. We have done similar ones with sugar crafting on top, And since edible colours are used, the desserts are safe,\" she explains. She also imparts her craft to others and the run-up period to Diwali sees a packed crowd trying to learn how to do something innovative from her.Lasts longer too Chocolate products have a greater shelf life than other sweetmeats like rasmalai and barfi. \"If I use peanut butter, the cupcakes stay without refrigeration for upto three days,\" informs Aggarwalla. Neeru adds, \"Diyas with chocolate can be kept for upto five days at room temperature.\"Says dessert expert Rakesh Saini, \"The best part is that the sugar decorations used can be saved. The anar ones can be kept in room temperature in a vacuum pack for a year, which is good.\"Neeru Mehra gives an easy-to-make chocolate brownie diya recipe...Ingredients: Brownies \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 5 pieces Chocolate truffle icing \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 1/2 cup MouldsMethod: Crumble the brownies and add one tbsp of chocolate truffle and mix well. Line the moulds with cupcake wrapper and divide mixture into this, making a hollow in each. Set in the fridge for an hour. Remove and add icing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150221", "title": "HC issues contempt notice to Magadh University VC on appointment issue", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday issued contempt notice to Magadh University (MU) VC for not complying with the court order for constituting a committee for the appointment of teachers and non- teaching staff in MJS College, Bakhtiarpur.A single bench presided by Justice Navaniti Prasad Singh issued the show-cause notice to the VC while hearing the contempt petition of aspirants for the posts of lecturer and non-teaching staff, Rajesh Kumar Singh and others.JPNAIIMS deadline: The high court on Wednesday directed the contractor, engaged by the central government for construction of JPNAIIMS building, to complete its construction by December 31, 2012. The court also directed contractor B L Kashyap to give an undertaking to the court in this regard and get the construction work done in four shifts to make the hospital functional at the earliest.The order was passed by a division bench comprising Justice P C Verma and Justice A K Trivedi on a PIL of Council for Protection of Public Rights and Welfare seeking early completion of construction of the hospital. The central government, however, submitted in its affidavit that the hospital would be made functional in financial year 2013-14.The court further directed the lawyers' committee, comprising Shashi Bhushan Kumar and Brajesh Kumar, to visit Guru Gobind Singh Hospital, Patna City, which has been tagged with JPNAIIMS for providing superspeciality treatment till the hospital start functioning and submit the report to the high court.During the hearing of the PIL on different dates, standing counsel of the state government Shashi Bhushan Kumar submitted that the central government had failed to complete the construction of the hospital on time.Installation of cellphone tower: A single bench presided by Justice V N Sinha on Wednesday directed the union of India and Begusarai DM to file counter affidavit to a writ petition alleging installation of a mobile phone tower of a private operator in a residential area in Begusarai. The order was passed on a writ petition of Rajesh Kumar who submitted that the SC and high courts in some other states had taken cognisance of the fact that cellphone tower should not be installed adjacent to the residential areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "calangute/margao", "code": "17148920", "title": "12 more five-star hotels eye Goa's tourism pie", "text": "CALANGUTE/MARGAO: Nothing can better describe the future prospects of tourism in Goa than the rush of big hotel chains looking to build or acquire properties in the state's beach belts. Over 12 five-star hotels and resorts are set to dot Goa's coastal villages.Currently, there 3,465 five-star rooms in Goa and this is expected to almost double over the next two to three years. As Goa looks to tap the higher income travellers, six new projects have been proposed in North Goa and an identical number in South Goa, sources said.Travel and tourism association of Goa (TTAG) spokesperson Ralph de Sousa said the upper-middle income group in India is growing and the economy is on a positive run, both indictors of growth. \"This is an indicator that there is a further need for rooms in the luxury segment in Goa. The state is also trying to make inroads in the luxury segments in the international tourism markets. High profile events in Goa are getting due attention and they enhance demand in luxury segment from international visitors,\" de Souza said.Calangute, one of the state's tourism hotspots, will soon boast of three new five-star properties. A second Holiday Inn-one already exists in South Goa-is coming up near Calangute market. An Intercontinental convention centre-resort is coming up in Baga, while another property with the Marriott brand is slated for Khobravaddo.Ronil Resort at Baga is being upgraded into a deluxe five-star property, while Riviera de Goa in Arpora recently upgraded and rebranded itself as DoubleTree by Hilton, the first Hilton property in Goa.Candolim, which already boasts of three Vivanta by Taj properties and two other five-star properties-Regina Fortune Select and O Hotel-may see one more five-star property in Saipem.Calangute panchayat member Joseph Sequeira said the rise in five-star properties in the village will see a change in the profile of visitors, with more quality tourists coming to Calangute. The village for long has been seen as the mass market tourism destination, while neighbouring Candolim has been seen as a more exclusive place because of the large number of five-star resorts. Calangute at the moment has only one five-star-La Calypso. There are two five-stars in neighbouring Arpora-The Rio Resort and DoubleTree by Hilton.Though more hotels are on the anvil, the industry is also playing a wait-and-watch game in view of the plans to set up an airport at Mopa in North Goa. Once Mopa airport in Pernem taluka is functional, the airport at Dabolim may not attract too many travelers, even if it remains functional as promised by the government.\"There are at least three hotel projects in Cavelossim which have secured the necessary permissions from the panchayat long ago. One of the main reasons for the investors' hesitation in going ahead with the project could be the proposed Mopa airport. There are concerns that as and when the Mopa airport gets functional, the flow of tourists will shift from South to North Goa,\" a source said.There are already 25 five-star resorts in Goa certified by the Union tourism ministry. Besides these, there are a few others which describe themselves as five-star resorts or five-star boutique resorts, but are not certified as such by the Union tourism ministry. Of these, 13 properties are in North Goa.Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar said the state tourism department does not have much of a role to play in this matter since it's the Union tourism ministry which certifies the hotels. All building approvals pass through the PDA and TCP departments.A source in the North Goa Planning and Development Authority said at least three more five-star resorts have been approved in Panaji. One of these will be at Patto Plaza, while another is going to be built in Dona Paula. A reason for the demand for five-star hotel rooms in Panaji is the round-the-year visitors to the off-shore casinos in river Mandovi. Several high-profile travellers come calling on weekends to spend time and money at the casinos and need a room to stay in.Casino Carnival marketing director Shyam Haridass said the casino industry books about 2,500 room-nights a month in five-star, four-star and three-star hotels. At peak times, there is a shortage of starred accommodation in and around Panaji, as around 95% of the casino clientele is from outside the state and want proximity to off-shore casinos.De Souza said, \"We have to also ensure that the rich and the famous visitors are given an opportunity to spend their money in Goa on leisure, fine dining, high-end sports and shopping. Without the above facilities there will not be a chance to earn revenues and hence it will not serve the purpose of inviting high-end tourists to Goa.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "17150733", "title": "Don't blame Punjab for haze in Delhi: Harsimrat Badal", "text": "ATTARI: Bathinda MP and Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal's wife Harsimrat Badal on Thursday asked Delhi government not to defame Punjab and blame stubble-burning in the state for the smog.Talking to mediapersons at Attari border before crossing over to Pakistan to pay obeisance at Gurdwara Nankana Sahib, Harsimrat said pollution was behind the hazy sky in Delhi and not the stubble-burning. The MP said Punjab is unnecessarily being held responsible for poor quality of air in Delhi and added that smog level could be high in Delhi due to vehicular pollution.\"Maybe Delhi government has not taken adequate steps to check pollution levels. Blaming Punjab is an attempt to defame the state,\" Harsimrat said, adding that stubble burning was not new in Punjab, but an annual phenomenon.\"I was also surprised to know that even the visiting Canadian delegation was holding Punjab and Haryana responsible for thick layer of haze over Delhi during dinner hosted by Prime Minister in Delhi,\" said Harsimrat.On Wednesday, Delhi government had blamed Punjab and Haryana for the smog saying the stubble-burning was increasing to the air pollution and causing the haze.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17148877", "title": "Students to be awarded for environment projects", "text": "PUNE: The state environment department has initiated 'Srushti Mitra Awards' to recognize innovative models, demonstrations, surveys and projects that students undertake in rural and urban areas on topics such as agriculture, biodiversity, climate change, energy, water, and traffic management.The award is aimed at encouraging and fostering the creativity of people, especially school and college students, in addressing the issues of environmentally-sustainable and socially-just development.The Centre for Environment Education (CEE), a centre of excellence of the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), will manage the award process with the environment department. The CEE has sent the poster on Srushti Mitra Award to 5,000 schools and colleges in all the districts of the state.According to the CEE, the initiative intends to promote environmental awareness and to recognize and acknowledge initiatives by school, college students and others and to encourage them to take actions beneficial to the environment. The most inspiring and creative entries will be felicitated with citation and honorarium. The principals and teachers of schools and colleges can encourage their students and help them submit their entries for the award.The entries for the Srushti Mitra Awards can be submitted under categories such as environment project, environment photograph, creative writing, environment slide show and logo with caption that should reflect the mission and work of the environment department.The environment projects must be an action project done by school and college students on local environmental issues related to conservation and restoration. NGOs that have done such projects with students can also send their entries.The entries could be reports on projects such as energy and water conservation, conservation of biodiversity, a natural area, green and open space, protection of natural resources such as rivers, lakes, ponds, hills, forest, garden, developing gardens of medicinal plant, rare trees, waste management, abatement of air, water, noise and soil pollution, stopping use of harmful chemicals such as pesticides, safe celebration of festivals, improving traffic conditions and safe access to school by students, encouraging walking, cycling and non-motorized modes of transport, promoting cleanliness and improving water and sanitation situations at school and neighbourhood, increasing social participation in local civic and social issues with authority.Projects which will involve communities and have social and economic benefits will be given preference. For more details log onto http://srushtimitraawards.blogspot.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17149240", "title": "Woman killed in road accident", "text": "PUNE: A woman riding pillion on a motorcycle died after her bike collided with another motorcycle. The incident took place on September 27 at old Sangvi. The woman's husband, who was severely injured in the incident, lodged a complaint with the Sangvi police station on Wednesday after his recovery.Investigating officer A R Khopkar said that the incident took place when Vasudha Milind Shivankar (32) and her husband, Milind (36), were returning home around 10 am on September 27. An unidentified motorcycle hit their two-wheeler from the rear and sped away.\"People rushed the couple to a private hospital in Aundh and later shifted them to another hospital, where Vasudha succumbed during the treatment,\" Khopkar said. adding, \"We are investigating further.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17151944", "title": "Anti-toll group welcomes Bhupinder Singh Hooda's move", "text": "GURGAON: Toll Hatao Sangharsh Samiti has welcomed Haryana chief minister's move to buy out Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway toll plaza.Bhupinder Singh Hooda had told TOI that his government was working on details to make the road toll-free. \"This is what we have been saying all this while. The government has ways and means to boy out the toll road in interest of the public,\" said Gaurav Singla , coordinator of Toll Hatao Sangharsh Samiti.he Samiti in past had demanded that the toll plaza should be removed since the private concessionaire had failed to decongest traffic in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17150173", "title": "Process for promotion of PCS makes PPS feel left out", "text": "LUCKNOW: For 145 PCS officers, it will be a special Diwali as department promotion committee (DPC)'s two-day meeting for their elevation as Indian Administrative Services (IAS) officers finally began on Wednesday and continued through Thursday. But, around 68 PPS officers, whose promotion as Indian Police Services (IPS) officers was due for eight months since Samajwadi Party came to power, are alleging their case has been ignored.Many PPS officers blame the Home department for not taking up their case with Union Public Service Commission in the right earnest as in case of the 145 PCS officers. The \"dilly-dally\" on part of the Home department is a cause of worry at a time of poor law and order situation rise in crime graph and communal tension throughout the state.Communal tension gripped Faizabad during Dussehra leaving one person dead and around 100 shops burnt, in reaction to which the state government removed the district magistrate and senior superintendent of police and divested ADG Jagmohan Yadav with charge of law and order. This is the eighth such incident in the state since Akhilesh-led Samajwadi Party was voted to power in March. In such a situation, the delay in elevating 68 PPS officers as IPS has done no good to improve law and order situation.Several PPS officers told TOI that proposal for the elevation of 68 of them was sent to UPSC on August 17 whereas the proposal for elevation of PCS officers to IAS was sent about a month later, yet, DPC for the PCS officers was set up today till Thursday while PPS officers continue to wait. One of the PPS officers speculates that since PCS officers have several counterparts posted in Home Department, they kept pursuing their case at UPSC and were able to get a date with the DPC. But, this is not the case with PPS officers, he added. The only officer, who had been pursuing their case at UPSC, was a joint secretary level officer, who retired on October 31. This is a case of apathy on the part of the Home department officials, rued another PPS officer.An officer told TOI that their DPC could not be held from 2009 till a few months of 2012, as reservation in promotion case was sub judice. But after the judgment, PPS officers had expected their case would be taken up fast but it never happened. Though similar was the situation for PCS officers and even their proposal was sent after the PPS officers' proposal, DPC meet for their elevation as IAS began today while PPS officers continue to wait.Time is running out for them and if their DPC was not held before 2012 ends, another 10 to 15 vacancies would come up owing to retirement and the present list will become longer, claimed a PPS officer posted in West UP, adding, a new proposal altogether will have to be send leading to further delay of a few months.When contacted, principal secretary (Home) R M Srivastava said, \"I have nothing to say about the PPS officers' claim\", but maintained that case of PPS officers was being pursued with the Union Public Service Commission in New Delhi. It is for the UPSC to fix a suitable date to hold a DPC meet for these officers. The principal secretary (home) informed TOI that some officers will be leaving for New Delhi on November 9 to seek a date for the DPC meet for PPS officers. Till then, this Diwali won't be as special for 68 PPS officers as it would be for the 145 PCS officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17151057", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMobile towers need to be relocated, not removed\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan High Court headed by Chief Justice Arun Mishra on Thursday clarified that the court is not asking for removal of the mobile towers, instead it wants relocation of these towers in order to secure health of children, sick and infirms at schools, hospitals and in thickly populated areas.\"Selling of fire-crackers was also regulated a few years back by the Supreme Court with detailed guidelines of not having storage near schools, hospitals etc as the fire-crackers are said to be hazardous. Similarly, we are trying to relocate the towers and asking for the same. Our intention is not to remove the towers at all,\" said the Chief Justice while responding to a battery of defence lawyers led by advocate Bajrang Lal Sharma.It was contended by senior advocates appearing for tower companies and other mobile units related associations that the high court has no jurisdiction to interfere in the matter, especially that it cannot ask the state government to frame a policy for the relocation of the mobile towers. It is a job specifically left for the Union government.Senior advocate Gopal Subramaniam, appearing for COAI, will open his arguments on Friday. The matter will be heard for final disposal by the bench on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "17150627", "title": "Darjeeling village gets a taste of 'poribartan'", "text": "DARJEELING: Lamahatta now boasts of being an eco-tourist destination. But even a year back the villagers found it hard to make ends meet. Wondering how? A few minutes out of Mamata Banerjee's busy schedule is all it took for this drastic \"poribartan\".\"I still feel that I am dreaming. Just imagine what wonders can happen when the chief minister spares some time for people like us. We villagers are really thankful to her for her vision,\" said a beaming Pemba Tsering Sherpa, who now offers tents to tourists for their stay in this picturesque village, just off the main road leading to Kalimpong and Sikkim.During her travel to Kalimpong from Darjeeling last year, Mamata - smitten by the scenic beauty - had stopped at Lamahatta to take photographs. She had advised her troupe to convert it into a tourism spot. The North Bengal development (NBD) department of the state government, the West Bengal Tourism Development Corporation ( WBTDC) and the Darjeeling Forest Division are working jointly to develop the village, 20km from Darjeeling town in Takdah.Seven houses of the villagers have been converted into home-stay facility, while three have been converted into tent houses. The end target is to have about 35-40 tourist cottages and tent houses. Rates for the houses have been fixed at Rs 1000 per room, but for the tents one has to shell out Rs 2000. The tourism department is funding the project through the NBD department, while the forest department is executing the renovation work.Major attractions are the park and well manicured garden within the village. A trekking route has also been built that will lead tourists though the pine tree maze to two beautiful ponds locally called \"jore pokhari\" (twin ponds). Seats at vantage points have been placed with a watch tower overlooking the surroundings.The forest division has plans to construct a meditation centre and a coffee house in the village. Though not located inside the forest, tourists if lucky can run into barking deer, leopards and civets along the trekking trail.\"The eco-tourism will certainly benefit the villagers with tourist flow. Besides, it will also act as a means to conserve nature and the surrounding forest areas,\" said B R Sewa, the divisional forest officer.The forest division has taken the local forest protection committee on board to ensure smooth functioning of tourism in the area. \"We want the villagers to feel that it is their endeavour. I believe this initiative can be a model for similar efforts in the region,\" Sewa added. The forest division is also conducting workshops for the villagers in hospitality service.\"Now we have an alternative source of income. In fact, once the tourist flow gets going, our village will turn global,\" said Sujata Chhetri, a resident of the village which thrived on agriculture until now. The project is likely to be completed by end November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17153693", "title": "National team footballer signed up by lifestyle brand", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a first for Indian football , lifestyle brand Medifit and Chisel has chosen to sponsor national team striker Robin Singh after roping him as brand ambassador for its chain of fitness centres, spas, salons and fashion accessories.In an event celebrating the re-launch of Chisel in Bangalore on Wednesday, Delhi-based Robin was unveiled as its face for the forthcoming year.Chisel is a lifestyle brand created by Medifit Consultants Pvt. Limited.The East Bengal striker was seen as an ideal fit and will utilise his services to promote the brand through visuals in the fitness centres, appearances and press events.Libero Sports India, who represents Robin, was instrumental in bringing both parties together to make the match.Robin was excited to team up with Chisel. \"I am thankful to Chisel, and Libero Sports, for giving me this opportunity to represent the brand.It's a privilege to be associated with a fitness brand as being an athlete, one understands the importance of being fit and in shape, both mentally and physically,\" Robin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17151104", "title": "All crackers exceed sound limit: Government study", "text": "JAIPUR: A Central government study conducted earlier this year concluded that not a single firecracker available in the market was within the prescribed noise level limits set by the Supreme Court.A test of 846 firecrackers made by 144 manufacturers in Sivakasi, Tamil Nadu - the hub of firecracker production in the country - showed that the minimum noise level these firecrackers generated was 120 decibels (dB) against the Supreme Court-mandated 105dB for a string of crackers. The noise limit for a single cracker is 125dB. The maximum noise these tested firecrackers generated was 146.8dB.The tests were carried out by the Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organization (PESO) in March this year. PESO tested firecrackers such as 'atom' bombs (King of Kings, King Kong, Hydrogen Bomb, Bullet Bomb) and other bombs both big and small; 'dynamite'; Chinese crackers (strings of 1,000, 2,000 and 5,000) and maroons (Laxmi 3 1/2, Laxmi 4, Spiderman, Garuda and Parrot), among others.There are 700 firecracker factories in Sivakasi and only four PESO officers to test and monitor the products. Dr S M Mannan, controller of explosives, PESO, said, \"We are doing the best we can.\" Officials from the explosives department said their task was made more difficult by the fact that firecracker making is a cottage industry and they are manufactured manually.\"Right from the mixing of chemicals to filling them in tiny boxes and winding with a thread, everything is done manually. So the packaging of a firecracker is not uniform. Whatever samples we have taken were found to exceed the noise levels and their batches were destroyed,\" Mannan said.Anti-noise activists asserted that the law should be very strong for the manufacturers who make their products exceeding the desired decibels. \"It is not fair to say that the industry cannot be monitored properly. The authorities should be more agile and take stern actions,\" activist Rajnedra Khangarot said.In Jaipur, too, where two units have manufacturing licenses, all necessary actions that are prescribed under the act are taken PESO officials said. \"Our work is to ensure operational regulations are in place and safety measures are properly taken. We have conducted checks at manufacturing units in Jaipur and several store houses,\" a source said. However, the role of PESO in Jaipur is restricted as the Jaipur police commissionerate has granted permissions to various retailers but no concrete actions have been taken so far to check the decibels.Meanwhile, the Rajasthan State Pollution Control Board is also taking measures to check the noise pollution this Diwali. Apart from gauging the decibels at key areas in the city, the board has urged people to use crackers which are within the prescribed limits. \"Fireworks create deafening sound which is very harmful to humans and particularly to old and small kids,\" said D N Pandey, member secretary, RSPCB. \"So it is advisable to use low decibel crackers and if possible avoid it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "17149973", "title": "St Joseph's Seminary celebrates 50 years", "text": "DIBRUGARH: The two-day golden jubilee celebration of St Joseph's Seminary, Dibrugarh, concluded on Thursday. Established in January 1962 under the initiative of Reverend Orestes Marengo, the first bishop of Dibrugarh, the seminary holds the distinction of being the first institution in northeast India for grooming future Catholic priests.Since its inception, around 1,800 students from Assam, Manipur, Nagaland, Jharkhand, Orissa, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Goa and Maharashtra have passed out of the seminary and 174 of them have been ordained as priests.On Thursday, the archbishop of Guwahati, Reverend John Moolachira, accompanied by Bishop Michael Akasius Toppo, Bishop Emeritus Robert Kerketta of Tezpur diocese and Bishop Joseph Aind of Dibrugarh diocese participated in the holy Eucharist ceremony along with more than 200 priests, nuns and parishioners.A seminar was also held, which was attended by past pupils of the seminary, followed by a cultural programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17151503", "title": "Aborigines promised facilities", "text": "MYSORE: National ST Commission chairman Rameshwar Oraon on Thursday said that tribals and aborigines living inside the forest areas are entitled for individual and group rights as per the provisions of Forest Act (2006), and \"nobody has the powers to snatch their rights to collect and sell minor forest produces\".Speaking to tribals at a community hall in Heggadadevankote town after visiting tribal haadis (hamlets) in the district, Oraon said that tribals are entitled for uniform facilities envisaged in the new act and the state governments are bound by the law and its implementation.Oraon said that the Centre has fixed prices for minor forest produces and state governments should ensure tribals got the prices legally fixed by the government. \"This would automatically eliminate the exploitation of tribals by middlemen and contractors,\" he added.The chairman said that the government is planning to bring in a law to prevent encroachment, transfer or sale of land allotted to tribals , and if the government intends to take over such land for public purpose, it has to pay four times the price of the land to land-losing aborigines.At haadis, when chairman enquired tribals on whether they are getting foodgrains, water and electric supply, anganwadi and schooling facilities to their children, many tribals answered in the negative, forcing Oraon to speak to officials present at the spot. \"I will take up the matter with state chief secretary tomorrow in Bangalore and I'm also meeting the governor where I will discuss your problems,\" he assured the tribals. He warned the officials accompanying him to see that no lapses occur in providing facilities to tribals as per law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17150223", "title": "UGC-NET aspirants to get admit cards online", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Deviating from the past practice, University's Grants Commission (UGC) will distribute admit cards to the National Eligibility Test (NET) aspirants for December exam online through its website. The admit cards will be uploaded on UGC website can be downloaded by the aspirants.The move will save candidates from waiting in long queues for collecting the admit card. Other details like exam centres for Allahabad candidates will be available on the Allahabad University website. The NET will be held on December 30.The last date for applying online is November 16 while that for receiving the printout of online application form and attendance slip (one copy) at the respective coordinating university opted by the candidate (with fee receipt &amp; category certificate) is November 22.The notification states that \"no admission card will be issued by the respective NET coordinating universities/colleges. Candidates are requested to ascertain their venue of the test/seating arrangement from the website of the respective NET Coordinating University/College and note it in their printout of online admission card at least 10 days before the test, ie, upto December 20, 2012\".Till now, the admit cards here were being issued from AU NET coordinator's office. AU NET coordinator Prof Mata Amber Tewari said arrangements of centres in Allahabad were being made estimating the number of candidates being around 30,000. He said the university may leave out centres where exam officials had encountered problems last time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17150726", "title": "Lokayukta raids seven public servants", "text": "BANGALORE: Lokayukta police on Thursday conducted simultaneous raids on seven public servants, including a personal assistant to Mulbagal MLA and municipal member of Chamarajanagar, and unearthed movable and immovable properties worth over Rs 5.75 crore from them.Lokayukta additional director general of police HNS Rao said the raids were conducted at 21 premises belonging to all these government servants, including at Bangalore, Bijapur, Chamarajanagar, Davanagere, Ranebennur, Kolar, Mulbagal and Mysore districts. Criminal cases under Prevention of Corruption Act were registered against them on Wednesday, he added.Vijayanama Maralingappa Chour, chief accounts officer of Bijapur zilla panchayat, was found to be in possession assets worth 647% of his known sources of income.The worth of the assets found with Nanjundaswamy, city municipal member of Chamarajanagar, was 273% of his known sources of income.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17151147", "title": "Dengue death? BMC awaits report", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC is waiting for the post-mortem report of a 35-year-old autorickshaw driver from Dahisar, who died after he was taken to hospital while reportedly suffering from dengue.Mahendra Yadav was admitted to Anjoo Hospital and Trauma Care Centre on Saturday.He died on Monday. The BMC, however, said it was too early to conclude that the death was caused by dengue.\"We will wait for the post-mortem report, which will help decide if dengue is responsible for Yadav's death,\" said Dr Mangala Gomare, head of the BMC's epidemiology cell. What's more, the BMC has clarified that there have been three deaths due to dengue till now.Film-maker Yash Chopra's death, too, is yet to be counted as one caused by dengue. \"All documents pertaining to Chopra's medical history are being reviewed by the government. The cause of death has not yet been decided upon. There have been three dengue deaths in the city till now,\" said Gomare. Chopra's records have been sent to National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme officials.27 cases in Nov: Going by the BMC data, 27 people have tested positive for dengue in the first week of November. \"There have been 758 dengue-positive cases this year,\" said Gomare. \"Our vector-control activities and preventive measures have led to a fall in the number of dengue cases as compared to the past two months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17149629", "title": "People's Liberation Front of India bandh in Ranchi evokes mixed response", "text": "RANCHI: The day-long Ranchi bandh on Thursday, called by People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) in support of tribals who have been opposing forceful acquisition of agricultural land in Nagri, got mixed response. The government has acquired 227 acres of land in Nagri to construct permanent campuses of IIM Ranchi, National Law University and other educational institutions. Over 500 households in the village have been opposing the land acquisition since April.Suspected PLFI rebels tried to set ablaze a truck in Lalgutuwa locality on Thursday evening. Though the rebels set the truck on fire, police doused it and saved the truck from major damages. \"It is being investigated whether PLFI rebels played a role or it was the handiwork of some anti-social elements,\" said rural SP A V Minz. No effect of the bandh was witnessed in urban Ranchi.The bandh partially affected daily activities in Bedo, Lapung, rural parts of Namkum, and Mandar. Less number of vehicles plied in these areas. No affect of thebandh was felt in Tamar, Bundu, Sonathatu and adjoining areas. \"Long-range and general patrolling were beefed up in rural parts of the district,\" said Minz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151396", "title": "Woman, two kids attempt suicide in front of police commissioner\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s office", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old woman attempted self-immolation along with her two children in front of the police commissioner's office on Thursday alleging that police failed to act against her in-laws for torturing her.Police said Parameshwari of Ambattur reached the commissioner's office with her daughter Lavanya (8) and son Shyam (5) at 11.15am and was dousing her children with kerosene when policemen there rushed to the spot and took them to the Egmore police station. Parameshwari was also soaked in kerosene, police said.The woman told police that her in-laws subjected her to harassment and fought over trivial issues. She had lodged a complaint against her father-in-law Subramani and mother-in-law Papathi with the Ambattur police who had not acted, she said.Police later informed her husband Ramesh who came to the Egmore police station. He told police his wife had frequent quarrels with his parents and that they had sorted out the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149256", "title": "Vidharbha's first generic med shop to open in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Case 1: Popular brands like Crocin and Calpol cost Rs 11 each while its generic version known as Paracetamol costs Rs 2.45 for a strip of 10 tabletsCase 2: Nexavar, used for treatment of liver and kidney cancer costs Rs 3 lakh per month for 120 tablets, but its generic version is available for Rs 7,000. Similarly, Glivec, a product of a multinational company, used for treating cancer patients costs over Rs 1.14 lakh, but its generic version, manufactured by an Indian company, is available for just Rs 850A large number of patients cannot afford such branded medicines. Hence, they are prevented from getting proper treatment and also a chance to get cured. But now these patients can have a shot at getting proper treatment for the disease that afflicts them. City-based NGO Jan Manch has opened a 'Generic Medicine Shop' at Yadav Nagar near Itwari Railway Station. The shop will sell medicines at highly subsidized rates.Earlier, such shops are available only in Mumbai, but with the opening of this shop even Nagpurians will have access to cheap medicines. Interestingly, in US, about 80% patients use generic medicines and in UK the figure is 82%.People came to know about the availability of generic medicines when superstar Amir Khan advocated its use in his popular show Satyamev Jayate on May 27. In the programme he had urged the doctors to prescribe generic medicines, especially to those hailing from lower strata of society. He had also asked the consumers to insist on generic version while purchasing medicines.\"Inspired by him, we have decided to promote this concept in Nagpur and other cities of Vidarbha through our NGO,\" president of Jan Manch, Anil Kilor told TOI.He added that they plan to open a chain of such shops all over Vidarbha and these shops will be managed by unemployed pharmacy graduates. \"All kinds of medicines will be made available not only at much reduced price as compared to branded ones, but also at rates less than the MRP mentioned on it,\" Kilor, who is also a renowned lawyer, informed.Jan Manch's team comprises, retired employee of Maharashtra Antibiotics Limited Prabhakar Khonde, pharmacy shop owner Sanjay Bharde, and Kilor's wife Vaishali, who has a PhD degree in pharmacy. The shop will be officially inaugurated on November 11 by former Indian Medical Association (IMA) president Dr Ashok Adhao.\"We plan to appoint a doctor at the shop, so that patients can consult him for a nominal fee. For this we have already started approaching doctors from nearby areas to voluntarily provide their services for such a noble cause,\" Kilor informed.He, however, pointed out that without doctors' help, their shop will not be a success. So, they are planning to visit all medicos in the city in order to request them to prescribe generic drugs at least to poor and needy patients. Citing findings from a survey, he said that in India about 39 million people have been pushed to below poverty line (BPL) status on account of huge expenditure incurred on medicines and treatment.Union government also runs such shops under the name- Jan Aushadhi Store. Government is also planning to increase their number to 3,000 by 2016. However, none of its over 117 stores are there in Maharashtra. \"The government provides Rs 50,000 for opening such shops, but we haven't taken even a penny from them. We've collected funds from donors and lawyers. We are also in the process of collecting more funds for opening many such shops,\" Kilor said, adding that Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu have many such shops.He said that Jan Manch will also provide free home delivery of medicines to patients suffering from illness like cancer. \"We have an ambitious plan to set up a hospital offering similar facility to poor and are on lookout for donors who can donate one acre land for this noble initiative,\" Kilor informed. He pointed out that India was one of the largest exporters of generic medicines. It exports such medicines to over 200 countries, including the highly regulated markets of the US and Europe.What is a generic medicine?Explaining the difference, Kilor said that a generic medicine is identical or bioequivalent to a branded one in dosage, form, safety, strength, route of administration, quality, and performance characteristics. It has the same chemical composition as those of branded drugs but are sold under their chemical name. Companies don't popularize it as they don't get any profit from it.\"Even doctors don't prescribe generic drugs as pharma companies offer them foreign trips and gifts in order to promote branded ones,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150696", "title": "Stephen Harper sees Bollywood love plot in Canada-India ties", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Canada's 53-year-old premier Stephen Joseph Harper is tweeting a love story on India and Canada. \"Canada and India: a love story\", the prime minister, who visited Punjab on Wednesday, tweeted immediately after his trip.Along with his tweet , Harper, who has very good knowledge about the Bollywood movie plots, also posted a video where, while delivering a lecture at World Economic Forum in New Delhi, he is giving the example of young lovers in a Hindi film.\"There is a kind of parallel to Canada and India and in a typical Bollywood plot; two young people meet, they know they are meant for each other, but they have obstacles to overcome, they do in fact overcome those obstacles and there is a happy ending ensured and they do so before a viewer loses interest and it's a bit like how I see the relationship between Canada and India,\" he said during his speech.Harper and his wife Laureen visited Takht Kesgarh Sahib gurdwara and the Virasat-e-Khalsa complex at Anandpur Sahib, 80km from here, on Wednesday. Ignorant of the hustle-bustle going around them, Harper and Laureen were busy sightseeing and taking time to enjoy their personal moments while strolling across the sprawling Virasat-e-Khalsa complex. Despite restrictions on media, they also posed for photographs.Harper, who is on a seven-day visit to India, has also tweeted and uploaded exclusive photographs and videos of all major events of his date with Punjab, the land of legendary love stories of Heer-Ranjha, Sohni-Mahiwal and Mirza-Sahiba. He has also uploaded a photograph of him and his wife in front of the Taj Mahal and posted \"A tribute to love, the Taj Mahal became a gift of beauty to all mankind\".Harper Tweets:'Canada and India: a love story'.\"A tribute to love, the Taj Mahal became a gift of beauty to all mankind\"\"After watching their performance (bhangra-giddha), I got to meet some dancers at a restaurant in Chandigarh\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17148833", "title": "Mormugao civic council chief resigns", "text": "VASCO: The chairperson of the Mormugao Municipal Council (MMC), Sarika Palkar, submitted her resignation to the director of municipal administration on Wednesday evening. Palkar was the second chairperson of the new council.MMC's vice-chairperson Sudesh Kolgaonkar will hold charge in the absence of a chairperson.The council was formed in October 2010 and in October 2011, the first chairperson Suchita Shirodkar had resigned from the post after 'mutual understanding'. Palkar had then taken over as MMC chief and has resigned after one year. Palkar said, \"During my tenure of one year, I couldn't do much due to the code of conduct and monsoon.\"She was successful in appointing a consultant for the upgradation of the garbage treatment plant and works worth 2 lakh in each ward has started with the 50 lakh given by the directorate of municipal administration.The MMC is run by a 13-member ruling panel backed by Vasco MLA Carlos Almeida. The opposition seven-member panel is backed by former revenue minister Jose Philip D'Souza, and includes his wife and brother, both councillors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17149577", "title": "JCRPC begins probe into pupil suicide", "text": "RANCHI: A team of Jharkhand Child Rights Protection Commission (JCRPC) visited Oxford School on Thursday to probe into the suicide case of a student of the school.Student of Class XII, Prem Shankar Singh, committed suicide a week ago when he was forced to leave school after being charged by two of his teachers of stealing a bicycle of another student of the school.In his suicide note, Prem wrote that two teachers of his school Chandra Bhushan and Nisha Panna insulted him and accused him of stealing a bicycle.Member of JCRPC, Sanjay Mishra, said, \"We spent almost four and a half hours in the school and investigated at four levels. We spoke to the principal, director and students of the school and also visited the lodge in which the boy used to live where we spoke to the other residents.\"Mishra said this is just the first step of investigation. \"We have called the parents of the boy and we will also speak to the police about their findings. An FIR has been filed against the two teachers so we will have to summon them through police for enquiry,\" said Mishra.The investigation will be complete in 10-15 days after which JCRPC will submit the report to the government. Mishra said, \"Commenting now would not be appropriate, but after the investigation today we do think that there is something suspicious in the matter. Also on speaking to some other children from the school we came across several other cases in which right to education is being infringed upon but we cannot disclose everything now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17150033", "title": "20,000 take to streets in Anna rally", "text": "GUWAHATI: Thousands of Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) activists literally besieged the busy GNB Road here for hours after anti-graft activist Anna Hazare flagged off a massive procession from Chandmari field in the city on Thursday.The activists, led by KMSS general secretary and former Team Anna member Akhil Gogoi, marched from Chandmari to Guwahati Club, demanding land rights for landless citizens, respite from flood and erosion and solution to the foreigners' problem. Observers estimated about 20,000 activists took part in the procession and said it was one of the largest gatherings of people in recent years. Traffic came to standstill for more than an hour due to the rally.Earlier in the day, Anna attended KMSS's national conclave on the influx problem, big dams, land rights and floods and erosion at Chandmari field. He came down heavily on the Manmohan Singh government, alleging that land, water and even forests were handed over to foreign companies and corporate houses at the cost of farmers. Anna said the situation in the northeast is no better.\"The condition of farmers is getting worse every day as the government is more inclined towards inviting foreign companies and corporate houses to do business in the country. The government is proactive in formulating policies for foreign companies and corporate houses, rather than for the welfare of farmers,\" Anna said.\"Delhi has become the place where all decisions on which company will be given land in which place are taken. Farmers and local people are not consulted. Our demand is that Gram Sabhas should be made more powerful and legislation should be made so that permission from Gram Sabhas is a must for procuring land,\" he added.Anna said the next phase of his anti-corruption agitation from next year would also focus on farmers' rights. \"I will tour the country from January next year. I will meet people and address meetings on Jan Lokpal and farmers' rights. I will also come to Assam to address such meetings during my forthcoming tour,\" Anna said.The procession was stopped by the Kamrup (metro) district administration at Guwahati Club area after the activists had marched about three km from the conclave venue.Officials, in the presence of a large deployment of police, paramilitary forces and riot control vehicles, barred the procession to move further. But Akhil and his supporters were insistent on moving ahead and submitting their memorandum to deputy commissioner Ashutosh Agnihotri. After discussions with the officials, Akhil and his supporters were allowed to move up to adjoining C K Agarwalla Road.Once the activists reached the road, they squatted on the ground, insisting they would not leave the spot till the deputy commissioner came to them and accepted the memorandum. As the stand-off continued, Akhil and other KMSS leaders kept egging the crowd with slogans and speeches.\"Unless the state government gives us an assurance about providing land rights to landless people and ensures rights of local people over natural resources, we are not going to clear the road. We also want to know from the government the progress made in granting land rights,\" Akhil said.After almost two hours, the protesters cleared the road only when additional deputy commissioner Mrinal Gogoi announced before the crowd that the administration would start the process of arranging a meeting between chief minister and the KMSS delegation within one month.Akhil responded with a threat of a more vigorous agitation if the government failed to hold a meeting within one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17151676", "title": "Gujarat University staff on poll duty has students worried", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "allahabad ", "code": "17150346", "title": "Robotic skills enthrall at Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology fest", "text": "ALLAHABAD : There was all-round excitement on Thursday at the 'Robomania' event as part of the ongoing Avishkar festival at Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology. Students from National Institute of Technology-Patna, Harcourt Butler Technology Institute-Kanpur, United College of Engineering and Research-Allahabad, Birla Institute of Technology-Kanpur, Institute of Technology &amp; Management-Gorakhpur and Indian Institute of Information Technology-Allahabad joined the students of MNNIT-A to compete in as well as enjoy robotic skills.The event comprised rounds such as 'Aladdin', a competition of autonomous robots and 'Robogolf', in which a golf arena was built for robots to push the ball into holes, as enthusiastic participants were cheered by the audience. Avishkar has been providing a huge platform for creative minds who know what it takes to build these miracles of technology. The event 'Saksham' tested a robot on its ability to cross a path filled with pebbles, sand and more hurdles.Robotics fascinates students new to the field of engineering, hence, to boost their imagination, the event 'Real Steel' was organized in which autonomous and manual robots like the line-follower were built by budding engineers and they challenged the 'Robosumos' of the rival team. Another interesting arena in the event was the Prison Break where robots built on the Digital Image Processing technology pushed colored boxes to the correct corners. Winning teams got prizes.The final rounds comprised events like Combo Magic, Insomnia, Cyberquest, Open Design, Da Vinci Code, Trailblaze, Connections, Double Helix and Bridges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17148767", "title": "Finally, a wall for Nerul river", "text": "CALANGUTE: The water resources department on Thursday began the work of constructing a retaining wall on the Candolim side of the Nerul river.The retaining wall, being built at a cost of 4.61 crore, will start from under the Nerul bridge and extend over a kilometre m towards the Orda ward of Candolim village.The foundation stone for 'Restoration of the bund from Nerul bridge to John Nazareth house at Candolim' was laid during the previous government's tenure, on August 30, 2011, by then MLA Agnelo Fernandes.The work on the 4 m-wide wall could not start for various reasons, said Calangute MLA Michael Lobo, who broke the traditional coconut to start the work on Thursday.The work has been awarded to Margao-based Apollo engineers and contractors, whose head, Kiran Naik was present at the ceremony along with WRD assistant engineer R P Shetye and others. Candolim panchayat members were conspicuous by their absence.Shetye told TOI that the wall will have two sluice gates to regulate the inflow of saline water (the river here is very close to the sea) into the surrounding khazan lands.\"The river water has been entering the surrounding fields and making them and the wells in the area saline. The wall will arrest this problem,\" he said. Lobo said that this was one of the projects in his constituency taken up on priority by the new state government.\"The old wall was washed away and there was a proposal to build a new one. Once it is completed in eight months, it will become a tourist attraction. We can put up benches, a walking path, people can come fishing,\" he said about the picturesque area surrounded by mangroves.\"In Calangute, around 10 foundation stones were laid for various projects, but none were executed. The foundation stone for the Baga beautification project was laid two years ago and even the money had come from the Centre, but nothing was done. The foundation stone for the new Arpora bridge was also laid, but no land acquisition was done,\" Lobo alleged, adding that all these projects are being taken up on a priority by the new state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17149563", "title": "Ranchi Municipal Corporation meets deadline, clears all building plans", "text": "RANCHI: Officials at the Ranchi Municipal Corporation put in a great deal of effort to meet the Thursday deadline of regularizing building plans for both residential and commercial spaces. Deputy CEO Gopalji Tiwari and the executive engineer were seen putting in long hours on Wednesday night clearing files.\"Our engineers worked round the clock for the past three months to clear all pending plans. Only the signatures were left and they were done over the last two days,\" said the chief executive officer, Deepankar Panda.Over 700 plans were submitted for approval by various builders, out of which 200 were rejected for not conforming to the rules standardized by the Building Regularization Act, 2011. \"The plans were categorized under three heads: rejected, accepted and conditionally accepted,\" said Panda.Buildings which did not have \"front setback\", mandated space to be left open before construction, were \"conditionally accepted\".\"We approved the other parts of the building plans which were categorized under 'conditionally accepted' and gave builders a time of three months to do the needful and get a clearance certificate from us,\" added Panda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17151685", "title": "Three troopers killed in Karachi suicide bombing", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least three troopers were killed and 26 others, including five civilians, injured when a suicide bomber rammed a mini truck packed with explosives into the headquarters of paramilitary Pakistan Rangers in Karachi's North Nazimabad area on Thursday.The attack on Rangers, tasked with helping Karachi police to maintain security, came before dawn when many residents were asleep and offices were yet to open. The bombing also coincided with a high-profile annual defence equipment exhibition in Karachi.The high-intensity explosion severely damaged the two storied building, a section of which later collapsed. Parts of the building had caught fire.Witnesses said the blast was heard across a large area and images from the site showed a scene of destruction, including a building with its front ripped off. It also caused damage to the nearby buildings shattering their windows.Provincial police chief Fayyaz Laghari said tight security measures in force at the base had prevented major loss of life.\"The vehicle exploded before the gate of Rangers' complex because it could not enter inside due to high security,\" Laghari said. A police officer said around 150kg explosives were used in the blast.Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack. \"The attack was revenge for the arrest, torture and killing of our people by security forces,\" said Sirajuddin Ahmed, spokesman for Taliban's Swat faction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17148939", "title": "Civic organizations object to additional floor space index", "text": "PUNE: Various civic organizations and activists have objected to allocation of additional floor space index (FSI) in the Development Plan (DP) for the old city area.The DP has paved way for more roads, constructions and allocation of additional FSI. Expecting proliferation of high-rise buildings, it has also proposed that high-rise rules of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation be applicable to the city.The DP has proposed 50 km metro rail alignments. It has mooted four FSI if developers construct parking lots near the metro stations, railway stations and government offices and hand it over to the PMC.\"If all the proposed FSI is allocated, it will add over 126 crore sq ft construction in the city. Over 16 lakh flats measuring 750 sq ft will be constructed to accommodate around 84 lakh people. The civic administration and the elected members have not considered the consequences of allocation of additional FSI in the city,\" said activist Vijay Kumbhar.Additional FSI will also be given to fitness centres in housing societies and to developers who construct colonies for conservancy staff. FSI of 2.5 is allocated for development of flood-affected houses, as well as for MHADA housingprojects. The state governmenthas approved a scheme which grants additional 2.5 FSI for housing societies for backward classes. The DP has proposed this additional FSI for housing societies for other communities, but by paying premium rates. Cluster development in densely populated areas will get 2.5 FSI, while in scattered population the FSI will be 3.\"The administration and elected representatives has only insisted on FSI.Can only additional FSI incentives help Pune move towards sustainable development? Or will it cause further degradation of the city?\" asked Poorva Keskar of Pune Janhit Aghadi.Various other organizations have also raised similar objections over the DP.The civic administration is scheduled to make a detailed presentation before the corporators on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150087", "title": "4 DG-rank posts vacant for 4 months", "text": "PATNA: It is an irony of the Bihar police that four of six DG posts, including a cadre post of DG (training), have been lying vacant for the last four months. As per rule, if a cadre post lies vacant for six months, it lapses automatically.Only two DGs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d DGP Abhayanand and DG (civil defence) R C Sinha, both 1977 batch \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are functioning in the state. Two officers of 1978 batch such as RR Verma is posted in Delhi as special DG CISF while P M Nair is DG (NDRF). There is no hope that these two officers would return to their parent cadre Bihar in near future while yet another IPS officer of 1979 batch Anil Sinha is on deputation as additional secretary CVC.Three officers of 1979 batch \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Krishna Chowdhary (director Bihar Police Academy), AC Verma (additional DG, training) and Amrik Singh Nimbran (ADG CID) are awaiting their turn to become DG after superannuation of V Narayanan on July 31 this year. Now with the retirement of DG-cum-chairman police building construction corporation Ashok Gupta on October 31, the 1980 batch IPS Sunit Kumar, who is at present chairman of constable recruitment board, has also become eligible for elevation to the DG rank.However, Sunit's elevation is unlikely as of now as the state government by virtue of norms promote all officers of one batch at the same time. With four vacancies in DG rank lying vacant, the chance of ADG state vigilance investigation bureau P K Thakur, who is also of 1980 batch, getting promotion will be delayed little until someone from the 1979 batch leaves for central deputation. In all likelihood, A C Verma would leave for central deputation as his name also figures in the state's offer list.According to informed sources promotion of 1979 batch IPS officers to the DG rank, in all likelihood, would take place after the chief minister Nitish Kumar's return from Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17150063", "title": "'TMC to contest only winnable LS seats in UP'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Trinamool Congress has decided to contest only on a few seats in UP during 2014 Lok Sabha elections. Speaking to reporters, president of UP Trinamool Congress, Shyam Sunder Sharma said the party will focus only on possible winnable seats. This is the first time that the party spelled out its strategy vis-a-vis Lok Sabha seats from UP. \"The party will also hold district and divisional level conventions in a bid to garner support for itself,\" said Sharma, TMC MLA from Mant. Sharma won the seat in the by-elections after it was vacated by RLD national general secretary and Mathura MP, Jayant Chaudhary .Party state general secretary Sanjiv Mishra said the recent decisions of the Centre to allow foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail sector, lowering the subsidy on LPG and diesel has not gone down well with the people. \"This will be party's ammunition against the Congress in the run up to the Lok Sabha elections,\" Mishra said.TMC had been in touch with the Samajwadi Party for organising a rally in Lucknow against FDI in multi-brand retail. In October, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had criticised UPA government over FDI.The Trinamool Congress chief had said she would invite Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and his son Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav to join her rally against FDI in Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17150583", "title": "Another arrested in assault/turban removal case", "text": "JALANDHAR: Police have arrested another accused for Tuesday's clash on Cool Road in which three persons were injured and an independent councillor and his associates were booked in attempt to murder and hurting religious sentiments cases.The main accused, Jatinder Saabi, was arrested on Tuesday night. On Thursday evening, police arrested Rupinder alias Raja, who was caught on camera pulling victim Amarjit Singh's hair after removing his turban, while thrashing him badly in presence of police. Councillor Amit Dhall, his brother and former councillor Dinesh Dhall were also caught on camera by media lensmen while thrashing Amarjit in presence of police.Four police personnel were placed under suspension while the roles of SHO of police division No. 6 and another inspector of traffic police are also under the scanner of police brass as the latter were informed about the clash, but did not intervene.Meanwhile, Sikh organizations held a meeting on Thursday evening and demanded that rest of the accused be arrested at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17149458", "title": "Sri Lankan civic body to visit Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A 10-member team from Kotte Municipal Corporation from neighbouring Sri Lanka is slated to visit Bhubaneswar as a part of a 'Sister City' exchange programme. Kotte civic body is only 14 years old and is interested in learning from the practices adopted by Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC).Sri Lankan mayor Ranawaka along with nine other officials, arriving on November 25, will visit the BMC and some places of Buddhist interest here.The Sri Lankan civic body came to know about BMC from an NGO 'Practical Action Group', which facilitates linkage between foreign civic bodies, said BMC commissioner Sanjib Kumar Mishra. \"The NGO furnished the information about our corporation to Kotte, following which they contacted us,\" said the commissioner.\"Kotte is interested in knowing about the sewage, water treatment plant and funding sources of the BMC. Besides, they also plan to visit Buddhist sites at Lalitgiri,\" the commissioner informed, adding the BMC will also quiz the visiting team about practices and procedures followed in their corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17149160", "title": "Done. P9ATS arrests mobile phone shop owner for forging documents", "text": "PUNE: The anti-terrorism squad (ATS), Pune, on Thursday, arrested a cell phone shop owner from Dighi for allegedly forging documents to sell prepaid SIM cards.Ganpat Garg (42), owner of Narsimha and Hari Om Sales, was arrested by an ATS team headed by inspector Milind Gaikwad following a tip-off. The ATS said Garg used to keep a copy of documents like identity and address proof provided by genuine customers and misuse them to sell prepaid SIM cards to people who could not provide their own identity and address proof. The ATS seized 50 SIM cards of two cell phone companies, 25 photos and election identity cards from Garg's shop.Garg, from Madhavpur in Rajasthan, was arrested under sections 467 (forgery), 471 (using a forged document) and 474 (possession of forged documents) of the Indian Penal Code. He was produced before judicial magistrate first class S S Bose. The court sent him to police custody till November 14. Assistant public prosecutor A V Ausekar argued before the court that Garg's custodial interrogation was required for 14 days to find out if he had sold SIM cards to people from terror outfits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17149675", "title": "Cops' sons held, jailed for beating 2 students", "text": "BHOPAL: Two engineering students were allegedly kept in confinement for all night and beaten black and blue by five youths-all sons of policemen. The incident took place in Kamla Nagar. Victims were found unconscious when a police team reached the spot on Wednesday afternoon.The police said Krishna Kumar Giri and Brijendra, who hail from Rewa, are students of private engineering colleges in the city. They live together in a rented accommodation in Kotra Sultanabad area. The duo had gone to a petrol pump in Nehru Nagar where they had an argument with five youths, identified as Indrajeet Yadav, Surendra, Virendra Singh, Pankaj and Ajju.Police said the duo returned to their room after some time. However, the five accused in question also reached their room and beat them up severely for the whole night. The accused confined both the victims and kept them beating till they fell unconscious. Later, in the morning, the accused took both the victims to Kaliasot dam and beat them up again there. They were again the two to their room in Kotra Sultanabad and started thrashing them.The incident came to the fore when one of the friends smelt a rat and informed the police. Subsequently, a team from Kamla Nagar police reached the spot and freed the two students. All the five accused were also there when the police reached there.Officials said they have been taken into custody and booked under sections 342 (wrong full confinement) 308 ( attempt to commit culpable homicide ) among other sections of the IPC. The two engineering students had been admitted to a hospital. The accused are sons of policemen and reside in Nehru Nagar police line. They were produced in the court and sent to jail, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17148786", "title": "Two booked for 'overseas jobs'", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police on Thursday booked two separate offences against two persons on charges of recruiting people for overseas employment without having necessary authorization or approvals thereby contravening the provisions of the Immigration Act, 1983.Police sources informed TOI that they received correspondence from the office of the commissioner of NRI affairs drawing their attention to advertisements published in local newspapers inviting applications from interested candidates for overseas jobs.Acting on the references, the police conducted inquiries and registered two separate offences against Mary Fernandes of Butica, Navelim, and Nancy Godinho of Shiroda, under Sections 420 and 511 of the Indian Penal Code and Sections 10 and 24 of the Immigration Act 1983.Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17151441", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcRise in potential area exaggerated'", "text": "NASHIK: Rubbishing the claims of fellow engineers that actual rise in irrigation potential area was 28% over the past decade, the whistleblower in the state water resource department, Vijay Pandhare, said the figures were spruced up to showcase performance.Pointing out that the increase in irrigation potential area would not be more than 18.30% by 2010-11, the outgoing chief engineer of the Maharashtra Engineers' Training Academy ( META), Pandhare said, \"There has been no scientific measurement of irrigated land carried out by the department since the past 15-20 years.\"He said the department also takes into consideration land irrigated by means of water from the well-which is not the part of irrigation and where farmer or user does not pay a penny for water used-to jack up the figures. \"The actual irrigated potential land was 18 lakh hectare and 11 lakh hectare was irrigated by wells, and this was how the figures reached 29 lakh hectare.\"Pandhare also dismissed the claim by engineers' body about Tarali dam. \"When 66 grouts were tested, the average strength came to only 58% of the required strength. It is hard to understand why the engineers were shielding the department? The construction was being challenged since 2004 when four out of five samples failed the test,\" he said.Pandhare said he would not be attempting to regroup people or officials to expose the truth. \"There are some with whom the things have not gone well. Any attempt for conversation has been closed by them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17152527", "title": "Andhra high court lifts life ban on Azharuddin", "text": "HYDERABAD: Twelve years after the BCCI imposed a life ban on Mohammad Azharuddin from playing cricket, the Andhra Pradesh High Court on Thursday set aside the decision of the cricket body.A bench of justices Ashutosh Mohanta and Krishna Mohan Reddy gave relief to former Indian skipper-turned-politician Azharuddin, allowing his appeal challenging the order of a local court, which had upheld the decision of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI).The bench lifted the ban agreeing with Azharuddin's counsel K Ramakant Reddy's argument that there was no evidence against the former cricketer that he succumbed to any pressure while playing cricket.The court also observed that the BCCI had proceeded against 49-year-old Azharuddin unilaterally and said the order of the trial court is unsustainable.The ban was imposed in 2000 by BCCI as per the suggestion of a three-member committee comprising its erstwhile president A C Muthaiah and two vice-presidents Kamal Morarka and K M Ram Prasad in the wake of allegations of match-fixing against Azharuddin.In a career spanning about 15 years, Azharuddin, known for his stylish batting, had played 334 ODIs and 99 test matches.Azharuddin later made a foray into politics and had won from Moradabad Lok Sabha constituency in Uttar Pradesh on a Congress ticket.Azharuddin was a relieved man after the life ban imposed on him for alleged involvement in match-fixing was set aside by the high court but said he will not take legal action against the BCCI.The 49-year-old, who is now a Lok Sabha MP from Moradabad in Uttar Pradesh, sought to struck a conciliatory note with the body which slapped him with the ban, saying that he would not want to blame anybody for the pain he suffered in the past 12 years.\"It was a long drawn out legal case and it was painful. We fought in the court for 11 years. There were lots of adjournments, changes in the case. But finally the verdict has come and I am happy that the ban has been lifted by the court,\" Azharuddin told a hastily-called press conference at his residence here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17149826", "title": "Lalu rubbishes Nitish\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s claims on investment climate", "text": "PURNIA: Making a determined bid to retrieve the political space, RJD chief Lalu Prasad on Thursday mocked at chief minister Nitish Kumar for his loud claims about creating a better investment climate in the state.Addressing an impressive gathering during his 'Parivartan Yatra' on the campus of Zila School, Purnia, Lalu said not only had the law and order situation eteriorated considerably but the investors, too, are yet to make any investment in the state. The RJD boss also lashed out at Nitish for trampling on the rights of the contractual teachers who wanted redressal of their genuine grievances. Instead of listening to their grievances, the CM asked the police to rain lathi blows on them and banned girls going to his meetings wearing black 'dupatta' and carrying umbrellas and pens, Lalu said.\"The government headed by Nitish Kumar is neck deep in corruption at all levels.The people's representatives and panchayat functionaries are reduced to nothing. I am here to invite you for participating in a still bigger stir to dislodge this most anti-people government which is plundering the state exchequer and given a free hand to criminals,\" said the RJD chief. Among those who spoke at the rally included RJD chief Ramchandra Purbe and leader of the opposition in state assembly Abdul Bari Siddiqui.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17150757", "title": "Audit of waste at all levels must", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP is accustomed to calling for large-order tenders like building flyovers, roads and bridges. Attempting to solve the garbage issue on exactly the same lines will simply not work. Unlike in infrastructure development projects, garbage disposal requires carefully crafted fool-proof processes, rigorous monitoring and end-to-end readiness.Before asking residents to start segregating by October 1, BBMP should have ensured the readiness of dry waste storage centres, wet waste disposal plans, trained pourakarmikas, supervisors, contractors etc. Without having the back-end in place, the garbage disposal problem is only getting worse.There is still some confusion among people about what is wet waste and what is dry waste. What we have come across during segregation at source is coconut shells / fiber, dry leaves, dry flowers, groundnut peels, egg shells, etc. getting into dry waste. These items look or feel dry due to low moisture content but are wet waste (biodegradable). One of the apartment complexes also segregated non-veg waste. This is needless as non-veg is wet waste and is biodegradable. Soiled paper/tissue is another point of confusion. Dry paper can be recycled whereas wet paper goes to wet waste. Paper is made from wood pulp and is biodegradable. Preference should, however, be for recycling unless it is wet or soiled.It's not enough if a few homes in an area do segregation. If, out of 25 homes in a block, 24 segregate waste and one dumps mixed waste, the whole effort becomes a pointless exercise. The pourakarmikas, supervisors and house-keeping staff in apartments need to be trained to do first-level audit of waste while they collect it. Pourakarmikas must refuse to collect waste tied up in plastic covers. Invariably, such bundles will contain mixed waste.The next level of audit should be done at the dry waste storage centre. Pourakarmikas must be empowered to identify and report homes/establishments that don't give away segregated waste.(The writer, who works with an IT major and is a resident of Rajarajeshwari Nagar, has implemented segregation at source in about 1,500 homes)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17149471", "title": "New terminal at Bhubaneswar ready for use", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Soumendra Prasad Rout was awe-struck when he landed at the glittering new terminal of Bhubaneswar airport on Thursday morning. A frequent flier from Port Blair , he found the new terminal in stark contrast to the old one. \"It's fantastic. Finally people of Odisha can boast of a well-designed and up-to-date airport unlike the previous one, which was congested,\" he smiled.Biju Patnaik Airport authorities successfully conducted the trial run of the arrival lounge in its new terminal here on Thursday with the offloading of passengers of a Port Blair-Bhubaneswar flight. The Air India flight carrying 18 passengers successfully docked to the new terminal, airport authorities said.\"The trial run was conducted to ensure proper functioning of all facilities. Everything was very smooth and it was appreciated by passengers, airlines and security people,\" said airport director Sharad Kumar. \"With the success of the arrival trial we are planning a departure trial by end of this month,\" said Kumar.\"I am delighted to know that I am one of the first passengers in the new terminal. They treated us like celebrities. The new terminal is a milestone for Odisha and now we are all waiting for the airport to go international,\" said Minati Chaudhury, a frequent flier.\"The facilities are really good, now Bhubaneswar has matched up the level of big cities. This new facility will attract more tourists to the state, which has so much tourism potential,\" reiterated Kundanlal Meena, a tourist from Andaman.The construction of the new terminal, spread across an area of 2,00,000 sq ft, is in its last phase. The new terminal, with an estimated cost of Rs 145 crore, has a peak hour capacity of nine aircrafts and 800 passengers with a power push back system in place.\"We are planning inauguration of the new terminal by the end of December or in the first week of January, 2013, after which all domestic operations will shift to the new terminal and the old terminal will be modified for international operations,\" the director said.\"We checked the air-handling units, power supply, conveyor belt, lightings and other fittings. Everything was absolutely fine. Now only finishing work is left in the arrival lounge, after which the terminal will be ready for operations,\" said general manager (project), Anil Pathak.Once completed, the swanky terminal will have 18 check-in counters, four lifts, two escalators, two aero-bridges and security hold with seating capacity of 600. There will be three CIP (commercially important person) lounges and two VIP lounges. The building is provided with centralized air conditioning, building management system, digital PA and car calling system, fire fighting and sprinkler system. Besides, there will be three arrival conveyor belts of 250 feet length each for fast clearance of baggage. Parking area for 400 cars/taxis and 10 coaches in addition to the existing facility has also been provided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17152888", "title": "American Bedoya scores first European goal", "text": "American Alejandro Bedoya scored his first European goal for Helsingborg in 3-2 loss at Group L leader Hannover in Europa League play Thursday.Bedoya, who has been playing in Europe since 2009, tied it at 2 in the 67th minute, and Hannover's Szabolcs Huszti scored on a penalty kick in stoppage time. American right back Steve Cherundolo played for Hannover.Inter Milan and Lyon were among the six teams to qualify for the Europa League second round, and defending champion Atletico Madrid's 16-match winning streak ended.Liverpool's qualification hopes took a dive by losing 1-0 at wealthy Russian club Anzhi Makhachkala in Group A, while Edinson Cavani scored all of Napoli's goals in a 4-2 win over Dnipro to revive the Italian team's chances in Group F.Inter joined Rubin Kazan in progressing from Group H with two games to spare by easing past Partizan Belgrade 3-1, and Lyon ensured a top-two finish in Group I by winning 3-2 at last season's beaten finalist, Athletic Bilbao, which slumped to a third loss in four matches.Bayer Leverkusen, Metalist Kharkiv and Hannover were the other teams to advance with victories, but Atletico lost 2-0 at Academica in Group B - the Portuguese team's first win in Europe in 43 years.Jermain Defoe scored a hat trick in Tottenham's 3-1 home win over Maribor that left the English club second in Group J, behind Lazio after its 3-0 victory over Panathinaikos.Five teams - Rosenborg, Rapid Vienna, Neftchi, Partizan Belgrade and Hapoel Tel-Aviv - were eliminated in the 48-club group stage, which resumes in two weeks.The top two teams in each group advance, where they will be joined by the eight third-place finishers in the Champions League groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150016", "title": "Youths in crime baffling policemen", "text": "PATNA: Apart from the crime syndicates active in Patna and its fringes, participation of youths in various types of crimes, including rape and kidnapping, is baffling policemen very much. In most cases, the arrested youths have no criminal background. This creates a lot of problems for policemen to locate them and put them behind the bar.All the six accused in the Ria gang rape case under Shastri Nagar police station on June 14, 2012, that stirred Patna, were in 16 to 25 years age group. In a gang rape case that took place at a private boys' lodge under Rajiv Nagar police station on September 9, 2012, all the five accused were college students.Satyajit, 22, was arrested from Bhuneshwari Chowk under Barh police station on August 24, 2012, for sending a threatening email to blow up the Beur jail.In all cases, the arrested youths have no criminal background. The police do not have to apply any kind of third degree treatment to confess their crime, said an official. \"All the gang rape accused during their interrogation wanted to marry the victim because they felt it could reduce their punishment,\" said the official. He further said, \"One accused also mentioned that 'filmon mein to heroine shadi kar leti hai aur criminal chhut jata hain'.\"\"The problem is not only high-end products or unemployment. The major problem behind youths' involvement in crime lies within. We never make our kids sexually and socially aware. They are very much receptive to catch information on sex other such acts,\" said Dr Aleem Siddiqui, Life Fellow of Indian Psychiatric Society.He said, \"Today's teens are exposed to more conflicting information about sex, crime, sleaze than ever before. Some schools offer counselling on birth control and sexual disease prevention. Others preach absolute abstinence. Magazines, movies, TV and Internet provide an array of sexual images.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149316", "title": "Mughal mosque: Status quo to stay", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday extended till December 5 its order for maintaining status quo at a park near Red Fort where an unauthorized mosque was allegedly built over the purported ruins of the Mughal-era Akbarabadi mosque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150315", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSay no to milk cake, Doda barfi this Diwali\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PATNA: Certainly sweets add to the festivity, but one needs to be very careful while purchasing them here during the ongoing festival season. For, with the huge demand for sweets, the fear of adulterated ones has come to haunt the city. The spurious sweets cannot only damage one's digestive system, but also cause blood pressure and gastroenteritis. Long-time consumption of these items may even damage one's liver and kidneys!Said a food and consumer protection department official, \"Avoid 'milk cake' and 'Doda barfi' at any cost before Diwali.\" Many of the local halwais, he said, use expired milk powder and mix them with liquid glucose and textile whitener and sulphurous acid to make milk cakes. Similarly, fermented and spurious unsold sweets, collected from sweets shops of the city, are mixed with chemicals and other substances and then fried to make 'Doda barfi'.\"During the past two days, the teams of food and consumer protection department raided five places where sweets were being made. They were in terribly unhygienic condition. The chemicals and liquid sugar being used by halwais there were certainly not edible,\" said Asish Kumar Singh, OSD, Bihar food and consumer protection department. He added, \"A few persons were arrested while some others are eluding the police.\" Besides, khoya, used for making various kinds of sweets, is adulterated by adding low-quality maida, oil and chemicals like sodium hydroxide, sodium carbonate, urea etc.Singh said, \"The modus operandi of mithaiwalas has changed with time. The buyers should not trust even the big names of sweet shops. Many of them do not prepare sweets themselves, but have fixed supplier for each of the items. They buy sweets on low rates and sell the products at much higher rates.\"The consumption of spurious sweets can lead to severe health problems, including blood pressure, gastroenteritis and stomach infection and a variety of other discomforts.After the raids, two FIRs have been lodged so far with the police by food and consumer protection department. The police have arrested two persons in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17148784", "title": "Cloudy skies leave days hot &amp; sticky", "text": "PANAJI: Humidity levels shot up much higher than normal over the last two days, especially during morning hours, causing sultry conditions and discomfort around, as the meteorological centre recorded 95% in the city.\"This is because the skies are cloudy and there was rainfall on November 1 and 2,\" said K V Singh, director, met centre, Altinho.The met centre recorded humidity levels of 95% on Wednesday and Thursday morning. \"This is +19% percent above the normal of 76%,\" a source at the met centre said. Earlier, the centre recorded humidity levels of 87% on Tuesday, 89% on Monday and 90% on Sunday morning.The evening humidity levels are marginally less. On Sunday, the met centre recorded 79%, 73% on Monday, 77% on Tuesday and Wednesday, and 75% on Thursday.\"The normal level in the evening is 66%, which means 75% on Thursday is +9% above normal,\" explained the source.The trend is likely to continue till the sky clears up and temperatures come down.The day temperatures, meanwhile, have stayed within the normal range, with the maximum, over the last five days, hovering between 29.5 degrees Celsius and 32.9 degrees Celsius.But a marginally-rising mercury has been affecting the minimum temperature over the last five days.The met centre recorded a minimum temperature of 24+, with 25.3 degrees Celsius on Wednesday being on the higher side. On Thursday, it went down slightly to 24.5 degrees Celsius, but still more than a degree above normal.The forecast for Panaji and neighbouring areas is partly cloudy skies with possibility of rains or thundershowers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17151181", "title": "Maderna to get treatment at private hospital", "text": "JODHPUR: After Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, another main accused in the Bhanwari Devi murder case, former minister Mahipal Maderna will get treatment in a private hospital in Jodhpur. Admitting his plea, the ACJM (SC/ST) court on Thursday permitted him to get treatment from a private hospital in the city.Maderna had moved an application in the court on Wednesday seeking treatment in a private hospital for suspected dengue. Objecting to the plea, the CBI argued in the court that if the jail administration expresses its inability to treat him in the jail, he may proceed further. \"There is a procedure by which, on refusal of the jail doctors, he has the path of approaching government hospitals. And if they also express their inability to treat him with the given facilities, then only he can approach a private hospital,\" argued CBI special counsel Ejaz Khan. But rejecting their arguments, magistrate Girish Kumar Sharma finally allowed Mahipal Maderna to get himself checked and receive treatment from Trinity Hospital of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17152081", "title": "HIL players' auction on December 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Hockey India League's (HIL) players' auction will take place in the Capital on December 1, nearly five weeks before the start of the league, Hockey India secretary general and HIL chairman Narinder Batra said on Thursday.Batra said the base prices for the players would vary from $3000 to $25,000. He also said that the teams will have a salary cap of Rs 3.5 crore each ($650,000).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17150032", "title": "Severe cold conditions in higher reaches of Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: Severe cold and below-zero temperature in the upper reaches of Himachal Pradesh has resulted in freezing of lakes and less discharge of water in the rivers, forcing the hydro-power dependent power-surplus state to rely on others for electricity.Against the daily power consumption of 242 lakh units, Himachal is now generating only 71 lakh units. State power controller Joginder Singh told TOI, \"To fill the gap, we are receiving 32 lakh units from other states. Remaining shortage is filled by purchasing power from energy exchange and overdrawing around 5-7 lakh unit from the northern grid.\"The Rohtang Pass , which connects Kullu district with Lahaul-Spiti district, is going to be closed for vehicular traffic from November 15. Many people from Namgia and Tashigang villages located close to China border in Kinnaur district have already migrated to Shimla and Solan.On Thursday, Keylong town of Lahaul-Spiti district recorded minimum temperature of minus 1.2, while Kalpa town of Kinnaur district was at 1.2. Tourist towns of Manali, Shimla and Dharamshala were at 1.4, 7.4 and 9.8, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150578", "title": "Reforms: Panjab University to bear extra cost", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University authorities proposed several reforms following a meeting with students, who had been protesting against price hike in meals, on Friday.Among the prominent initiatives in the reforms, one is a letter to be sent to K K Sharma, advisor to the UT administrator, soliciting help to obtain an LPG cylinder per hostel student per year at subsidized rates from oil-gas companies. PU will send a copy of the above state letter to each of the ministers in the Union cabinet, who have been connected with PU, in a bid to take up the matter to the Centre. These ministers will be requested to initiate the proposal of a national policy at Centre on support to the welfare of students engaged in higher education, said the officials.Kiosks would be set up to provide fixed menu meals at Rs 24 per plate at PU hostels. A joint consultative committee will review the food served at Student Centre. It was also decided in the meeting that the enhanced meal charges between October 22, 2012, and the day fixed meal kiosks start functioning, will be borne by PU.The prices of items served in the canteens could be reviewed by a committee comprising representatives of students, wardens and canteen contractors.PU authorities appealed to the students to suspend the agitation.'No police action'In its appeal, PU urged UT police not to initiate any action against the \"misguided and agitated students\" who have attempted to indulge in untoward incidents, in view of protection of their future and to maintain peace at PU campusChanges AnnouncedFood stalls will be set up in hostels which will offer a meal at Rs 24. After these come up, mess charges will again be raised to Rs 30 per meal A meeting with students to address their grievances will be held every month Subsidy offered to economically-weaker students in hostels increased by 25%As it happenedIn the morning, the protest gained momentum as about 100 to 150 students ran amok in a garden adjoining the VC office. The police slapped and dragged those who forcibly tried to enter the VC office. In the afternoon, the situation went out of control as more students joined in. Around 4pm, the VC came out amidst heavy security to negotiate with students. In the evening, students refused juice offered by VC. They surrounded him and raised slogans Later, most police officials left, but the protesters continued to stir", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17151573", "title": "Panel issues notice to govt school staff", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada district Child Welfare Committee (CWC) on Thursday issued summons to teachers of the Government Higher Primary School in Athoor village near Ramkunja, Puttur taluk for reportedly making students write answers to 70 questions 1,321 times.The teachers allegedly asked class VIII students to write answers of mid-term examination question papers of social studies, science and mathematics 1,321 times during Dasara holidays.The move was initiated on a complaint filed by Bhanuchandra Krishnapur, a voluntary child rights' activist. Bhanuchandra in his complaint alleged that physical education teacher Vanaja and science teacher Vaarija of the school had caused mental stress to students by making them write answers to 23 social studies and mathematics questions 529, and 552 times respectively, and 24 science questions 240 times.Bhanuchandra said, \"I request authorities to take strict action against teachers for giving such a punishment to students.\"When TOI contacted Revathi N, headmistress of the school, she said that all allegations levelled against the teachers of the school are false. \"We had told students to write answers only once. They might have misunderstood it and would have written it many times over,\" she added.CWC chairperson Asha Nayak said summons have been given to the teachers. \"Both teachers and students have been asked to come for a hearing on December 5. If allegations are proved during the inquiry, we will take strict action against the teachers,\" she said.The school has five teachers including the headmistress and 155 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17149812", "title": "Many not in directorate of medical education sold on online admissions", "text": "BHOPAL: Going online with admissions has put off the many in the directorate of medical education (DME), who prefer the off-line mode. Following the ruckus and accusations of mishandling the online counselling process this year, the DME now wants more powers over the private medical colleges and better software to keep taps on the admission seekers.\"We are powerless when it comes to private medical colleges and we have no control over them. All we can do is write letters,\" said DME joint director Dr N M Shrivastava. Many students had protested over the allotment of medical seats in private medical colleges after the DME failed to clarify the exact number of vacant seats just before online counselling ended in September.Monitoring hundreds of application from across the country, had the DME perplexed. \"It is extremely difficult to control online admissions. It was simpler in the manual format,\" he added. \"The software was not up to the mark too and we had to revert to manual checks,\" he added.Students for their part complain of the process not being transparent. \"It is called online counselling, but majority of the process is still stereotypically offline,\" said Manoj Sharma, a student.DME official admit that online mode was hard to monitor and check for discrepancies. \"Like the manual admission process, the DME from the next year would make it mandatory for the student to complete admission process and join once a seat is blocked,\" said Dr Shrivastava, admitting they like others were in the dark till the last moment, when it came to admissions to private medical colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150014", "title": "Sohrabuddin accused under threat: Intelligence Bureau", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sabarmati Central Jail authorities have decided not to send police officers accused in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case to Mumbai for trial despite an order to produce them in court on November 9. The authorities have cited administrative reasons to keep the accused in Ahmedabad, but the real reason could be a threat to their lives by a banned Islamic outfit.The Mumbai unit of the Central Intelligence Bureau has intimated the Mumbai police commissioner and the Gujarat DGP that the accused police officers might be attacked by the banned outfit members.The input warned that some people in Surat are part of the conspiracy which aims to take revenge for the alleged fake encounters in Gujarat and also for arresting Simi activists for the 2008 serial blasts in Ahmedabad which killed more than 50 people.Gujarat DGP Chittaranjan Singh has discussed the issue with Ahmedabad police commissioner S K Saikia and with the Maharashtra DGP. Singh told TOI: \"We have received the input. We are taking the matter very seriously. Mumbai Police is tracking the developments while ATS is probing the matter.\"Gujarat police decided to deploy Chetak commandos to escort the 11 accused cops, including D G Vanzara. Eight other accused, including former MoS home Amit Shah, are out on bail. Hearing in this fake encounter case of 2005 was transferred to a Mumbai court on the order of Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17149649", "title": "Man suspected of wife's murder missing", "text": "LUCKNOW: A man was absconding after allegedly killing his wife in Thakurganj following dowry related tiff with his in-laws. According to father of the deceased, his son-in-law Mobeen had planned the murder in advance and strangulated his daughter on Wednesday night. Mobeen, a zari worker, had asked for Rs two lakh from his father-in-law for business, police said.Mobeen reportedly sent his two children to his in-law's home on Wednesday evening and killed his wife Nisha later in the night. The couple was married for a decade. Mobeen reportedly called up his father-in-law on early Thursday and told him that Nisha was not well before disconnecting the phone.Nisha's parents reached her home in Mallahi Tola area of Thakurganj but found the door locked. Mobeen, who had switched off his phone by then, was nowhere to be seen. Sensing trouble, Nisha's father Nasiruddin broke open the door and was shocked to see the body of his daughter lying on the floor. The police were trying to trace Mobeen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17151961", "title": "Gurgaon court adjourns BMW hit-and-run case again", "text": "GURGAON: In BMW hit-and-run case, a city court on Thursday adjourned the matter till February 13. The court will initiate the proceedings of framing charges aginst the accused in the next hearing.Meanwhile, Shailesh Shetye, husband of deceased Kshama Chopra Shetye, expressed his disappointment over the slow pace of developments. The sole accused Suraj Sherewat, 19, along with his father Devender Sherawat made a brief appearance at the district court before the additional chief judicial magistrate Jasbir Singh postponed the hearing to February 13.\"The case came up for hearing after six months and now it has again been postponed by three months. I am disappointed. However, I have full faith that that will be done,\" said Shailesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150698", "title": "Panjab University mess prices rolled back", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As Panjab University students' protest against hike in hostel mess charges turned uglier on Thursday, the vice-chancellor rolled back the meal rate from Rs 30 to Rs 24 for now.The day saw much hullabaloo on the campus, as agitating students ran amok in a garden adjoining the VC office, tried to gatecrash into it, abused the varsity officials, raised slogans, hurled stones and breached security.A scuffle between the police and students led to the latter being slapped and dragged as they tried to enter the VC office. A statue installed on his office premises was also broken amid the melee.In a meeting held by the VC on the road, which was blocked by protesting students, leading to his office, it was resolved to roll back the hike. The rollback is till the time food kiosks come up at each hostel. Once these have been set up, the stalls will serve a meal at Rs 24 and the mess at Rs 30.Students' Federation of India and Students For Society led the protest. Later, supporters of Panjab University Students' Union, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad and National Students' Union of India too joined in.The protesters vehemently opposed when VC offered juice to students on hunger strike.Students also sought a rollback in the prices of canteen items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17150559", "title": "No military tattoo for Vijay Diwas", "text": "KOLKATA: The military tattoo to mark Vijay Diwas, considered the biggest interface between the military and civilians in Kolkata, will not be held this year, thanks to the Indian Army's ongoing austerity drive. This was revealed by defence sources in Delhi. Officials in Kolkata are now considering to hold a similar show - though not on that grand scale - sometime in January, 2013, when a 'Know Your Army' exhibition is organized on the Maidan outside Fort William.Some of them agree though that the purpose will be defeated as Vijay Diwas is celebrated in December each year to commemorate India's greatest ever military victory.Vijay Diwas is celebrated to mark the surrender of the Pakistani Army in Dhaka on December 16, 1971, that led to the creation of Bangladesh. Several years later, the Army set up Vijay Smarak - a memorial for the fallen soldier - close to the Fort William gate.Every year, on December 16, the General Officer Commanding in Chief of the Eastern Command and other senior officers of the Air Force and Navy lay wreaths at the memorial. Events are also organized and Mukti Joddhas from Bangladesh are also invited to participate in the celebrations and share their experiences. Till last year, the military tatoo used to be organized on two consecutive afternoons at the Royal Calcutta Turf Club (RCTC). Entry would be free for all.The military tatoo would involve the display of riding skills by the cavalry, fly-past by IAF choppers, skydiving by the Akash Ganga team, slithering by Special Forces personnel and a mock assault, displays by animals used by the military like dogs and mules, displays by motorcycle outriders and a military band. The show would wind up with a fireworks display. A couple of years ago, spectators had also witnessed the fly-past by a Su-30 aircraft.\"It will be very sad if the military tattoo is not held henceforth. This was one occasion where the people of the city could get a feel of what the military is all about. There would be great enthusiasm, particularly among youngsters and children who have to access to establishments like Fort William. I am sure that many youngsters got inspired to join the defence forces after watching the tatoo.Moreover, such shows send out a message that the country recognizes the successes achieved by her armed forces.I feel the tattoo should be continued,\" said a former Army commander who has been part of the show.Apart from the interface with civilians, the event is a show of bonhomie between India and Bangladesh. Mukti Joddhas would get an opportunity to meet the officers who led the Army during the War of Liberation. The officers included Lt Gen (retd) JFR Jacob, who was the Eastern Command chief of staff during the War. At present, there are no serving officers in the Army, Navy or Air Force who was commissioned before the War. Gen (retd) V K Singh was the last officer to have served in the War.It's still not clear whether other events will be held and whether Mukti Joddhas from Bangladesh and former GOC-in-Cs of the Eastern Command will be invited to the city.Sources revealed that there are strict orders from the defence minister himself to maintain austerity.During the commanders' conference, GOC-in-Cs were asked not to indulge in expenditure for events such as seminars, conferences and shows unless extremely important. For some years now, the Eastern Command has been trying to get corporate support to organize shows like the military tatoo but the response has been lukewarm. A lot of expenditure is actually involved in organizing such events as a lot of logistics has to be taken care of. Costs are also incurred in putting up the guests and hosting lunches and dinners for them.Officials in Kolkata revealed little when asked about the decision.\"The Army is planning an event along with the 'Know Your Army' exhibition. Officials believe it makes little sense to hold two separate events,\" said Gr Capt T K Singha, CPRO, Ministry of Defence , Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17149555", "title": "BJP veteran urges CM to break silence on deal", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Senior BJP leader Saryu Rai on Thursday urged chief minister Arjun Munda to break his \"mysterious silence\" on JMM supremo Shibu Soren's claims of a power-sharing deal.In a letter to state BJP chief Dineshanand Goswami, Rai sought to know the truth about the power-sharing pact with coalition ally JMM ahead of the formation of the present dispensation in 2010. \"The long silence of Munda is only adding fuel to the perception about BJP's lust for power among common people,\" said Rai. \"Although, you (Dr Goswami) and other party leaders have denied Soren's claims, Munda, who is leading the coalition, is maintaining a stoic silence, giving confusing messages to party cadres. In the larger interest of the party, it would be better for Munda to speak up on the controversy,\" the ex-MLA said.Rai also urged the party president to convene a core committee meeting to discuss the controversial issue and clear the air on JMM's claims. \"Repeated claims by Soren are not only detrimental to the government but is also affecting the morale of party cadres,\" he said.He said Soren, who is the chairman of the state co-ordination committee, should work towards carrying the coalition government smoothly forward. Instead, the senior JMM leader was threatening to pull down the government if his claims were not honoured, which is inappropriate, Rai said.\"Soren is dictating the BJP. His son Hemant (deputy CM in the present government) has also said his father's decision is always the final word as far as continuing support to the government is concerned,\" said Rai, alluding to the political distrust emanating from Shibu Soren's claims.Soren is repeatedly claiming that BJP and JMM had a pact in September 2010 that said a BJP nominee would be in the chief minister's office for the first 28 months of the government followed by a JMM nominee for the remaining 28 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149744", "title": "Best possible security for Pak cricketers, spectators: Sushil Kumar Shinde", "text": "NEW DELHI: With respective state police finalizing security details of the forthcoming Indo-Pak mini cricket series in consultation with the BCCI , the Centre on Thursday said that it would provide the best possible security to players and spectators of the neighbouring country.\"When cricketers from other countries come to India, it is our duty to protect them. We will discuss and provide best possible security. We are going to be very alert,\" Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde said when asked about Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's threat.He said there would be no compromise on the security of Pakistani cricketers and spectators.\"We should not mix sports and culture with politics. There should be different views. This series will pave the way for the revival of better ties between the two countries,\" said the home minister when asked for his reaction to Thackeray's remarks threatening the Indo-Pak cricket matches.Thackeray on Monday had called upon \"patriotic people of India\" to disrupt cricket matches between India and Pakistan, which will be played in the country next month. He also lashed out at Shinde for his statement \"to forget the past\", and play cricket with Pakistan.The series would comprise three ODIs and two T-20 matches to be held between December 25 and January 6. The ODIs will be played in Chennai, Kolkata and New Delhi, and the T-20 ties in Bangalore and Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17151060", "title": "Diwali vacation demand cripples railway booking website", "text": "MUMBAI: Lakhs of passengers trying to book tickets through the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporations (IRCTC) website had a tough time on Thursday. The portal was unable to handle the excess demand due to the onset of Diwali vacations. Either the web page would not load or the passengers couldn't log in. In some cases, the process got aborted while searching for trains.Pradip Kundu, joint general manger, public relations, IRCTC, said, \"There was some problem during the morning hours but the situation did improve by evening. It happened because too many people were trying to access the website due to the vacation period.\"The IRCTC has blamed too many hits during the peak demand period for failure. According to an official, \"A lot of people are trying to spend the Diwali holidays with their family. Many were trying to book tickets under the tatkal quota. The system is not able to handle so many hits.\"According to rules, booking for tatkal quota begins a day before the train's departure date. Since it is impossible to get a confirmed berth by regular booking, many people try their luck under the tatkal quota.Ajay Shah, a Mulund resident, said, \"I stayed back at home to book the ticket from my personal computer. I have been trying since morning but the site is excruciatingly slow. I was not able to complete the process to book the ticket.\"This the second time in three months when the IRCTC website has been unable to function properly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "17149963", "title": "Bhojpur administration gears up for foundation day function", "text": "ARA: Elaborate arrangements have been made for the 41st foundation day function of Bhojpur district being organized on November 9 and November 10 at Veer Kuer Singh Stadium on Ramana Maidan here.The function has been organized jointly by the department of arts, culture and youth and Bhojpur district administration.Deputy collector, Bhojpur, Lal Jyoti Nath Shah Dev said at least 62 stalls of agriculture, Sudha Dairy, district administration and others would be installed highlighting the government-sponsored welfare schemes and policies. Besides, cultural programmes, football, cricket matches, fancy dress and dance competitions, kavi sammelan and mushaira, horse show by the MMP, staging of drama written by Bhikhari Thakur, will mark the occasion.Dharna: Teachers of different colleges under Veer Kuer Singh University (VKSU) staged a day-long dharana in front of the office of VKSU VC on Thursday to press for their demands.The dharna was organised at the call of the FUTAB and FUSTAB and was led by their presidents Kanhaiya Bahadur Sinha and Birendra Kumar Singh respectively.The teachers were protesting against prevailing corruption, educational anarchy, apathetic attitude of the university administration in implementing the welfare schemes for the students, teachers and employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150591", "title": "Charity Haat makes Diwali happy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Charity Haat, a concept floated a decade ago by Blind People's Association (BPA) volunteers, is lighting up Diwali for the poor and disabled in the city as its 'shop' is getting donations from all quarters \u00e2\u20ac\u201dranging from individuals to corporates.According to BPA officials, in many foreign countries, people donate their discards such as clothes, electronic items and furniture to charitable organizations which then sell it off . The proceeds go to people in need. The same principle was applied to Charity Haat which is also environmentally sensitive as it reduces waste which goes unrecycled. Volunteers have got articles ranging from clothes to a car so far.The haat has been established in Vastrapur and at BPA campus near IIM crossroads. \"We are getting a good response as it has grown from an individual activity to involving corporates. Retailers like Big Bazaar, Star Bazaar and Pantaloon have also started to share their unused off-shelf clothes, shoes etc. It is a good chance to light up somebody's festival,\" a BPA official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17151575", "title": "Coimbatore Corporation takes 3 months to repair road", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three months ago, a huge trench was dug bang in the centre of the road, and filled with loose soil, in ward 47 of Kumaran Nagar, where underground drainage works were underway.The ordeal began during the recent spell of rains when a portion of the road was reduced to a slushy mess. Residents made several attempts to resolve the issue but when authorities failed to act, they decided to block the road severing the link to the ward.\"Its been more than three months since they left the road in this condition. After the recent rains it became worse and this stretch was totally abandoned as cars and tempos were constantly sinking in the slush,\" said S Barkhat, a resident of Kumaran Nagar.The residents also claimed that they had no other option but to park their vehicles in open spaces and parallel lanes in the vicinity. The issue became serious when residents had to call for help often to retrieve their sunken cars from the slush pool. \"There has been at least 10 to 12 such incidents in the last few weeks when my workers had to be summoned to retrieve the vehicles. Now everyone avoids the stretch and they circumvent it using parallel lanes in the locality,\" said P Kamaraj, a workshop owner in the locality.V Geetha another resident pointed out that the issue was repeatedly taken up with corporation officials through their ward councillor P V Subramanian. The councillor had no option but go to the North Zone office of the civic body and sit in a protest seeking the attention of officials on Thursday. The officials assured him the road would be repaired at the earliest.\"The residents have been complaining to me and I in turn have been taking the matter up with corporation officials for the last two months. But till now no proper steps have been taken,\" said Subramanian. Corporation officials deployed an earth remover on Thursday morning to level the portion of road. They assured that the road will be repaired at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17151076", "title": "Man sets ablaze wife after quarrel", "text": "JAIPUR: A man allegedly set ablaze his 26-year-old wife following a domestic quarrel in Santosh Colony near Chokhi Dhani on Wednesday.She succumbed to burn injuries on Thursday morning. In her dying statement, she testified against her husband. According to the police, he was under the influence of alcohol. He has been booked for murder and dowry death.The deceased, Puja Devi, was staying with her husband Kamlesh in Santosh Colony. \"Both were married for the past four years and has a two-and-a-half-year-old daughter,\" said SHO, Sanganer Sadar, Suresh Chand. Kamlesh works as a painter.The officer said that Kamlesh was an alcoholic and used to quarrel with his wife over petty issues. \"As per her dying statement, she was working in the house when he picked up a fight around 10 am on Wednesday. In a fit of rage, he poured kerosene on her body and set her on fire,\" said the officer.The officer added that after committing the brutal act, Kamlesh suddenly realised what he had done. \"He was under influence of alcohol. His mother was in the neighbourhood when the incident took place. He called the ambulance and rushed Puja to SMS Hospital. However, she had sustained nearly 90% burn injuries. She died while undergoing treatment on Thursday morning,\" said the officer. \"It also came up during questioning that he used to harass his wife for dowry,\" said the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "china", "code": "17151622", "title": "Short profiles of five likely standing committee members", "text": "CHINA: Wang Qishan ,currently vice premier in charge of economic, energy and financial affairs, Wang is seen as one of the most capable leaders of China's Communist Party. Known for his passion for reform in the financial sector and further liberalization of foreign investments. Wang took advantage of his position as mayor of Beijing until 2007 to expand his influence in the party. His positions include the chairmanship of China Construction Bank and party chief for Hainan province. Part of the 25-member Politburo for the past five years.Zhang Dejiang: The vice premier for energy, telecommunications and transportation took additional charge as party secretary of Chongqing municipality last March after disgraced leader, Bo Xilai , was removed from the position. Known to be a close follower of former president Jiang Zemin . He is also a \"princeling\" - meaning his father held important positions in the party. Politburo member since 2002. His claim to fame is crafting the export success story of the Pearl River Delta as party chief of Guangzhou (2002-07).Yu Zhengsheng: Another princeling and party secretary of Shanghai municipality and member of the Politburo, which elects the standing committee, since 2002. Was seen as a close follower of former leader Deng Xiaoping and Jiang Zemin. Earlier served as minister of construction and party chair of Hubei province in central China.Liu Yunshan: Director of the party's propaganda department, Liu has played an important part in managing the task of censoring all forms of media. He rose from the party's youth league and became a Politburo member in 2002. An important voice of the conservative faction in the party.Zhang Gaoli: Party secretary of municipality of Tianjin, the highly industrial neighborhood of Beijing. Another Zemin protege, he is Politburo member since 2007. Zhang made himself known through the progress of Shenzhen, the boom town bordering Hong Kong , which he ruled as party secretary for five years from 1997. A free market advocate and likely to push for greater economic reforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17149678", "title": "Sanik school entrance test on Jan 6 next year", "text": "BHOPAL: All India Sainik schools entrance examination for admission in 2013-2014 sessions will be conducted on January 6, 2013. The last date to submit the application forms is December 10, 2012, an official spokesperson said.The January 6 examination will be held at Kamla Nehru Girls Higher Secondary school, TT Nagar in Bhopal, Army Public School, Morar Cantt. in Gwalior, Pandit Lajja Shankar Jha Model Higher Secondary school Jabalpur and Sainik School, civil lines, Rewa.Uniforms distributedUnder Corporate Social responsibility uniforms were distributed to the school students of BHEL, at Adampur village here on Thursday. Scholarships were also presented to the students of the widow wards here. Usha Rani Gupta President BHEL Ladies Club presented the scholarship to 76 students of Rs 500 per month.The villagers appreciated and thanked BHEL officials for such noble work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17150978", "title": "Reporters, lensmen attacked", "text": "KANNUR: A group of suspected Youth Congress workers attacked journalists covering the Rashtra Raksha Rally and public meeting organized by Youth Congress at Collectorate ground here on Thursday.The attack occurred around 6.15 pm, when mediapersons entered the ground. Many of them suffered injuries and their cameras damaged. P V Praveenkumar, the cameraman of local television channel Zeal TV, who suffered serious injuries has been admitted to a private hospital here. The lack of media support to Kannur MP K Sudhakaran in the controversy over his sit-in at Valapattanam police station is what apparently irked the Youth Congress.Meanwhile, Sudhakaran apologized for the incident and promised action against attackers if it is found that they are Youth Congress workers.In his inaugural address, Youth Congress national president Rajeev Satav demanded 40% reservation for youths in Congress committees. District Youth Congress president Mohammed Blathur presided. KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala , MLAs A P Abdullakkutty, Sunny Joseph, P C Vishnunath and V T Balram spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17148837", "title": "4 Tibetans set selves afire as China begins power shift", "text": "BEIJING: As President Hu Jintao set in motion the leadership change in China on Thursday, four Tibetans in faraway Sichuan and Qinghai provinces set themselves on fire, bringing alive to the Great Hall of People the country's long-festering problem of separatism and religion. Two of the Tibetans died and other two were in hospital with serious burns.President Hu warned about internal unrest and corruption in perhaps the strongest terms ever by a top leader, saying, \"If we fail to handle corruption well, it could prove fatal to the party, and cause its collapse and the fall of the state.\"The news of the death of the Tibetan monks, who burnt themselves in protest against the Communist Party, came as Hu was making the inaugural speech at the party's National Congress. Observers said it would give China's critics another issue to badger it on its human rights record.The dead monks are young boys aged 15 and 16, according to the Tibetan Centre for Human Rights and Democracy. Both belonged to the same monastery in Ngaba county, in Sichuan. The third person to commit self-immolation in a separate incident was a 23-year-old woman in the Qinghai. A separate Tibetan rights group, Free Tibet, said there was an additional self-immolation by a Tibetan in Qinghai but gave no details.In fact, protest flared up at Tinananmen Square as well, beside the Great Hall, with a woman throwing paper clippings into the air shouting \"bandits and robbers\" - words often used to describe corrupt officials. She was bundled away by security men who have sanitized the entire city to ward off the possibility of any agitation in the course of the seven-day party congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17150339", "title": "125th anniversary of Allahabad University: Students enjoy motivational talk", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As part of the ongoing celebrations of the 125th anniversary of Allahabad University, motivational speaker of international repute Captain Navin Gulia addressed students of AU on Thursday. In the jam-packed Senate Hall, every sentence of Gulia's motivational speech was received by the students with applause.Organised by the research association and AU student union, Gulia spoke on the theme 'Positive and positive-the key to success'. Although the chief guest AU Vice-Chancellor could not attend the function due to busy schedule, the dean of student welfare (DSW) Prof R K Singh and office-bearers of the student union were there. The programme was presided over by president of the student union Dinesh Yadav.In his speech, Captain Gulia said every human should first conquer self and challenges in life would perish on their own. \"Success and failure are part of life. One should remember that every step taken is towards success, whether one achieves it or not is a different issue\", said Gulia. The motivational speaker added that youths should introspect and move on in life. It is essential that one is satisfied with his work and thoughts, irrespective of the consequences. \"Identify your aim and focus on achieving it,\" he stressed.Gulia is a world record holder in all terrain motor driving in his modified vehicle from New Delhi to Marsimik La at 18,632 feet, the highest motored mountain pass in the world, 1,200 feet higher than base camp of Mt Everest, in a non-stop drive of 55 hours crossing seven of the world's highest mountain passes on the way. His record is unchallenged for six years. Rock climbing, para-jumping, sky-diving, powered hang-gliding and microlite flying, are other adventure sports pursued by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17143409", "title": "Go eco-friendly this Diwali", "text": "The excitement and celebratory spirit that Diwali brings is unmatchable. Celebrating Diwali with friends and family has its own charm.But amid the festive fervour, how green is your Diwali going to be, is the question that many Amdavadis are giving much thought to. A festival celebrated with humble diyas and home made sweets has changed to noisy crackers, splurging and decorating houses with electric illuminations. It not only puts an added burden on the environment, but also puts health at stake for a lot of people. Though, the festive spirit should not soften any bit, we should also make sure we keep the proceedings safe, sound and eco-friendly.TOI brings you few tips on how to make this Diwali eco-friendly, and still make it a delightful festival.Celebrate together Festivals are best celebrated with your closed ones around you. So think of getting your relatives, friends and neighbours at one place and having the festivities going on. This will not only reduce the cost of celebration and amount of pollution as compared to individual celebrations, it will also brings more excitement, closeness and bonding among everyone.Crack it thoughtfully Fire crackers leave the city hazy, noisy and littered with paper remains the next morning. Instead of the traditional crackers, opt for eco-friendly products that are made from recycled papers and the noise produced is within the decibel limits set by the Central Pollution Control Board.Go earthy While the electric illumination looks stunning, there is no comparison to the age old diyas. The additional advantage of these diyas are that they are bio-degradable, cost effective and still look traditional and very beautiful. Plus, you can also contribute in saving on electricity consumption that normally reaches sky high during each Diwali.Splurge more, but on emotions While it's a great time for shopping, buy things that are required for the festival. Splurging on unnecessary items will only elevate the budget. Buy less of plastic and use-and-throw decoration items. Instead, try to shop for recyclable material. Also, while cleaning the house before Diwali, restrain from dumping things, instead give the discarded things to the underprivileged people.Digvijay Singh , Designer I have always supported eco-friendly Diwali. People should celebrate the festival without bursting crackers to avoid both noise and air pollution. Each year before Diwali, I sit down with my friends and family and we make our own lamps. We light up our homes with these hand-made lamps and paper lamps, which makes it look very different and beautiful.Devang Patel, Singer Amdavadis love competition, which we see during Uttarayan. And the same happens during Diwali. But people should change that mentality and enjoy the festival without crackers. Only kids should be allowed to burst the small ones \u00e2\u20ac\u201d big bombs shouldn't be encouraged. I am waiting for someone to come up with crackers that will not contribute to pollution.Varun Kapoor, Actor We should use traditional diyas and save some energy instead of opting for candles or electrical lamps. Apart from this, we should also help the poor and needy. I would rather help someone who needs the money, than splurge on unnecessary items while shopping.(Compiled by Abhimanyu Mishra and Ano Patel)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150625", "title": "College girl falls off window, hurt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 19-year-old BCom-I student fell from the window of the second floor of three-storey MCM-DAV College building in Sector 36 on Thursday. Parul Malhotra, who fractured her left leg and right arm, besides losing two teeth, was rushed to GMSH-16 from where she was referred to PGI.Commerce Fest for BCom students was on when Parul and two of her friends left the venue and went to an empty room on the second floor around 12.30pm. It is not clear how she fell from the window. Sector 36 police station SHO inspector Bhupinder Singh said they are trying to figure out the cause of the accident.\"Circumstances under which the college girl fell are being probed. No eyewitness was present at the spot. Parul is not fit to give a statement. Her father advocate MK Malhotra was informed about the incident,\" he said. A friend of Parul said it was an accident. \"Parul was sitting on the window ledge when she lost balance and fell,\" she said.The college principal did not recall anything out of place with regard to the student but said the college would look into the matter. A DDR has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149203", "title": "Follow Einstein, says Prof SP Sukhatme", "text": "NAGPUR: Institutes like NITs have a special role to play in development of the country. They should be the places of advanced research and making them so is the job of the institutes. But students too have a major role here. They need to follow Albert Einstein who believed that to live a happy life, life had to be tied to a goal, not to people or things.This statement came from one of the best researcher and academician the country has produced, SP Sukhatme, who is professor emeritus at IIT Bombay, a former chairman of Atomic Energy Regulatory Board and a scientist of repute in 'heat transfer'. He was speaking at the 10{+t}{+h} convocation ceremony of the Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT).Sukhatme said that technical universities like VNIT should be centres of research in all disciplines. The country at present produces 3 lakh engineers annually but those pursuing masters is down to 20,000 and the doctorates just 1000. Both, sponsored and consultancy research should be taken in a big way to solve the problems of industry and country.For the students, Sukhatme had a three ingredient recipe - the ability to work hard, to continue gaining knowledge and to communicate well.SK Joshi, the chairman of board of governors of VNIT and former director general of Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), regretted that the country had failed to make any major breakthrough in technology and called for more research in solving domestic challenges of safe drinking water, health, energy, environment, agriculture and food. He suggested that NITs should inculcate entrepreneurship and must have right mentors to shape the future of there students.T Srinivasa Rao, the acting VNIT director, said that the institute had started a Masters programme in mathematics, physics and chemistry. The quantum of PhD degrees and Masters through research had increased. The list of degrees given to students included 17 PhDs, 7 Masters degrees through research, 170 M Tech degrees and 522 B Tech degrees.The deans of all the academic branches and chairman of board of studies of each branch, the head of departments were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149275", "title": "Auto gang busted, 4 carjackers nabbed", "text": "NEW DELHI: An international gang of carjackers has been busted and four persons arrested for allegedly carjacking and selling them to Nepal, PoK and some parts of North India. In a related case, cops have also busted a gang that prepared fake RCs from Srinagar. Four cars that were stolen from Delhi, Ghaziabad and Noida \u00e2\u20ac\u201d including an Indigo that was robbed from Defence Colony earlier this year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have been recovered, police said.\"On October 31, crime branch officers arrested three members of the gang \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Avid, Tufail Ahmad and Shanu \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from Timarpur,\" DCP(Crime) SBS Tyagi said. One of the accused, Imran, managed to flee but cops recovered three stolen vehicles from the gang, he said. Avid told police that he had earlier delivered vehicles to Javed in J&K;, and he could get them recovered.He also promised to get Imran arrested from Amroha in UP, the official said, adding that Imran is an active member of the Shariq alias Sata gang. Sata gets forged papers prepared for stolen cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "17150699", "title": "Lokayukta raids ZP officer's house, recovers Rs 2 crore", "text": "BIJAPUR: Lokayukta police conducted raid on the house of the zilla panchayat chief accounts officer on Thursday here and seized worth assets worth Rs 2 crore and property documents along with gold and silver ornaments.They registered a case against Vijayanama Maralingappa Chour, CAO of Bijapur ZP, under section 13(1) (E) and sub section 13(2) of PC act 1988.Two Hyundai cars in the name of his sons, 1,575 grams of gold, 5 kg of silver and currency worth Rs 10 lakh were also seized by Lokayukta police during raid. Two bank accounts amounting to over Rs 12 lakh and two FDs worth Rs 25.63 lakh and Rs 43.51 lakh each were also seized during the raid.The assets amount to more than 600 times more than what he earned as salary during his service, said Lokayukta SP D S Jangamayyanavar. Bank lockers in his name are yet be evaluated, he added.Police said that Chour, who originally hails from Sindagi taluk of Bijapur district, joined government service as second division assistant in 1977. He served at Bijapur, Belgaum, Hassan, Bagalkot and other places. His wife, namely Sumangaladevi and two sons namely Satish and Girish.Residing at Gyang Bawadi locality in the city, Chour has other plots of land in the name of his wife and two sons at Bijapur Mahal Bagayat area, Aliyabad village and Gugadaddi village, cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150703", "title": "Malaria rises, but deadlier dengue and falciparum fall", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The bad news is there has been a 60% rise in malaria cases in the city in 2012. Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) authorities are soliciting public participation in controlling the menace.Actual figures may be higher as this only pertains to cases reported from 57 urban health centres and government general hospitals. Figures from 165 private hospitals have not been taken into account. While malaria has already claimed 15 lives this year, dengue has killed six people in the city.The good news is that over the last three months, malaria has been controlled by increased door to door surveillance, anti-larval action, fogging and administration of Artemisinin-based Combination Therapy (ACT). Till the first week of November, the city recorded 15,343 malaria cases compared to 9,646 cases in the same period last year. Cumulative figures for dengue this year has shown a 29% drop from last year, while it falciparum cases in the city fell by 33.6%.\"Between July and August, which was the beginning of the monsoon, there was a drastic spike with 2,575 malaria cases, which was worrisome. Our machinery hit the panic button and AMC health teams acted on a war footing. Dengue cases were 442 this year till the first week of November, while it was 622 cases last year. Similarly, 2,242 falciparum cases were recorded this year, while there were 3,376 cases in the same period last year,\" adds a senior AMC health official.Normally, as the temperature drops by November-end, mosquitoes do not get ideal conditions to breed. Then there is Diwali, and smoke from crackers also control mosquitoes to some extent.\"However, a new door to door fogging activity has largely led to the control of the dengue-causing Aedes aegypti mosquito. People are advised to cover themselves during the day time, at home and at work. Burning neem leaves and smoke from ghughar incense are also effective methods of controlling mosquitoes,\" adds the AMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17149913", "title": "Tharoor assures full support to Arunachal's education sector", "text": "ITANAGAR: Union minister of state for human resource development Shashi Tharoor assured the full support of the Centre for the all round development of the state's education sector.Tharoor gave this assurance when Arunachal education minister Bosiram Siram, chief minister Nabam Tuki and Union minister of state for minority affairs Ninong Ering called on him in New Delhi on Thursday and apprised him of the various problems faced by the state education department, sources said here on Thursday.Siram urged Tharoor to help meet and overcome the various challenges of the education sector in the state.Citing various obstacles like communication bottleneck, socio-cultural norms and practices, gender parity, poor attendance of both teachers and students due to the lack of infrastructure and shortage of funds, Siram asked the Union minister to consider liberal funding for schools in the state. He also requested for extension of time after March 2013 to make the schools Right to Education (RTE) compliant.Siram said priority should be given to the release of funds for civil components under Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan (RMSA), which was left unattended. He added that the total outlay of budget granted for Management Monitoring Evaluation &amp; Research (MMER) under RMSA should be increased from the current 2 per cent to 6 per cent like the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) RTE programme.He sought cent percent central funding for establishment and strengthening of the State Council Educational Research and Training (SCERT) in the state to address issues like textbook preparation, research work and analysis on academic matter, curriculum review, training modules and manuals, in-service teachers training program, academic support and guidance to working teachers.He also said the state has only 11 District Institutes for Education and Training (DIETs) against its 17 districts.Meanwhile, Siram requested the IGNOU authority for relaxation of marks from 45 per cent to 40 per cent for teachers who were appointed after 2010 as it is mandatory for them to obtain a professional degree before 2015.The education minister further requested the Centre to increase the fund sanctioned for construction of polytechnics in the state from Rs 800 lakh to atleast Rs 1,500 lakh, continuation of state JEE and allotment of engineering and medical seat from special pool, strengthening the NIT and protection, promotion and development of endangered languages of Arunachal Pradesh, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17150579", "title": "Realtor to police: Abandoned cash belongs to charitable trust", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Rs 6.75 crore abandoned on the road in front of the AP state police headquarters belongs to the Bala Sai Baba Trust. On Thursday, one T Rama Rao, 61, a realtor who is the managing trustee of the Bala Sai Baba Trust, approached Saifabad police claiming that he was the custodian of the cash recovered by police on Wednesday.During questioning, Rama Rao told police that of the 6.75 crore, he had on Wednesday morning withdrawn Rs 4.98 crore (in denomination of Rs 1,000) from the Andhra Bank branch in Domalguda. The cash was withdrawn from Bala Sai Baba Trust's account with a 'self' pay cheque issued by the Trust, revealed deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Central Zone, Tarun Joshi. Police have confirmed the details with relevant bank officials about the withdrawal.Rama Rao said that he had brought the remaining cash of Rs 1.72 crore to the city 15 days back from the Bala Sai Baba Trust offices in Kurnool. He told police that the money was for purchasing land for the trust in Mysore near Chamundeswari Hills.During his visits to the city, Rama Rao stays at the Bala Sai Trust's office in Domalguda. After withdrawing the cash from Andhra Bank, Rama Rao placed the entire Rs 6.75 crore cash in three bags. Thereafter he went to Koti in his Chevrolet Beatcar and handed over the money to Vamshi, an associate of one Ansari, a Mysore-based land broker.After collecting the bags, Vamshi hired an autorickshaw to take the cash to Ansari. However, the auto broke down right in front of the police headquarters (DGP's office) in Lakdikapul. When police personnel posted there made Vamshi open one of the bags, he abandoned the cash and fled from the spot.Police, however, are suspicious about Rama Rao's version as he has kept changing his story since morning. During the initial interrogation, Rama Rao told police that it was his driver Tirumal Reddy who had abandoned the cash near the DGP's office. But later during the evening, he confessed that it was Vamshi and not his driver who was travelling with the cash.Moreover, the Rs 4.98 crore which Rama Rao withdrew from Andhra Bank had only a day earlier been transferred into the Bala Sai Trust account. When questioned by police, Trust officials said that they had liquidated some fixed deposits and transferred the amount that Rama Rao could withdraw the cash using a cheque.Police said that the cash was supposed to have been taken by Ansari and Vamshi to Mysore by private bus on Wednesday night. \"Vamshi is absconding and his phone is switched off. We are trying to contact Ansari,\" the DCP said.While talking to the media at the DCP's office, Rama Rao said that the \"cash is legal\". He was then shifted to Aykar Bhavan where income-tax (IT) sleuths were to interrogate him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151552", "title": "Madras high court sends contempt notice to medical university registrar", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has issued contempt of court notice to the registrar of the Tamil Nadu MGR Medical University, taking exception to the comments she had made in her communication to the medical council.The registrar, Dr S Srilakshmi, in her letter to the MCI on December 26, 2011, said that though the university had embarked on a new evaluation system 'guided by pragmatic considerations,' the high court had taken a 'hyper-technical stand' and negatived it.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said, \"A clear case of contempt has been made against the registrar of the university. Hence, we direct her to explain why proceedings for contempt not be initiated against her.\"Advocate Narmadha Sampath, counsel for the university, however, told the court that the person who wrote the letter was not the university registrar any more. The judges asked the university to serve the notice to Srilakshmi and then posted it to November 20 for further proceedings. The issue before the court is if the new guidelines framed by the university about clinical and viva voce examination can be legally sustained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17151447", "title": "First bone marrow transplant in Nashik on thalassemia patient", "text": "NASHIK: The first bone marrow transplant on a thalassemia patient was performed in Nashik on a patient from Iraq. It is the first such surgery in north Maharashtra.A city-based Haemato-Oncologist and bone marrow transplant physician Dr Pritesh Junagade performed the transplant on a 5-year-old girl from Iraq last month at Lotus Institute of Haematology, Oncology and Bone Marrow Transplantation. Her 8-year-old brother donated blood cells to her. Dr Junagade said that in the process, stem cells from a donor are extracted from the arm and given to the patient. \"It takes three weeks for the new stem cell to adjust and set in the new body. The person who donates does not have any side effects,\" he said. The platelets of the donor have to match with that of the patient and if the body rejects it, fresh stem cells can be administered.He said that the cost of the procedure lesser compared to metro cities and that there are two bone marrow transplant centres each in Pune and Mumbai. \"In Iraq, the treatment is very expensive and that is why the patient was brought here. We have used the latest protocol for this transplant which is little expensive. This procedure takes one and a half hours but the patient does not suffer any problems immediately . That is why we waited for a month before disclosing about this transplant. The cost of this is between Rs 7-8 lakh in Nashik but much higher in the metros. With the old protocol, we can also perform in Rs 5 lakh\".\"In this case, the patient required blood transfusion every three weeks from the age of six months for survival. Had she not done bone marrow transplant, the life expectancy would be only 20-25 years with regular blood transfusion. With this transplant, she will never require blood transfusion,\" said Dr Junagade, emphasizing that this is the only curative procedure for such patients. He said that in North Maharashtra alone there were 300-400 thalassaemia patients. The parents of the patient and her brother have minor thalassaemia, while she had major.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "with the bjp's organisational elections in full swing across the state, the party is scheduled to elect its new state president by the first week of december. sitting bjp state chief prabhat jha , who has been holding charge of the party since may 2010, spoke to suchandana gupta on various issues ranging from controversies surrounding bjp national president nitin gadkari and the congress' allegations against the shivraj singh chouhan government. excerpts", "code": "17149764", "title": "We support Gadkari in BJP: Prabhat Jha", "text": "With the BJP's organisational elections in full swing across the state, the party is scheduled to elect its new state president by the first week of December. Sitting BJP state chief Prabhat Jha , who has been holding charge of the party since May 2010, spoke to Suchandana Gupta on various issues ranging from controversies surrounding BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and the Congress' allegations against the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government. Excerpts:Q: Your party president Nitin Gadkari's political career has suffered an irreparable dent with Arvind Kejriwal's allegations on his business dealings ...A: There is no dent, absolutely no setback or damage to his career. First, these are all allegations without any evidence. Second, the person who is making these allegations and waving a few papers before the media has no status of his own to make such accusations against the BJP national president. We in the BJP are in support of Nitin Gadkari because we know that these businesses are more than 20 years old. There are 14 companies and none are in his name.Even if we accept that these are all his companies, is it wrong for a man in politics to do business? If he had misused his position as BJP national president or taken favours from governments, there would be a point. But to compare and equate allegations against Nitin Gadkari to the 2G spectrum scam is wrong and unfair.Q: Do you think he is getting a second term?A: I am an organisational person and it is not possible for me to make speculations on his tenure. As a committed BJP worker, I cannot comment on this.Q: Why do you think Nitin Gadkari compared the IQs of Swami Vivekananda to underworld don Dawood Ibrahim? Your party sees any logic in that comparison?A: The comparison is not important. What is crucial is the intention. Even in a court of law, it is intention that is judged. Was his intention to defame Swami Vivekananda? No. He was arguing that if IQ is utilised in philosophy and nation building, you become Swami Vivekananda. If you use the same IQ for destructive criminal purposes, you are Dawood Ibrahim. Go with the intention and not with the words. His intention is clean.Q: The state Congress including its central leaders, PCC chief Kantilal Bhuria and leader of Opposition Ajay Singh have been repeatedly accusing the Shivraj Singh Chouhan BJP government of changing the names of Union government schemes and passing UPA 'yojanas' as its own.A: In a federal system of government, the taxation system is such that the Centre sends funds to the states. The state utilises those funds in its schemes. That is the practice. And if the Congress says that we are changing the names of their wonderful schemes and claiming them to be our own, maybe they should name them. The Congress is flustered. It is aware that battleground 2013 is already lost. They are in no position to win the assembly polls.Q: When the BJP claims that the Congress has lost 2013 and you are going to form government in MP for a third term, aren't you being over-confident?A: We are not over-confident, but confident enough that Shivraj Singh Chouhan is a popular chief minister and we have made this a people's government. Over the past nine years, we have worked hard to ensure that the people don't lose faith in this government. The RSS has worked in Madhya Pradesh since 1951 and after decades of sheer sweat we have made this state ours. That's why we have the best leaders, workers, supporters, followers, policies and implementation genius.Q: Now that the state BJP will elect their president, do you see yourself coming back to this position as the elected chief?A: I am a worker of the BJP and will follow orders. If I am asked to go for another job, I will move immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150806", "title": "Trade ties will guarantee better future: Pak delegates", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Members of Rawalpindi Chamber of Commerce and Industry (RCCI), Pakistan underlined the strategic position of their country as the 'gateway to Central Asia' during an interactive session organized by the PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry at the PHD House. Delegates from across the border discussed business and investment opportunities with their Indian counterparts at the session, which was aimed at strengthening bilateral ties.\"It is high time we open up bilateral trade, transfer of technology, goods and services rather than routing the same through third world countries,\" vice-president Nadeem A Rauf said. While Rauf was clear on the economic benefits liberal trade policies would accord, he said bilateral trade was being held up by difficult custom clearances and visa sanctions.Delegates on both sides agreed that Non-Tariff Barriers or NTBs posed a major problem. \"Both governments have to understand and work together to expedite and relax visa and customs norms,\" said N S Aulakh, convener, Mohali Zone of the PHD Chamber.Former senior vice-president, RCCI Raja Amer Iqbal said trade between the two countries would go a long way in poverty alleviation. \"We can help both nations eradicate poverty by providing, creating and realizing more trade opportunities,\" he maintained. Iqbal said Rawalpindi offers opportunities in marble, poultry and poultry products, textiles, flour mills, food industry , pharma sector, life sciences, auto parts, garments and zari, steel pipes, defence procurement, energy, heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150216", "title": "HIV+ people gherao Bihar State AIDS Control Society office", "text": "PATNA: About 200 members of Bihar Network for People Living with HIV AIDS (PLHIV) society gheraoed the office of project director, Bihar State AIDS Control Society (BSACS), on Wednesday to demand sufficient medicines and doctors at the 14 antiretroviral therapy (ART) centres across the state.Sanjeev Kumar Sinha, project director, Bihar State AIDS Control Society, assured the agitators to look into the matter and solve their problem within 24 hours. The police were called to the office premises in view of the agitation.The agitators claimed that life-saving AIDS drugs and CD4 test kits were not reaching people living with HIV. According to the local PLHIV sources, several medicines were out of stock. Gyan Ranjan, president, PLHIV Bihar, said, \"There are 56,000 people living with HIV in Bihar while the entire state has only 14 ART centres, including two in Patna. Many of the centres do not have sufficient number of doctors.\"Every ART centre should have two doctors to counsel 500-1,000 HIV+ people. \"But the fact is there is no doctor at the Katihar ART centre for the last four months. People have to visit the Bhagalpur centre from districts like Katihar, Araria and Purnia,\" Gyan Ranjan said. \"At Bettiah, Khagaria and a few other centres, which take care of over 1,000 patients, there are only two doctors while there is an urgent need of four doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17150084", "title": "Officer issues tetanus vaccine instead of polio drops", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Alert district health officials averted a major tragedy when a lady health visitor (LHV) allegedly delivered tetanus (TT) vaccine instead of the polio vaccine to a Pulse polio team during their ongoing campaign. Officials seized the TT vaccine vials before it could be used for administering to the children. The chief medical officer has ordered an inquiry into the incident.Station officer Shahganj police station told TOI \"We have been investigating the matter thoroughly and a case under section 504 of IPC has been lodged\". He added \" Acting on the complaint of the nodal officer, a case has been lodged against the lady health visitor and one other in the incident. We are checking out allegations made by doctor against the lady health visitor.\" Despite repeated efforts, the lady health visitor could not be contacted.On Wednesday, the LHV had allegedly issued TT vaccine instead of polio vaccine to Team No. 15 to be administered to children. When the nodal officer, along with supervisors, noticed that wrong vaccine had been issued, they called up the LHV and nodal officer Dr SAM Meesum.Dr Meesum told TOI \"LHV Premavati Pandey had issued two TT vaccines instead of the polio vaccine to the polio team and when I tried to inquire, she threatened me with dire consequence in front of the polio supervisors\". He added \"It was the LHV's responsibility to check the vaccine before distribution. When her mistake was pointed out, she got agitated and used foul language at me.\" A polio team is issued 17 polio vaccines to be administered to children.Following the incident, the nodal officer along with supervisors reported the matter to chief medical officer (CMO) and district immunisation officer (DIO). The nodal officer also reported the matter to Shahganj police station against the LHV and her family members alleging that they had been threatening him with dire consequence if he dared to raise the issue before senior health authorities.Talking to TOI, CMO Dr Padmakar Singh said \"We are probing the incident and action would be initiated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17150535", "title": "Godowns allowed on Outer Ring Road corridor", "text": "HYDERABAD: Succumbing to pressure from developers and land owners, the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department has amended rules to allow warehouses, cold storage units and godowns in the growth corridor of Outer Ring Road (ORR).The MA&UD; department on Thursday issued a GO (No.420) amending the special development regulation for the ORR growth corridor, which is one km on either side of the expressway.As of now, warehouses and godowns are not permitted in any portion of the growth corridor as per special regulations issued in July 2008.With better road connectivity once ORR gets completed, many property owners/builders had applied for setting up warehouses, cold storages and godowns in the growth corridor as it would help them in transportation. The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) on the other hand, was against this as it was not allowed change of land use since as per regulations; no change was allowed within the growth corridor.Interestingly, there are some godowns at places like Kandla Koya village which were constructed a long ago and now, the urban authority cannot ask them to vacate as these came up before the special regulations were formed.The HMDA was forced to seek an amendment from the state government as there were only five applications from developers for various projects in the growth corridor in the past four years due to lack of takers for residential and commercial projects far from the city. However, nearly half-a-dozen developers were keen on constructing godowns due to access to ORR.With pressure from property owners/developers and lukewarm response to projects other than warehouses and godowns, the HMDA has written to the MA&UD; department about six months ago for an amendment to the special regulations of growth corridor subject to the condition that only general storage of non-polluting and non-hazardous storage activities would be allowed.As per the suggestions, a draft notification was issued by the HMDA inviting objections and suggestions from the public in July. Since there were no objections, the MA&UD; issued the GO on Thursday amending the special regulations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17150010", "title": "Superstorm Sandy fails to deter NRIs from paying homage to Bhupen Hazarika", "text": "GUWAHATI: It was supposed to be a solemn occasion for ardent fans of Bhupen Hazarika settled in the east coast of the US. But the devastation left by hurricane Sandy deterred them from attending programmes planned to commemorate the occasion. However, the natural calamity couldn't stop them from forming a human chain and taking pledges like their peers in Assam.Nearly a thousand Assamese NRIs reside in the US eastcoast and they were waiting to pay their tribute to Bhupen Hazarika on the first death anniversary. \"The event was supposed to happen during the weekends but on account of the hurricane, it was cancelled. It was quite an afflicting situation with no power and accessibility as well. But still some people formed human chains last Sunday wherever it seemed possible and also took the pledge to uphold his principles of humanitarianism and equality. The idea of human chain was conveyed to them by Tez Hazarika who remained in touch with some of the Assamese people on November 5,\" said Dev Borah, a member of the Assamese community residing in Washington DC.It was planned that there would be events for commemorating the first death anniversary of the doyen at some specific centres in New York, New Jersey, Washington, Pennsylvania and other places where the concentration of Assamese people is more. Musical soirees and \"naam proshonga\" or traditional chanting of Assamese hymns were also supposed to take place.In the east coast, where there is a considerable presence of Assamese people, the commemoration of the bard's first death anniversary passed off without any glitches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149716", "title": "IITians, schoolkids take eco-path, ask citizens not to burst noisy crackers", "text": "MUMBAI: A bunch of freshmen from the IIT in Bombay has taken up a mission to celebrate an eco-friendly and noiseless Diwali, urging manufacturers to make crackers that will cause the least harm to the environment. More than 3,500 students are expected to pledge their support to the cause. Not just the IITians, schoolchildren across the city are also taking the green path to usher in the festival of lights, besides activists spreading the message about how poor children are exploited while making crackers.Deepak Yadav from IIT said, \"Our hostels collect around Rs 60,000-70,000 for the festival and spend the amount on buying crackers. We have appealed to all to use the money in decorating the campus with diyas. Also, if someone really wants to light crackers, they will be provided with eco-friendly ones.\"To reach out to as many people as possible, activists have been urging people on social networking sites to join in their campaign for a peaceful Diwali. Sanskar India Foundation, which has been working with close to 100 civic and private schools to create awareness about pollution caused by crackers, have created a Facebook page, which highlights the ill-effects of bursting noisy crackers that are also filled with harmful metal pieces and chemicals.\"We educate students from 100 schools every year. This year, we thought of hitting the social networking site to target audience beyond schools,\" said Kiran Madan, director-founder of the foundation. \"The foundation generally helps create awareness about the effects that fire-crackers have on our health, environment and pets. Most importantly, we highlight how poor children are exploited by the cracker-manufacturing industry and how they suffer so that others could enjoy.\" The foundation also ropes in students in their campaigns. \"These students put up posters, highlighting all these points, in their housing societies.\"While NGOs are doing their bit in educating people, Podar Institute of Education has made the awareness campaign a part of the project for teacher training candidates. Director of the institute Swati Popat Vats said, \"We have divided the batch into 28 groups, each comprising three members. Every group has to target around 5,000 students across the state and teach them about the ill-effects of lighting crackers and the noise pollution.\" The candidates are supposed to get students' signatures as proof. They were asked to target everything from schools, public places, malls, housing societies, etc.\"The candidates will spread the message through fairy tales. ; for example, try to explain the ill effects in the form of the story of 'Red Riding Hood'. In the story, the grandmother of the protagonist tells her how she suffers due to noise and air pollution during Diwali. The deadline for the completion of this project is this weekend, said the director.The government is also not behind in its effort to minimize noise pollution during Diwali. A project undertaken by the environment department, Environment Service Scheme (ESS) encourages students to participate in pollution- control activities.\"Students take up several projects throughout the year,\" said BN Patil from the department. Strangely, however, the ESS covers only 50 schools and that too not in Mumbai, where pollution is on the rise. In Mumbai, there are Eco Clubs in schools which also undertake activities for a better environment. There are around 150 eco clubs in the state, said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149111", "title": "Love story ends in tragedy as young couple ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: Two young lovers, who had fled from their homes, allegedly committed suicide by jumping in front of a speeding train at Mankapur railway crossing on Wednesday night. The couple took the extreme step just 15 minutes after the girl's family lodged an abduction complaint against the boy. According to police, abduction complaint was lodged around 11.15 pm while the news of couple's bodies found on the railway track came to cops at 11.30 pm.\"We had just alerted our patrolling cops about the couple and within 15 minutes we got the call about the bodies,\" said police. Cops suspect the couple might have learnt about the police complaint being made and hence took the drastic step.Seventeen-year-old Rashmi Bawangade, a resident of Bezonbagh, was a Standard XII science student while Hudco Colony resident Arman alias Deepak Karamchandani (21) owned a mobile shop at Jaripatka.On Wednesday around 1 pm, Rashmi left home for her college. The railway guard told cops that the couple was seen loitering near the railway tracks since evening. He asked them to leave the place but they said they were working on a college project on railway tracks. Before leaving for home, the guard again asked them to go away but they asked him for a few minutes more.Rashmi left home on Wednesday around 1 pm for her college. Her aunt, Nanda Ramteke said she was having her exam in the college. \"She didn't tell anything about her plans or any problem. Otherwise, we would have found a solution. When she did not return till night, we approached Jaripatka police station,\" said Ramteke.While her family claimed they had given the missing complaint of Rashmi, cops said her father Sunil had alleged kidnapping by Deepak. \"We had booked Deepak for abducting or inducing or compelling a girl for marriage,\" said police.Police said that families of both were aware of their relationship. However, they were not happy with it and had asked them to end it. Not willing to be separated, the couple chose to end life. The bodies were found by a passer-by. Rashmi's mutilated body was found on Godhni railway track while Deepak's was five metres away.Cops also found Rashmi's moped and a college bag at the spot. The college I-card helped cops identify Rashmi and also Deepak. After Rashmi's death, her parents Alka and Sunil, a private employee, are left with a 12-year-old son. Deepak's relatives said his parents were out of town since a few days and reached city Thursday morning. His two elder brothers had no clue about his plans.To avoid any argument between the families at Mayo mortuary where the bodies were taken for post mortem, Koradi police first called Rashmi's family to complete the formalities Karamchandanis were called a few hours later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17152488", "title": "With eye on 2014 polls, Gandhis in family bastion", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sparking off talks of an imminent change in the Congress ranks and Rahul Gandhi's elevation, the party's first family \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the Gandhi parivar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d made a rare coordinated appearance in their parliamentary constituencies of Rae Bareli and Amethi. It is also being seen as an early start by the family to cover the lost ground in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls. The party had tasted a near-rout in the Gandhis' bastion in the 2012 assembly election.While UPA chairperson and Congress president Sonia Gandhi arrived on a two-day tour of Rae Bareli on Wednesday, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi and sister Priyanka joined their mother in the family pocketborough on Thursday afternoon.This is the first time the trio visited Rae Bareli without having an election campaign to participate in. Though Priyanka was originally scheduled to visit Amethi for a day on Friday, after last minute changes she joined Rahul during his visit to Amethi. The first formal visit of the family after the recent Cabinet reshuffle could hint at a formal handing over of charge by the AICC president to son, Rahul, who is likely to be elevated to the rank of Congress working president.On Thursday, restructuring the party ranks was clearly part of the agenda; after landing in Fursatganj, Priyanka accompanied Rahul to Amethi where the duo met a local Congress leader Haji Sultan, met women from the Rajiv Gandhi Women's Development Project at Jais, after which Priyanka met the party's block-level workers at the Bhuemau guest house where she will stay the night. Locals said Priyanka said the party would be restructured at all levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149060", "title": "Traders anticipate a dull Diwali as cracker sales dip", "text": "NEW DELHI: 'Sonakshi' anars and 'Vidya' sparklers have failed to ignite Sadar Bazar's Diwali cracker market this year. And though there are 'chatar matars,' 'jumping frogs,' 'sweet sixteen' sparklers and the 'whistling torch' to kindle the festive mood, traders at Sadar Bazar are not rejoicing. They are complaining of a sombre Diwali as people are spending cautiously this year. Sales are low by almost 40% this time, compared to last year, they say.\"The packaging this time features all the hit heroines. Sonakshi is the latest to be featured. We also have 'hot mirchi Vidya' sparklers which are very colourful. But there are few takers,\" Mukesh Bhai Patakewala, a trader, said.At another store, the most potent cracker is '240', a box of fireworks that light up the sky. \"It costs around Rs 3,000. We have managed to sell around seven of them. The sales are low because of the inflation. People are buying small chakris and anars instead. Most people are coming with a small budget of Rs 500,\" said Kuldip Khanwal, another trader.Blonde models like Victoria Beckham and superhero illustrations were also seen on the packaging of many firecrackers. \"Though the firecrackers are made in Sivakasi, they have illustrations of Chinese kids and superhero pictures because of popular demand for Chinese crackers,\" said Rajeev, a trader.Despite restrictions, many Chinese firecrackers have been on sale. \"Chinese toy pistols look good and are cheaper than Indian ones. This year we plan to spend less on crackers, so we are buying Chinese pistols and magic pop crackers for our kids,\" said Sunita, a customer.The mood amongst traders is sombre with many anticipating huge losses. \"I don't think we will make any profits. I just hope it's not a huge loss. We expect sales to pick up marginally in a couple of days,\" Ram Prakash, another trader, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17149132", "title": "Maharashtra Pollution Control Board tests 12 firecrackers, 7 cross stipulated noise limit", "text": "PUNE: Of the 12 sound-emitting firecrackers tested by the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB), Pune, four in series were found crossing the stipulated limit of 105 dB and three single firecrackers crossed the maximum decibel limit of 145 dB. The tests were conducted to assess the compliance of noise level.Samples of different types of firecrackers from various companies available in the market were tested.All the series crackers, such as '2000 Shells,' 'Musical Mala,' 'Motta Tukada' and '1000 Lar', exceeded the stipulated limit. In case of single crackers, three of the eight crackers - 'Dynamite Bomb Foils,' 'Army Fighter Bomb' and 'Dynamite Bomb Green' - crossed the maximum stipulated limit.Noise standards for firecrackers have been notified under the Environmental (Protection) Act. As per the notification, manufacture, sale or use of fire crackers generating noise levels exceeding 125 decibel or 145 decibel at peak, at four metres distance from the point of bursting are prohibited for individual firecrackers. For fire crackers in series, the noise limit is more stringent with the permissible limit at 105 decibel.Anil D Mohekar, regional officer, MPCB, Pune, told TOI that the MPCB, in association with NGO Ranjai and MIT College, had organized the tests at MIT Ground on Wednesday. The tests were part of an activity to create awareness about the high noise levels generated during the bursting of the crackers and its associated adverse health impacts,\"The report of the tests has been sent to the board's head office in Mumbai. While police have the authority to take action, we are now looking at measures to stop the sale of these crackers in the market. We plan to urge the district authorities not to give permission for setting up stalls to sell these firecrackers. It is too late to act on the plan this year, but we will definitely take it up next year,'' Mohekar said.The MPCB report states that noise generated by firecrackers that are much higher than the prescribed levels can effect both health and behaviour of people. Unwanted sound (noise) can damage physiological and psychological health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150510", "title": "Cobra grabs limelight at high court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Discovery of a cobra on the premises of Punjab and Haryana HC sent lawyers and litigants into a tizzy on Thursday. An attendant found the three-foot-long snake at the new underground parking lot. The cobra, which appeared to have hatched this summer, was trying to warm itself under the ramp parking.Thankfully for the snake, attendants alerted snake catcher Salim Khan, who had to be hauled up from bed despite a raging fever. That ensured the cobra and everyone else would live.\"The cobra was sluggish at first. But when I prodded it with a bamboo stick, it tried to escape. I was able to capture the snake without injuring it,\" Salim said. The snake will be released in the Nepli forest on Friday. The high court is not new to encounters with snakes.Reptiles often slither into the area from the wooded area nearby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151338", "title": "Auto drivers union gives govt 50-day fare deadline", "text": "CHENNAI: The largest union of autorickshaw drivers in the state has responded to the state's interminable delays in revising fares by giving the government a 50-day deadline to decide on the new charges.Representatives of CITU on Thursday said auto drivers would start using meters based on fares they will decide themselves if the government does not come up with new rates by December 28.That could mean a surprise New Year's gift for commuters. If auto drivers sustain pressure on the authorities to revise fares they may, by early next month, be switching on their meters for the first time in many years.CITU president M S Rajendran said all members of the union \u00e2\u20ac\u201d or one-fourth of the auto drivers in the city \u00e2\u20ac\u201d would start using meters according to the fares they decide on if the authorities fail to meet the deadline.\"We have waited for a long time now. On December 28, we will go on a hunger strike in Chennai and organise protests across the state,\" Rajendran said. \"We will then start charging a reasonable metered fare.\"The union is likely to follow the tariff it had proposed on September 7 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a minimum fare of Rs 30 for the first 2 km and Rs 15 for every additional kilometre. \"We will print tariff cards for all vehicles and instruct drivers to strictly adhere to the rates,\" Rajendran said. \"Autorickshaw drivers of our union will have a symbol on their vehicle so customers can easily identify them.\"The government has made little progress on the new tariff since August, when the transport department submitted a draft report on rationalised fares to the home department. Auto drivers protested, saying they were not consulted before the government prepared the report. \"We held protests on September 30 and the transport commissioner promised to meet us. The meeting has not yet taken place,\" Rajendran said.According to the Motor Vehicles Act, it is the state government's responsibility to set fares for autorickshaws, taxis and buses. \"The government has not taken action against taxi operators who set their fares themselves so they should not have a problem if we come out with our own rates,\" Rajendran said.Transport officials said they could take action against auto drivers if they arbitrarily fix fares themselves. \"We will discuss their demands with the home department and see what should be done,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17149644", "title": "Bokaro rides high on 'moto-rickshaws'", "text": "BOKARO: At a time when even a scooty costs more than Rs 30,000, rickshaw-pullers here have found a novel and a cheaper way to ride high on speed. \"Jugad-gadi\" is a new avatar of the familiar three-wheeler rickshaw but the only difference is that it is being run with a scooter engine.The township is now crawling with these contraptions, which have earned a new name, \"moto-rickshaw\" and can pick up speed as good as a scooty and cover 30 km on a litre of petrol.What's more, the ride is smooth, minus the discomfort of a rickshaw ride and a driver does not need a driving licence and registration number. Jawahar, a motor mechanic, who is quite popular among van and rickshaw-pullers, said he has assembled more than a hundred \"jugad-gadis\" in the past two years.It takes him about three days to put together the contraption. \"Old scooter engines can be procured from the market for Rs 2,500 to Rs 3,000 and a rickshaw or a van costs around Rs 10, 000,\" explained Jawahar, who charges Rs 3,000 for the makeover. The completed version costs around Rs 16,000.Explaining his technique, he said he first dismantles the engine, wires and handle of the scooter and then installs the engine between the two wheels of the rickshaw. He connects the engine to the scooter handle by replacing it with the original handle.Jawahar said he got the idea from a rickshaw-puller, Ram, who had remodelled his rickshaw about three years ago in this way. \"Ram would say that he had the fastest rickshaw in Bokaro. But his innovative device ran into rough weather when the engine was seized for being run on kerosene. He actually wanted to save money and so was running it on kerosene. I borrowed his concept but chose to run the machines on petrol,\" said Jawahar.Jairath Yadav, a rickshaw-puller, said he was very happy with the innovation. \"Earlier I could manage only three to four trips but after I upgraded it, I can make sometimes even 14 trips and earn much more,\" he said.Manoj Kumar , another rickshaw-puller, also said his business is booming since he can deliver goods on time.\"I can make many trips because the rickshaw now runs fast. But I make it a point to keep relevant documents regarding the mechanical makeover with me in case I am asked to produce them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17151511", "title": "Engineering body contests Pandhare's claims, whistleblower rubbishes it", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Engineering Services Confederation has claimed that the controversy over irrigation projects that started after Vijay Pandhare's allegations has demoralized its members. It has also claimed that contrary to claims by Pandhare, the irrigation potential in the state has increased by 28% over the past decade.\"It may be noted that between 2000-01 and 2010-11, the figures presented by the agriculture department during assembly session showed 0.1% increase in the area under cultivation to the total irrigated land,\" S D Chandsure, secretary-general of the confederation, said.He said as per the water resources department, in 2000-01, the irrigated land was 37.69 lakh hectare and it increased to 78.55 lakh hectare by 2010-11. \"It was not the fault of WRD if the agriculture sector did not take water from the department for irrigation,\" he said.The confederation claimed that the issues were blown out of proportion by Pandhare and the serving officials remained silent only because the service manual did not permit them to speak to the media.\"We believed that storm would settle down after some time, which did not happen,\" the senior engineer said, claiming that the political one-upmanship between two political parties was taking toll of engineers.\"Had there been irregularities to such an extent, the dams and the barrages would have, by now, given away. The political rivalry between two leaders is taking toll of the irrigation sector of the state. It has resulted in lowering of morale of employees and officers,\" the engineer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17152427", "title": "This Diwali is all about foreign trips for Hyderabadis", "text": "HYDERABAD: This long Diwali weekend, Hyderabadis are planning a short holiday to Rwanda or Bali in Indonesia apart from the usual Indian favourites. Travel agencies across the city say businesses were looking up this Diwali with bookings for four-five day packages along with inquiries seeing a jump of around 30 to 40% in the last few days.Apart from the usually preferred international destinations like Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia and Dubai, tour operators said there was an increase in enquiries for other places like Nepal, Bhutan, South Africa, Tanzania and Macau as well. \"This season, at least 20 enquiries have already been made for the Nepal-Bhutan package as it is very different from the usually popular destinations. Packages for Sri Lanka, Indonesia, South Africa and Rwanda-Tanzania too are being asked for,\" said Ashok Ande of Frontier Holidays.Traditionally during Diwali, denizens prefer to stay in Hyderabad, but with the long weekend approaching, locals are planning to take off in a bid to break the monotone of their daily routines.Tour operators say people were also travelling to domestic destinations like the Andaman Islands and exotic locales like Pachmarhi in MP. Some even planned to visit the popular metros with friends. \"I am going to Bangalore first and then to Mumbai with 10 friends. We planned this trip well in advance to make the most of the few holidays we get for the festival,\" said Nishant Kohli, a Hitech City MNC employee.Other tour operators say many people were opting for customised tours instead of readymade packages with destinations like Dubai, Macau, Hong Kong and Bali among the most popular destinations. Cashing in on the rising demand for travel packages, many tour operators have also come up with various Diwali special offers to attract more customers. While some are offering a discount of around 10% others are putting together shorter packages to suit the needs of the busy professional looking for a quick getaway.With an increase in the number of people travelling this Diwali, agencies also reported a significant rise in business. \"Bookings are at 50% more than last season. This year, we started getting bookings for Diwali from last month itself,\" Nitin Bhandari, franchise owner of Cox and Kings in Secunderabad said. A majority of the population travelling from the city also comprises young professionals and students opting for college trips and excursions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150005", "title": "Jewellers ready with lucrative offers this Diwali", "text": "PATNA: Despite a lukewarm business during Durga Puja this year, city jewellers are all geared up with lucrative offers in a bid to attract more customers on Dhanteras and Diwali.They believe that keeping in mind the tradition of buying jewellery on Dhanteras, Patnaites won't cut on their bullion budgets.Umesh Tekriwal, manager of a branded jewellery showroom on Fraser Road, said, \"Compared to last year, the market is a little down this Diwali, but we are hopeful that people will come out on Dhanteras.\"He said, \"People mostly go for lightweight ethnic designs in chains or earrings and we are also offering 'making charge' discount on selected models. Gold and silver coins are also popular on Diwali.\" He added that gold rates would probably be around Rs 3,150-Rs 3,200 per gram on Dhanteras.The festive offers are galore. Shekhar Keshri, owner of a leading jewellery shop near Dak Bungalow roundabout, said, \"We are offering 50% off on the making charge of Hallmark jewellery and 100% off on the making of diamond jewellery. For jewellery purchases worth Rs 30,000 or more, we will give gifts and there's a bumper prize for people planning to tie the knot - 'Aasmaan mein sagai'\".Asked about the latest market trends, Keshri said, \"We are looking forward to better sales in Diwali compared to Dussehra.\" He added that while diamonds are being preferred by most people, a particular section also splurges on heavy gold ornaments. He said, \"Bangles and neck pieces are mostly preferred for personal buying while rings and earrings are favoured for gift purposes.\"Despite the yellow metal prices moving north, jewellers are hopeful of increased footfalls at their shops on Dhanteras.Aditya Saraf, owner of a jewellery store at one of the city malls, said, \"We have replenished our stock and are hopeful of a good sale.Not only are we offering discounts on particular ornaments, we will also be giving gifts on Dhanteras.\" Asked what is in trend this season, Saraf said. \"The market is right now design-oriented, not price-oriented, and we have some classy Italian designs on offer.\"Another jeweller Vishal Kumar Gupta said, \"People mostly go for traditional pieces during festivals. We have various festive offers and are anticipating an increase in sales during Diwali.\"Banks, postal services also pitch inBanks have also come up with festive offers for customers who want to invest in gold or silver coins and bars. Postal services are also not far behind, offering a 7% discount on all gold coins, said Anil Kumar, director, postal services.While HDFC Bank has 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 gram gold coins on sale, SBI offers a wider array of gold coins in the range of 2, 4, 5, 8, 10, 20 and 50 grams with discounts on it. Bank of India is trying to attract more buyers by offering discounts on gold coins depending on the quantity purchased. Some bank branches would be open on Dhanteras, which falls on a Sunday this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17152032", "title": "Made Snana ritual will be modified", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government on Thursday informed the high court that it has decided to modify the controversial practice of 'Made Made Snana' at the Kukke Subramanya temple in Dakshina Kannada district.The ritual involves devotees rolling over leftovers of food partaken by Brahmins on plantain leaves.From now on, this practice will be discontinued. Instead, food offered to the deity at the sanctum sanctorum as 'naivedyam' (offering to the God) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d not tasted or eaten by anybody \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will be placed on plantain leaves in the outer yard of the temple.Devotees who want to perform ritual will be allowed to perform it, the state government told a division bench headed by chief justice Vikramajit Sen.The state high court also recorded the statement made by additional advocate general KM Nataraj that no 'pankti bhedha' (discrimination based on caste/religion/gender) will be allowed, and the whole ritual is open to all and is voluntary.The additional advocate general said any more modifications to the ritual may have a negative effect.Veerabhadra Chennamalla Swamiji, along with several others, had filed a petition describing the practice as against the spirit of the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150725", "title": "Ahmedabad hospitals scrubbing out new virus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city may be reeling from a dengue outbreak but another virus has grabbed the attention of infectious disease specialists. Scrub typhus, a virus only marginally less deadly than the CCHF virus which causes the dreaded Congo fever, is being reported by city hospitals.The only comfort is that there are no reports of a scrub typhus outbreak in Gujarat. All the patients admitted here are from Rajasthan. Doctors say there is a steady influx of scrub typhus cases from Rajasthan, which like CCHF is spread by an insect bite.While CCHF is spread through ticks found on animals, the scrub typhus virus is spread through mites found in rice. Three patients \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all women \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were brought to Sterling Hospital in a critical condition with the scrub typhus viral fever. All women were from Lakhadvaas village in Rajasthan.Rajasthan Hospital has reported six-odd cases of scrub typhus viral fever. All patients \u00e2\u20ac\u201d four women and two men \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are from areas near Udaipur.The first patient was a 35-year old woman who was suffering a high fever for a week but had failed to respond to a wide spectrum of higher antibiotics. \"When she was brought to us, she was critical with sepsis and was breathless due to a lung infection. While most viral fevers produce the same symptoms, which render diagnosis difficult, the biggest clue was a black scab on her skin \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the textbook diagnosis of scrub typhus. This helped save her life. A sample was sent to Hinduja hospital and the diagnosis was confirmed\", says consultant infectious diseases specialist at Sterling, Dr Atul Patel.Dr Patel said that while diagnosis of ST virus is very tricky, treatment is relatively simple and gives miraculous results. \"ST virus responds very well to tetracycline group of antibiotics. The woman had a miraculous recovery which prompted the family to call other patients suffering from the disease to come to the city for treatment\", says Dr Patel.Dr Jigar Mehta, critical care specialist at Rajasthan hospital said that diagnosis is difficult as the mite bite or scab is not always visible. \"Patients also have rashes all over their body due to a drastic drop in platelet count. However, if one is sure of the clinical diagnosis, lives can be saved,\" says Dr Mehta.Reports suggest scrub typhus is a relatively new virus which has affected people in Himachal Pradesh and Rajasthan. The neighbouring state is most affected, the virus was first reported in Alwar and several cases have been reported from 11 other districts since then. The other districts are Ajmer, Bharatpur, Bhilwara, Dausa, Dholpur, Jaipur, Karouli, Sikar, Sawai Madhopur and Tonk.Unofficial figures have put the death toll due to ST to over 40 and counting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153706", "title": "Madhur is on a thanksgiving spree", "text": "There is no mistaking the cheer in director Madhur Bhandarkar's voice, even though he's just stepped out from an hour-long rigorous work-out session at the gym. With the case of rape and criminal intimidation filed against him by aspiring starlet Pretti Jaiin quashed by the Supreme Court, a delighted Madhur says, \"My phone hasn't stopped ringing, and the SMSes won't stop. It is like an avalanche that has lifted from my head. When my senior counsel Harish Salve broke the news to me, I went numb with joy and disbelief. Once the news sunk in, I hugged my lawyers, and the tears just flowed.\"After letting his wife Renu and mother know of this happy development, Madhur headed straight to Delhi's Gurudwara Bangla Sahab. \"I'd always known the allegations levelled against me were false and baseless, but for all that I still had to go through this ordeal for eight-and-a half long years,\" he says.On his flight back from Delhi to Mumbai, ensconced on his window seat and plugged into Lata Mangeshkar's song Zindagi Pyaar Ka Geet Hai , Madhur says he had all the time to reflect and introspect. \"From July 2004 to November 5, 2012, I've done the rounds of magistrate court, sessions court and the Supreme Court. It has taken a lot out of me, but I knew I was not in the wrong. I kept my faith. The support of loved ones and well wishers sustained me.\"Does he harbour any ill feelings against Preeti? \"Life is too short to harbour negativity of any kind. Besides, I have my mother, wife, daughter, and sister at home, and I don't want to upset the middle-class values we're firmly anchored to by taking this any further. Finally, all's well that ends well,\" he says. The sleeplessness of a happy man!The filmmaker insists that through these testing times, he has remained strong and did not let it affect him professionally at all. \"I did not let it cut into my professional sphere. I have made some of my best movies in this time. I have three National Awards to my name, and have been feted by the president of the country on three occasions. Ironically, women have been my biggest supporters, and many women's organizations had me as their chief guest. So, yes , God's been kind, and has compensated me well.\"With this unfortunate episode behind him, will he do things differently now? Laughs Madhur, \"For starters, I now have a very good understanding of the law! But, seriously, all my casting decisions I now leave to a credible and reputed c a s t i n g agency. Also, if there's one thing this painful incident has taught me is that I have become more aware, alert, and conscious of everything.\"Are celebrations in the offing? Right now, Madhur says, his victory celebration will only be with the Gods. \"I will pay my obeisance to the church of Mount Mary, visit the shrine of Vaishno Devi, and the dargah of Ajmer Sharief,\" informs Madhur, whose first stop after returning from Delhi was to walk all the way from his home in Khar, Mumbai, to the Siddhi Vinayak temple in Prabhadevi.On the professional front, Madhur, says, \"Heroine's been received well. Kareena says she's received a lot of praise for her performance. My film may have rubbed some people from the industry the wrong way, but I am not going to make my movies any differently in the fear of whom I might offend or displease,\" says Madhur, who's soon off to Cairo to represent India on an international film jury.Ask Madhur if he'll sleep much better from now on, and he shares, \"You won't believe this, but on the day I got this news, I couldn't sleep a wink. There was much tossing and turning about on the bed, but this was the sleeplessness of a happy man!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150628", "title": "Can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t keep child labourers in remand home: High court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court on Thursday, ruled that child labourers must not be kept in remand or observation homes.Acting on a PIL filed by a lawyer, Rohit Verma, regarding custody of juvenile labourers, the bench headed by Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya said that a child labourer is a juvenile in need of care and protection, whereas those in observation homes are juveniles in conflict with law. Hence these two types of children must not be permitted to intermingle or must not be treated the same way. Child labourers detained from their workplace should be kept either in a shelter home or other protective house.The high court also issued directions as sought in the PIL that juvenile labourers cannot be detained for over 24 hours, and the child should be produced before the welfare committee within this period, even if only one member is available.The PIL, which was filed through advocate Umesh Trivedi, contended that the irregular constitution of Child Welfare Committees results in atrocities on the juvenile labourer because authorities neither produce the child before nor is his custody given to guardians or concerned organizations. The PIL claimed that the committee is expected to sit on working days in a week to decide the cases of child labour, and the children are kept in observation homes till the committee becomes available.The petitioner, Verma, cited the case of 16-year old Ajay Parmar, who was picked up by a voluntary organization from a tea stall. The kid's mother went to the remand home in Khanpur to take his custody, but she was denied as the Child Welfare Committee hadn't made a decision. He was kept at a remand home only because the committee does not sit on all days of the week.Verma sought direction from the HC for regular sittings of the committee, and that child labourers not be kept in remand homes. The high court granted both prayers with the observation that the child's custody should immediately be given to guardians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149134", "title": "States' plea to extend RTE deadline turned down", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre overruled states' demand for extension in deadline for implementation of the Right to Education Act by March, 2013, asking them instead to redouble their efforts. Some states like Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and others have been vocal in their demand for an extension.A resolution passed by the apex education body \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Central Advisory Board of Education (CABE) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on Thursday said that the deadline would be reviewed in the next meeting.The CABE committee, chaired by HRD minister Pallam Raju, also unanimously supported the ``prohibition of unfair practices in schools bill''.According to government data, almost 40% of schools do not have a favourable pupil teacher ratio of 1: 30, while 8.6 lakh or 20% of teachers in the country's schools are not adequately trained. There are also gaps in infrastructure like functioning toilets, drinking water and ramps. About 39% of schools do not have adequate facilities for ramps and drinking water.Bihar education minister P K Shahi had stressed the poor financial condition of his state pointing out that the allocation of Rs 20,000 crore meant for the entire country was just enough to make the state schools RTE compliant. ``The Centre should consider the financial condition of the states before introducing new schemes. We will not be able to meet the March, 2013, deadline,'' he said.However, educationists have protested against the states demand arguing that an extension would ensure that tardiness would set in. Educationist Vinod Raina, who was a key architect of the RTE Act, said, ``I feel that targets should not be extended. We should have achieved universal access to education in the 1960s.''Claiming that were an increasing number of violations of minorities' rights in states in contravention of the Constitution, minorities affairs minister K Rahman Khan suggested setting up of a sub-committee under the CABE to address these issues.He added that several states were enacting rules and defining minorities which was not in their domain and suggested that Centre should issue clear directions on the issue.It is the Centre's duty to ensure that there is uniformity in implementation of the RTE. Though the states are provided the power to make rules, the rules cannot be in violation of the Constitution, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17148790", "title": "Telcos with extra spectrum to pay govt Rs 25,000 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday decided to get mobile operators to pay for extra spectrum held by them, a move that will make the cash-strapped exchequer richer by over Rs 25,000 crore, although industry players warned of a possible increase in call tariffs.The decision is expected to hit Bharti Airtel and Vodafone the most. Other players, including Idea Cellular , Reliance Communications , MTNL and Tata Teleservices , will also be affected.An official statement said the government would charge for all spectrum beyond 4.4 mega hertz held by telecom companies once auction prices are available. The \"prospective\" levy is expected to come into effect from the January-March quarter.Separately, operators holding over 6.2MHz airwaves would have to pay for it from July 2008. Here the levy will have two elements. For 2008 to December 2012, the Centre will use the 2001 price of Rs 1,658 crore as the benchmark and adjust it for inflation. From January, the auction-determined price will be used.\"The one-time charge decision is expected to impact the industry with an additional financial burden of Rs 30,000 crore (approximately), which eventually, will be passed on to the consumers in the form of increased prices for their services,\" the Cellular Operators Association of India, the lobby group representing GSM players said in a statement. The government on Thursday postponed a decision on how to deal with excess spectrum (over 2.5Mhz) with CDMA players.According to telecom department estimates, if the spectrum is sold at a minimum price fixed by it, then the government will get Rs 30,927 crore from one-time fee. This estimate included around Rs 5,900 crore from CDMA players having spectrum beyond 2.5Mhz.Separately, Bharti Airtel CEO Sanjay Kapoor said that the tariffs need to be increased as marginal costs were not covered. Next year, the burden is going to increase further as the companies would have to pay for spectrum at market-determined prices when their licences come up for renewal.For the moment, the government has focused on excess spectrum and Thursday's cabinet decision was in line with recommendations of a ministerial panel headed by finance minister P Chidambaram.Telecom minister Kapil Sibal hoped his ministry's calculations of garnering about Rs 31,000 crore from the surcharge would be met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17149399", "title": "Street dogs a hounded lot in Rourkela", "text": "ROURKELA: The Rourkela Municipality launched a drive to control the population of dogs here recently. The dogs will also be vaccinated against rabies and skin infections. The Centre has sanctioned Rs 15 lakh to the Rourkela Municipality under the Animal Birth Control (ABC) scheme.\"Four of our staff were trained by veterinarians to handle street dogs and a kennel has been built in the District Veterinary Office complex by the Rourkela Municipality to house 10 dogs,\" said Bijay Swain, executive officer of Rourkela Municipality. \"A team of our trained staff and veterinary officials was constituted to execute all activities such as catching dogs, vaccinating and sterilizing them,\" Swain said.There are around 25,000 dogs in Rourkela municipal area. \"This being a birth control programme, we will sterilize around 70% of the street dogs. As a result, the remaining 30% can give birth to the required number of dogs for ecological balance,\" said P K Moharana, a veterinarian, who is the the nodal officer of this programme.\"We are catching around 10 dogs from one locality every day and keeping them in the kennel after giving them a hygienic bath. The day after we carry out the surgery after administering anaesthesia,\" said Moharana. \"The ovary and uterus from the female dogs are removed where as vasectomy is done in case of male dogs,\" Moharana added. \"During the sterilization process, necessary vaccination is also given to the dogs to take care of their perennial problems like worming, skin infection and rabies,\" he said.\"The dogs after recovery from surgery would be released at the place from where they were lifted,\" said the executive officer of Rourkela Municipality. \"The drive would be a continuous process and a team would be monitoring the dog population on a regular basis,\" Swain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17150527", "title": "950gm heroin seized in Gurdaspur district", "text": "AMRITSAR: Border Security Force jawans arrested one Indian smuggler and seized 950gm of heroin from Basantar in Gurdaspur district.BSF's inspector general (frontier) Aditya Mishra said on Thursday that, following a tip off they searched a tractor trolley of a 56-year-old farmer Darshan Singh and recovered one packet of heroin wrapped in a polythene bag .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17150251", "title": "Collector tells Guntur hospital doctors to fall in line or quit", "text": "GUNTUR: Taking the doctors and staff at the Government General Hospital (GGH) to task, district collector S Suresh Kumar warned that indiscipline and mediocre services to patients would not be tolerated. He went to the extent of asking doctors who were not interested in serving the poor to quit the GGH.In a two-hour long visit to the GGH on Thursday, the district collector virtually left the doctors and staff sweating. He also put the superintendent Challa Mohan Rao on notice for not acting tough against errant medical officers.\"I told all of you nearly three months ago that I want perfect services in the GGH. I do not see any change in the situation even now,\" he said. The collector also admonished the doctors in the wards for being without uniform. He directed the superintendent to mark deputy chief medical officer Reddy for not being in uniform and without a name badge. \"How can the patients recognise you as doctors?\" he asked.Repelled by the unhygienic conditions prevalent on the hospital premises, the district collector fumed at the administrative Officer and asked him to summon the sanitation contractor. He asked the GGH superintendent not to pay the sanitation bill to the contractor for the current month till he appeared before him.At one point of time, the collector lost his cool and gave a dressing down to superintendent Mohan Rao. \"Do you want me to visit the GGH every day? Can't you monitor the cleanliness in your hospital?\" the collector fumed in full public glare leaving the superintendent almost in tears. Upon seeing the heavy rush at the out-patient queue, the collector directed the officials to open another counter to issue slips.Later reviewing the implementation of Rajeev Aarogyasri programme in the GGH, the collector asked all the medical officers to prescribe only generic medicines to avoid financial burden on the patients. \"If certain drugs are not available, you should discuss the issue with the superintendent and get them from central store by sending indents in advance,\" he suggested. The collector was also furious that the government doctors were referring certain cases to private hospitals by giving misleading information to the patients.He said that nearly 113 diseases were listed in Aarogyasri and there was no point in sending the patients to private hospitals with the motive of getting a percentage from them. \"I do not want to embarrass you further by taking the names of those medical officers who are misleading innocent patients. about whom I have full information and evidence against these doctors. I suggest you to correct yourselves and serve the poor,\" the collector advised. He pointed out that doctors in the cardiology and neurology wings were prescribing expensive drugs to patients who do not need them.The collector also withheld house rent allowance (HRA) of 26 medical officers working in various public health centres (PHCs). \"The decision was taken after due inquiry following complaints from locals,\" the district collector said here on Thursday. He said it was found that the 26 doctors were not residing at the place of their posting and, hence, were ineligible to draw HRA.The collector directed the Tenali division level hospital services coordinator to seek an explanation from eight doctors working in the Bapatla area hospital for not residing in the town. He also issued a memo to the Bapatla hospital superintendent Krishnamurthy for not bringing the situation at the hospital to his notice.A report against the 18 medical officers had to be sent to the Andhra Pradesh Vaidya Vidhana Parishad (APVVP) as they were working in the hospitals being managed by it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17149205", "title": "Mane was normal, says psychiatrist", "text": "PUNE: The prosecution's case on Wednesday got a major boost after a psychiatrist at the mental hospital here told the court that Santosh Mane was normal and that no abnormality was detected when he was kept under observation at the hospital between January 28 and February 6.On January 25, Mane had hijacked a state transport bus from the Swargate bus depot and driven it for 14 km around the city on a manic spree that left nine dead and 31 injured.Bhalchandra Manikrao Donglikar, superintendent of the mental hospital, was examined by the public prosecutor Ujjwala Pawar before additional sessions judge V K Shewale. Donglikar said that the four-member expert panel set up to examine Mane did not find any psychiatric symptoms and that Mane was not suffering from any psychiatric illness.However, during cross examination Donglikar admitted that he had collected information about the previous treatment taken by Mane from a psychiatrist in Solapur, but had not examined the medical papers.He admitted that a patient can be violent or non-violent if he discontinues treatment from a psychiatrist. He refuted the suggestion of the defence that he had prepared false medical papers and that he was deposing falsely in the case because of public outcry and police pressure.The prosecution has examined 34 witnesses. The case will now come up for hearing on December 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "dharmapuri", "code": "17151170", "title": "Inter-caste marriage sparks riot in Tamil Nadu district, 148 dalit houses torched", "text": "DHARMAPURI: Outraged by the suicide of a man who felt humiliated after his daughter married a dalit boy in secret, a mob of non-dalits went on the rampage in three villages of Dharmapuri district, looting and burning houses of dalits late on Wednesday, police said.The 2,500-strong mob set ablaze 148 houses in Natham, Anna Nagar and Kondampatti villages. They claimed that the \"humiliation\" caused by the marriage and the refusal of the dalits to send the woman back home had resulted in the suicide of G Nagarajan (48). The mob looted valuables before setting the houses on fire.Though 300 policemen were present, they failed to control the mob after being grossly outnumbered. The arson and looting continued till 9.30pm when additional police forces arrived on the scene.Talking to TOI on Thursday, IG (west zone) T P Sundaramoorthy said the situation was brought under control after an additional 1,000 personnel were deployed and more than 90 people arrested. Cases had been registered against 210 others, he said.Nagarajan ended his life at his residence in Sellankottai, not far from the Natham dalit colony, on Wednesday evening. The autopsy was delayed because of frequent power cuts, and the body was handed over to his relatives only on Thursday evening. Later, police said, a group of dalits set fire to two houses belonging to non-dalits in Natham.Govt announces compensationAnnouncing compensation of 50,000 to each family that lost its house and belongings, chief minister J Jayalalithaa said on Thursday that severe action would be taken against those responsible for the violence. In a statement, she said police had rushed to the spot and were taking necessary measures. She instructed the district authorities to extend all help to the affected in the violence.Police said Nagarajan's daughter Divya, 20, eloped with dalit youth Ilavarasan, 23, about a month ago, and they got married in a temple. As the non-dalits threatened them against entering Ilavarasan's house in the Natham dalit colony, the couple approached the Salem police, seeking protection.Meanwhile, the non-dalits conducted a 'kangaroo' court and directed the dalit family to return the woman on Wednesday. But Divya refused to obey them and made it clear that she would continue to live with Ilavarasan. Dharmapuri SP Asra Garg said the kangaroo court was held at Nayakkankottai village last week and the police were searching for those who took part in it and orchestrated the violence.Fire tenders were not able to reach the villages in time because huge trees had been cut down on the roads to block them. Services of the Rapid Action Force had been requested to maintain law and order, he said.Dharmapuri collector R Lilly said the homeless had been put up in three government schools.Politics stoking caste fireIn a state that boasts of being progressive, caste divide is rearing its ugly head once again. The violence that rocked Natham in Dharmapuri district on Wednesday has reversed a recent positive trend in the northern districts of Tamil Nadu, once a hotbed of simmering caste tension between Vanniyars and dalits.Activists point out that this is the first big caste violence in the last two decades in Dharmapuri. The last decade had seen leaders of the dominant communities in the region, the Vanniyars and the dalits, campaigning together for communal harmony.\"Tamil Nadu is a land of reformation. Usually, political and social leaders of the state advocate inter-caste marriages and successive state governments have encouraged progressive development. But in recent months, this positive trend has changed and a few caste leaders have been openly campaigning against inter-caste marriages,\" said writer-politician D Ravikumar, state secertary of the Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi , a dalit party with a presence in the north. \"They have indirectly encouraged killings in the name of honour and even ignited violence. This should be stopped through progressive initiatives,\" he said.Caste leaders have gone one regressive step further to warn activists against encouraging the union between couples of different castes and even issuing diktats against love marriages. PMK MLA J Guru, who heads the Vanniyar Sangam, the first avatar of the PMK, shocked progressive groups when he issued an open threat at a community meeting, forbidding inter-caste unions. Similarly, the Kongu Vellala Goundergal Peravai, which claims to represent the community, issued advertisements in newspapers calling a meeting of community members to oppose inter-caste marriages and launched a campaign against it.Activists point out that the violence in Dhamrapuri had occurred in a hamlet which used to have a strong presence of the left movement. \"The district was once the headquarters of the 'naxalbari' movement. Hence caste violence in such a place has come as a surprise,\" said a police officer.Well-known Tamil writer Manushaputhiran pointed out that political parties have been using caste as a tool to improve their prospects. \"Caste feeling is not only a cultural issue now. Caste parties have been using it as a powerful political tool as well,\" he said.While there is a lack of cooperation between dalit and non-dalit leaders in southern Tamil Nadu to end the divide, PMK leader S Ramadoss and Dalit leader Thol Tirumavalavan made some efforts for communal amity in the northern belt. Ramadoss unveiled dalit leader Ambedkar's statue in many places and the VCK in turn honoured him by awarding him the Ambedkar Award.The caste tension between Vanniyars and dalits was seen to have ended in the early 2000 because of this truce between the two leaders, who came together under the umbrella of Tamil Protection Movement. But the bonhomie did not last and Ramadoss recently declared that his party would align only with caste parties for elections in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17151303", "title": "Bharti scion launches instant messaging app", "text": "MUMBAI: Bharti SoftBank Holdings (BSB) - spearheaded by Kavin Bharti Mittal, one of the twin sons of billionaire Sunil Bharti Mittal - is entering the fast-growing mobile instant messaging market, taking on the likes of Blackberry messenger and Whatsapp.Hike, which is being launched globally, comes after six months of BSB buying a 49% equity stake in a Gurgaon-based mobile start-up Y2CF Digital. In an interaction with TOI, the Bharti scion said the mobile app market in India is currently fragmented, which is where Hike will look to come in and plug the gap. The JV will also launch a mobile portal in association with Yahoo! Japan early next year and make an announcement on the gaming front soon.\"In the last couple of years, instant messaging has taken over SMS in a big way as operators see revenues decline or remain largely stagnant. Currently, there are five-six different services and no one app ties everyone together. Hike is an attempt to make that happen,\" said the 26-year-old Mittal who heads strategy and new product development at BSB. Hike, a cross-platform messaging service, will also allow users to send messages to people who have not downloaded the app in the form of an SMS. Mittal said he will be working with operators to introduce new revenue streams in order to monetize the app. This will mean tying up with operators on the billing front once the service gains critical mass.The slow uptick of 3G in India has been one of the big deterrents for the growth of data-led services in the country, Mittal said. \"In an emerging market, building data services is difficult. So the pace at which 3G is picking up affects everyone building mobile apps. But in the next two-three years, things will accelerate. It is a matter of when and not if,\" said the self-acclaimed tech enthusiast who has interned at McLaren Racing, Google and Goldman Sachs .The mobile data services market is projected to grow to Rs 67,100 crore by 2015, according to a recent report by Internet and Mobile Association of India, and will contribute 54% of telecom revenue.Talking about the targets set for BSB's location-based service Hoppr and just-launched Hike, without giving any specific number of the traffic coming in, Mittal said, \"We believe that 10 million is the new one million.\" BSB is an equal joint venture between telecom-to-retail conglomerate Bharti Enterprises and Japanese communications major SoftBank Corp, which was announced in October last year to build digital consumer properties across mobile, internet, gaming and social media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153571", "title": "Kamal Haasan: 'Vishwaroopam' won't hurt any community", "text": "While, Viswaroopam's audio, which was earlier scheduled to be launched on November 7 had been postponed, Kamal Hassan released a new Auro 3D trailer of his Viswarooopam on his birthday\"My film is neither about terrorism nor Islam. It won't even hurt any community for that matter. The story traverses through the adversities of war, and, therefore it may appear as though it's about terrorism, but it's not,\" said Kamal on his birthday during the new trailer release.Kamal, who has written and directed 'Vishwaroopam', has co-produced the film with PVP cinemas.The film, which has music by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, stars Rahul Bose , Andrea Jeremiah, Pooja Kumar and Jaideep Ahlawat in lead roles.The film has a Hindi version, which is titled 'Vishwaroop'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151472", "title": "Expert who jumped bail top heist suspect", "text": "CHENNAI: Investigators tracking Wednesday's theft of 200 sovereigns of gold jewellery and 2 lakh in cash, from the house of an AIADMK functionary in Choolaimedu, said they suspect that professional 'bureau puller' Nagamuthu was responsible for the heist.Investigating officers said Nagamuthu, 30, jumped bail in October 18 and has been absconding since then. He was detained under the Goondas Act in 2007 after being charged in more than 40 cases in Madipakkam limits alone. He had been released on conditional bail.\"We were not able to collect any fingerprint evidence or other proof from the scene of crime,\" said an officer. However, he said, Nagamuthu is the only criminal in the city that the police know of with the expertise to commit a theft like the one in Choolaimedu on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17151322", "title": "Visa on Arrival: CM to write to Centre", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Trivandrum International Airport director V N Chandran on Thursday met chief minister Oommen Chandy with a request to take up the matter of granting visa on arrival (VoA) facility for the airport with the central government.\"A delegation led by the CM had approached the home ministry and represented the matter. They were informed by the ministry that they have no objection to the VoA being implemented at the airport but there was some concerns regarding the security preparedness at the airport. The airport director on Thursday morning assured the CM that the airport is well-equipped to deal with any situation. The CM will pass on this message via a letter on Friday to the Union tourism minister, home minister and the prime minister, urging them to send an official clearance for the service at the airport,\" said the CM's office.Despite making all logistical preparations for facilitating issuance of VoA and informing the Union home ministry and bureau of immigration over six weeks ago, no response had come through from the bureau of immigration. The VoA has been implemented in four metro airports. Hyderabad, Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram airports are all vying for the speedy implementation of the scheme.\"The bureau of immigration first said it did not receive any intimation about the Trivandrum International Airport and later there was talk about lobbying at the bureau of immigration-level to implement the VoA at Hyderabad as the first non-metro airport,\" said a source from the home ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17152069", "title": "Mumbai FC hope to end poor run", "text": "PUNE: Desperate times call for desperate measures and no points from four games is reason enough for Mumbai FC to try something outlandish in a bid to earn their first points of the I-League when they host Sporting Clube de Goa at the Balewadi Stadium in Pune, on Friday.Languishing at the bottom of the table with a defence that has leaked in 10 goals and strikers who have missed gilt-edged chances that would have changed much for Mumbai FC, coach Khalid Jamil has more than just a few problems to worry about.On paper, the Mumbai side has a fairly decent team with impressive acquisitions in the foreign players department.But they haven't been able to translate any of that on field. Strikers Yusif Yakubu and ND Opara come with enough experience and will have to be more clinical in front of goal given their side's frailties at the back.Mumbai FC will hope the return of midfielder Evans Quao from suspension gives them an attacking edge.Sporting, who with four points and sit on 11position are spearheaded by the versatile Ogba Kalu and it wouldn't be cocky of them to think they could walk away with more than just the single point that Mumbai FC would target.ONGC will be up against Mohun Bagan in another game to be played at the Ambedkar Stadium, in Delhi.FIXTURESIn Kolkata:Arrows vs Pune FC;In New Delhi:ONGC vs Mohun Bagan;In Goa:Salgaocar vs Churchill Brothers;In Pune:Mumbai FC vs Sporting Clube de Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17149606", "title": "Precious stone dealer nabbed in Jamshedpur", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Kadma police on Thursday arrested a Patna-based gem trader in connection with the purchase of illegally mined emerald stone and other precious stones worth millions of rupees.Sources said police nabbed the trader, Arun Kumar alias Annu, from Uliyan at Kadma and recovered about 500 gms of emerald and other precious stones from him. Police said Kumar arrived here to purchase the emerald stones illegally mined from Gurabandha area under the Ghatshila police station area recently.In September, three people were killed when they got trapped in a tunnel-like structure while excavating the emerald mine illegally in Gurabandha.\"In the course of investigation we found involvement of other people also. Police are conducting raids in the effort to nab them,\" said SP (rural) Rajeev Ranjan Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17149229", "title": "MPSC exam schedule for 2013 declared", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Public Service Commission (MPSC) has announced the time table for the examinations that will be conducted in 2013. The preliminary examinations will be conducted on January 20 and August 11, while the main examinations will be held on April 27 and 28 and December 21 and 22.The Commission holds about 15 examinations annually for selecting class I, II and III officers for the state government.The preliminary exam of Rajya Seva category for class I and II officers for the post of deputy collectors, deputy police superintendents and officers of assistant commissioner level will be held on February 10, 2013 while the main examination will be held on June 7, 8 and 9.Also, the preliminary exam for class III officers for the post of sales tax inspectors will be held on May 12 while the main examination will be conducted on September 22. Similarly, the preliminary for police sub-inspectors will be held on April 21 and main exam on August 4.Apart from these, examinations will also be conducted for assistants in Mantralaya, officers for farm, engineering, forestry , technical assistants, civil judge junior division and judicial magistrate. The detailed exam time table has been uploaded on the Commission's website for candidates.The Commission recently changed the examination pattern for MPSC exams and introduced objective type questions. The first examination based on the changed pattern was conducted in September this year. The syllabus has also been revamped by the commission with reduction in number of papers and subsequently the total marks. The first exam based on the changed syllabus was conducted in February this year.The MPSC has excluded optional subjects and have retained the General Studies paper in four segments (four papers) besides English and Marathi, which has remained descriptive as earlier.The passing percentage is 45% in each of the six papers for open category and 40% for reserved categories (SC, ST, OBCs, etc). The personal interview will carry 100 marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17148787", "title": "HC notice on salary to schoolteachers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Thursday sought replies from the directorate of education and two private schools on their failure to implement the 6th Pay Commission recommendations. Justice Suresh Kait issued the order while hearing a bunch of petitions filed by 48 teachers.Through their lawyer Ashok Agarwal, the teachers alleged that the schools had failed to pay them the increased salaries and had dithered over implementing the pay commission recommendations. HC will hear the case again on February 13.The schools are obliged to give to their employees pay, emoluments and other benefits as per the recommendations from January 1, 2006, and also to pay to them arrears of salary from then till date, argued Agrawal. \"The failure to do so is illegal, discriminatory, violative of Articles 14, 16, 21 and 38 of the Constitution of India and contrary to Section 10 of Delhi School Education Act, 1973.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17151129", "title": "Medical representatives stage strike", "text": "KANPUR: More than 20,000 medical representatives of Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand staged a day's strike on Thursday in response to the call of Uttar Pradesh Medical &amp; Sales Representatives Association.The medical representatives were demanding revocation of transfer orders of their president. They have also asked that the management of pharmaceutical industry should not interfere in activities of sales promotion employees and attack the trade union activities in the industry.According to Arvind Tiwari, secretary of the Kanpur unit of Uttar Pradesh Medical &amp; Sales representatives Association, all the district units have given a memorandum to their respective district magistrate and sought Maharashtra state's intervention. In Kanpur, the agitating medical representatives assembled at LLR hospital and took out a procession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150252", "title": "Over 2.5 crore students take pledge against tobacco use", "text": "PATNA: More than 4,000 students from several government and private schools of Patna on Wednesday took a pledge at the Gandhi Maidan against consuming tobacco, cigarettes, paan, gutka or bidi, to mark the World Cancer Awareness Day. Over 2.5 crore school students across the state simultaneously took the same pledge that was administered by deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , who urged them not only to avoid tobacco and related products but also request their friends and parents not to use it.In what is a first of its kind in the country, Modi also advised the teachers against tobacco consumption as they were role models and had a responsibility towards students and society. \"More than 2,500 people in our country die everyday due to diseases caused by tobacco and its related products. I would also appeal to the CMs of other states to organize such 'no-tobacco pledge' programmes at school level every year as it will surely have long term benefits,\" he said.Bihar is 6th in tobacco consumption across the nation. \"Not only Bihar is among the 16 states that has banned 'gutka', the tax here on cigarettes is 20% and we plan to increase it as well to discourage smokers,\" Modi said, adding, \"Cancer to a person devastates his family as all savings are spent on the treatment of the disease.\"Modi said he would call a meeting of leading hotel managers to tell them that if people were found smoking at their hotels, they would be fined as well. He advised the children to politely tell the persons smoking at public places that it was prohibited.The event was telecast at schools in Gaya, Muzaffarpur, Begusarai and Bhagalpur through videoconferencing. Also present on the occasion were Amarjeet Sinha, principal secretary, education department, and noted surgeon Dr A A Hai.\"Students can become an agent of change. We plan to develop a 'Mission Manav Vikas Cadre' in all government schools of Bihar that will sensitize students, parents and teachers on important issues such as safe drinking water, anaemia among girl students and early marriage of girls,\" Sinha said.National president of Cancer Awareness Society, T P Sinha said, \"Currently 53% of the state population uses tobacco and its products. The state government's decisions to observe a 'Pledge Day' and ban the sale of gutka in the state would help bring down their consumption to 35% (national average) in next three years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17149395", "title": "Lawyers strike for grant fund", "text": "CUTTACK: Court proceedings went for a toss on Thursday with over 47,000 lawyers across the state going on a two-day strike, demanding a matching grant from the state government to Lawyers' Welfare Fund.\"Despite repeated appeals, the state government has not paid any heed to our demand. So we were forced to resort to the strike,\" said state bar council chairman Gopal Krushna Mohanty.Lawyers sat on a dharna near the collectorate here and shouted slogans against the state government. The lawyers pointed out Odisha Advocates' Welfare Fund Act was framed in 1987 with an aim to provide retirement and other benefits to the lawyer fraternity. It was proposed that the government provide a grant matching to the fund, but for the past 25 years the state government has been sitting over the matter.As per the act, lawyers collect Rs 5 per case during submission of 'vakalatnamas' in different courts which forms a major part of the welfare fund. \"As per the Act, the state government should provide a matching grant of Rs 80 lakh annually to the welfare fund. But we have not been getting a single penny from the state government,\" said Mohanty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153803", "title": "Vishal to bounce back with 'Samar'", "text": "The blockbuster combination from Thheratha Vilayatu Pillai, director Thiru and Vishal is working round the clock to get their best for their upcoming movie 'Samar'.The movie will feature Vishal pairing opposite Trisha for the first time an will also feature Sunaina in a prominent role. Vishal the action hero of Kollywood is banking heavily Samar , which is getting ready. Samar is said to be an action flick where Vishal is said to have performed some death defying stunts.Just few years back, Vishal was on the brink of being crowned as the action king of Kollywood. He was riding high on hits like Chellamay, Thimiru, Sandakozhi and Malaikottai . A few flops lately haven't helped him much in getting the crown.Now, Vishal has all the reasons to panic as Samar will be his acid test. The good news is that the final mixed mastering of sound has been done by Yuvan who has scored the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153781", "title": "This Diwali go white", "text": "The city's foodies kick-started their Diwali celebrations by chilling out over brunch with pals. Sunil, Vinay, Ashwin and Kiran invited their buddies over to ITC Windsor for Brunch One, where they were treated to live music, sunshine and loads of laughter.The brunch bunch got to sample fare from live action stations and an eclectic gourmet menu. The celebrations went on till the early hours of the evening, after which everyone headed home, satisfied after an afternoon well spent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17150955", "title": "Meet to discuss impact of pollution on immune system", "text": "VARANASI: The 39th annual conference of Indian Immunology Society (IMMUNOCON-2012) will be inaugurated at KN Udupa auditorium, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) on Friday. UGC Advanced Immunodiagnostic Training and Research Centre, department of pathology, Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS), BHU is organising the three-day conference.Secretary of the organising committee Shashikant CU Patne said that the conference will see as many as 18 guest lectures, more than 74 free papers and 62 poster presentations by immunologists of India and abroad. More than 230 participants from medical institutes and colleges across India will be present. The technical session will begin with senior scientific oration on HIV-AIDS, biology, pathogenesis, gene therapy. There will be lectures on autoimmune diseases, micro-environment, oral cancer. A workshop on autoimmune liver diseases will also be conducted on the last day of the conference which will be followed by a post graduate quiz session. An award ceremony, a free paper and poster session on basic immunology, bacterial, viral and parasitic immunology, autoimmune disease, immunotherapy and immunomodulation will also be held to promote and felicitate young scientists and researchers.Patne said that the human body is suffering due to rising pollutions and metals like arsenic, sulphur, chromium and nickle present in the atmosphere are increasing the risk of cancers of various types. The risk of gall bladder cancer is higher in people dwelling in Gangnetic planes, effects of pesticides on autoimmune system, infertility and other diseases will also be discussed in the three-day conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17152014", "title": "Man, family booked for rape of 43-year-old", "text": "GURGAON: A Delhi resident and his family members were booked by police following a city court directive on the petition filed before it by a 43-year-old widow who accused the man of rape, extortion, cheating and threatening her with dire consequences.The woman was in a live-in relationship with the man. According to the police, Bimla (name changed), a resident of Mahalaxmi Garden colony, had filed a petition in a city court sometime ago. In her plea, she said that after her husband died in 2007, she started living with one of his friends, Vijay, a resident of Sunder Nagar in Delhi.Bimla, who also met Vijay's family in his house, has alleged that Vijay, on the pretext of love, had taken her jewellery and cash. He also exploited her sexually for four years before leaving her in January 2012. Vijay allegedly used to ask Bimla for money and threatened to kill her and beat her up badly.Bimla has said that Vijay's family members were also involved and took her jewellery and money worth lakhs. She filed a petition against Vijay and his in a city court in February 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17151034", "title": "3 youths found dead on Navi Mumbai tracks", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Three youngsters between 18 and 20 years were found dead on the railway tracks between Nerul and Juinagar stations on Harbour Line on Thursday afternoon.The three youths were found dead with severe head injuries and fractures in their limbs, said Vashi GRP officials, adding that it looked like they either fell off a train or were hit by one while crossing the tracks near the Rajiv Gandhi bridge around 2.10pm.One of them has been identified as Rakesh Pote, 18, of Sarsole village in Nerul. \"All three were in jeans. The bodies have been sent for post-mortem and we are trying to confirm their identities,\" said a GRP official.The officials did not rule out the possibility of the youngsters performing dangerous stunts near the tracks that led to the fatal mishap. \"Both the legs of one of the boys are broken, while one leg of another boy has multiple fractures. We are investigating further,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17150590", "title": "Telangana education bandh call falls flat", "text": "HYDERABAD: A strike called over the suicide by an Osmania University student evoked mild response on Thursday with most educational institutions in the city remaining open, highlighting how people were tired of bandhs over the Telangana issue.Since the beginning of this academic year, at least 20 strikes in support of the separate statehood demand have disrupted classes and caused loss of several working days.Hundreds of students from Osmania University had taken to the streets on Wednesday after a PhD aspirant, D Santosh Kumar, was found hanging from a tree near Arts College.Protesters clashed with police and held a rally outside the university for the first time in two years following which they announced the one day educational strike across all 10 Telangana districts. But only 15 colleges were shut with most, barring schools on the Tarnaka-Secunderabad stretch, refusing to stay closed. \"Some city schools had received phone calls from student leaders asking them to close their gates for the day. But not many stayed shut,\" saidS Srinivas Reddy, general secretary of the Andhra Pradesh Recognised School Managements' Association, said that at least 2,000 schools in the region which are members of the group, had functioned as normal on Thursday.Meanwhile, Osmania University (OU) which had seen disturbances on Wednesday, remained peaceful the day after with most student groups conducting meetings to chalk out the future course of the Telangana protest. Osmania University on Thursday booked a case under section 174 of CrPC (death under suspicious circumstances) over the PhD aspirant's death. Also, cases under section 147 (rioting), 148 (rioting with deadly weapons) and 427 (mischief causing damage) have been booked against protesters who on Wednesday had held a rally to Clock Tower, SecunderabadThe campus was strewn with posters bearing pictures of Santhosh Kumar, who committed suicide reportedly for the 'T' cause.Armed police personnel put up barricades outside OU gates and were seen frisking visitors to the campus. Cars were, however, allowed to enter the premises for the first time since Wednesday's events.Among the schools which had to close down at short notice were Rajasree High School, Tarnaka, St Mark's School, Mettuguda, and Sri Vidya Mission School, Secunderabad, after Telangana supporters invaded their premises demanding suspension of classes.\"Students were forced to leave the school premises by around 10am. And since there was no prior notice, most were stranded till their parents came to pick them up,\" said N Narayana, principal of St Mark's School.Some colleges including St Francis College , Begumpet, had cut short their classes on Thursday while others like Villa Marie and St Mary's College had declared a holiday.Student groups in OU said that they will undertake a padayatra from their campus to different districts of the Telangana region imploring students against taking extreme steps like suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150499", "title": "Disqualification of MLAs in Haryana: Review petition to be filed in SC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana assembly Speaker Kuldeep Sharma on Thursday said he will soon file a review petition before the Supreme Court seeking \"clarification\" regarding its direction to him on the disqualification petitions of five Haryana Janhit Congress MLAs.\"I have come to the conclusion that the issue needs some clarification. It requires rethinking. I want to go for a review,\" Sharma told reporters here.The Supreme Court had asked him to decide within three months the disqualification petitions of the five Haryana Janhit Congress MLAs who had switched over to Congress after the October, 2009, assembly elections.Sharma said he wants to seek clarification on the issue, in which one constitutional body has issued direction to another such body (office of the Speaker).He, however, clarified that he had nothing against the Supreme Court order directing him to decide the disqualification petitions before January 2013.Meanwhile, five witnesses presented themselves before the Speaker on Thursday to record evidences in the case.HJC chief Kuldeep Bishnoi had petitioned the Speaker seeking disqualification of the five MLAs under the anti-defection law. The HJC legislators who had joined the Congress in November 2009, were Sat Pal Sangwan, Zile Singh, Rao Narender Singh, Vinod Bhayana and Dharam Singh Chhokar.The Congress had fallen short of majority after the 2009 polls, winning 40 seats on its own in the 90-member House and had received the support of Independents. The five HJC legislators had later switched over to their camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17152278", "title": "Woman who abducted baby arrested", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri police on Thursday arrested the woman who had stolen a newborn from the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital on Monday afternoon. The baby boy has been reunited with his parents.Senior police inspector Mohan Vidhate said the woman, Asma Harish Kamble (32), was picked up from her residence at Kate chawl in Kiwale, Dehu Road. Asma, who works as a maid, married four years back but has been unable to bear a child. She told the police that her husband has nothing to do with the abduction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149341", "title": "Jwala Gutta adds to Prajakta fire", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days after the Bombay High Court ruled in Prajakta Sawant's favour, asking the authorities to allow the Mumbai-based shuttler to attend the national coaching camp at Hyderabad, she got support from an unexpected quarter - doubles star Jwala Gutta .Talking to TOI on Thursday, Gutta said she has been vocal about the discrimination in her sport for a very long time and the current issue only adds to the decay in the system.\"Prajakta contacted me and told me about the issue. I read the court order and their petition and told her that I wholeheartedly support her. Favouritism, politics and discrimination have been there for a very long time. I will not take my words back on this as I am worried about the future of the sport. I am what I am because of this sport. I told Prajakta that since she has gotten out of the academy she has now realized where things stand. Earlier I used to talk about these issues and no one would understand my view.\"Gutta further added that her support to Prajakta will not just be moral.\"As of now I stand by her. And I would be observing how this proceeds. If tomorrow she needs any kind of help or support I would readily give it,\" she added.\"Chief national coach (Gopichand) is the head of badminton. Ethically, it is not right for a chief national coach to have his own private academy. If the chief coach heads the selection panel, it is bad for the system.\"\"I am not being personal here. But the system now is not good because with the kind of facilities and the money the government is providing we should not have just one Jwala or Saina in the country. We should have had a whole lot. There has been no doubles player apart from me, Ashwini and V Diju.It's a sad state. Everyone knows about it but nobody wants to talk about it,\" said the Olympian.Meanwhile, hoping to join the camp at the earliest, Sawant has dispatched the court's order to the authorities.\"We have the court order ready and a cover letter from our lawyer. Both will be dispatched today itself. I expect SAI will receive that by noon tomorrow. Only after they give a nod can I actually think about booking tickets, as she might be turned back again,\" said Prajakta's father Sanjay Sawant.\"I am hoping for a speedy reaction from SAI as any case of delay will only amount to contempt of court.\"The Indian team will leave for China Open Super Series tournament on Tuesday. It will be followed by the Hong Kong Open Super Series on November 20 and the Macau Grand Prix Gold on November 27.BAI, SAI will take a call on Sawant, says Gopichand MUMBAI: National coach P Gopichand on Thursday refused to comment on the controversy over Prajakta who had accused him of \"mental harassment\" in her petition to the Bombay HC.\"At the moment, I don't want to speak about it. Basically SAI ( Sports Authority of India) and BAI ( Badminton Association of India) are aware of it. They will take a call. I don't know,\" Gopichand said.\"I think BAI and SAI are fully aware of the matter and I have communicated to them. Whatever needs to be done at the right time, we will do it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17149930", "title": "Garo Hills students seek development of Garo Hills", "text": "SHILLONG: The Garo Students' Union \u00e2\u20ac\u201d East Zone Williamnagar (GSU-EZW) on Thursday asked the state government to address various problems pertaining to medical facilities, education and road infrastructure plaguing Garo Hills.\"We want the government to look into various grievances in education, roads and communication which are lying unattended to for so long,\" said GSU-EZH president RR Marak in a memorandum to chief minister Mukul Sangma.Stating that the Williamnagar Civil Hospital does not have sufficient doctors and staff affecting the people, the GSU demanded immediate deputation of trained medical personnel, including general surgeons, anesthetists, medicine specialists, ENT specialists, orthopedics, dermatologists, physiotherapists and others in the 100-bed hospital.The union further asked the government to provide basic infrastructure like laboratory, blood bank, sufficient medical equipment, computer sets and ambulances for enabling the hospital to deliver quality healthcare services to people of the region. Highlighting the problems faced by educational institutions in East Garo hills region, the union asked the government to speed up appointment of full-fledged principals in Williamnagar Government College and the Rongrenggre Government Higher Secondary School respectively. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17151588", "title": "The China syndrome: conservatives to the fore", "text": "BEIJING: A cursory look at the names of the likely candidates for top positions in the Communist Party's Politburo standing committee suggests it's going to be packed with conservatives. There's also speculation that the size of the committee, which governs the country, would be reduced from nine to seven.With vice president Xi Jinping elevated as party general secretary, he is on course to replace President Hu Jintao . Vice premier Li Keqiang replacing premier Wen Jiabao is a foregone conclusion. But a conservative standing committee is bound to inhibit Xi's plans for greater liberalization, sources said.Reports seeping out of the party's closed interiors indicate that two of President Hu's supporters, earlier considered for the committee, have been axed. They are Wang Yang, the party boss of Guangdong province, regarded as a liberal towards political dissent, and Li Yuanchao , director of the party's organization department.The first time Xi signaled his rising clout and showed signs of independent thinking was at a party event in 2008. He said the CPC had matured from a party of revolution into one which \"holds the power to rule the country in the long term\". He called on all party members to adapt themselves to this fundamental change.Explaining the concept, Gong Fangbin, a professor with the National Defence University of the People's Liberation Army, recently wrote, \"Fighting a revolution needs to highlight and even intensify class struggle, but ruling a country must eliminate (social) conflicts and narrow differences.\"Son of a prominent Communist leader, Xi earlier served as the party chief in Zhejiang province and later Shanghai municipality, a position that brings a politician in close contact with big business. In September, Xi cancelled meeting with US Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton at the last minute - a highly irregular denouement. It led to much speculation since he also disappeared from public view. Adding to the uncertainty was absence of official statement. He finally surfaced with news of a sprained ankle.Li Keqiang is seen as a Hu protege with ideas of shifting the focus of development from southern China to the backward areas of north and western China. But his most important challenge is to cope with the high expectations from the office of the premier after the exit of the well-regarded and popular Wen Jiabao. Li is a member of the standing committee since 2007.The sudden emergence of former president (1993-2003) Jiang Zemin , largely unseen in public following his retirement, at public functions in recent weeks has fueled considerable speculation, with many observers seeing the hand of the 86-year old veteran in the names of his proteges coming to the fore for the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17149332", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcHC stay won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t hit Noida projects\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NOIDA: A day after the Allahabad high court imposed a stay on 802 acres in Noida, Authority officials met farmers and assured to settle their issues in the next 15 days. Officials also claimed that the land was not allotted to any developer.Noida Authority DCEO, Vijay Kumar Yadav, said, \"As the land was not allotted to any individual or organization, it will not hamper any housing projects. Due to a clerical mistake, the names of the farmers were deleted from records. This error will be rectified.\"\"Officials said some public amenities could be put on hold till fresh acquisition takes place, but no housing project will be hampered,\" said CREDAI vice-president (west UP) and Supertech CMD, RK Arora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "17149935", "title": "Four poachers held near Kaziranga national park", "text": "JORHAT: Police and forest officials, in a joint operation, arrested four poachers from Bokakhat near Kaziranga national park in Golaghat district on Thursday. Police also seized tranquillizers from the possession of the poachers, superintendent of police (Golaghat) Rofiul Alam Laskar said.Forest officials said the poachers used the tranquilizers to sedate the rhinos and chop off their horns while they were still alive.With this operation, the total number of arrested poachers in Golaghat, Karbi Anglong, Sonitpur and Tinsukia districts has mounted up to 36 within the past few weeks.The arrested persons were identified as Kartik Pegu, Gopal Munda, Sivaram Pegu and Sisuram Pegu. All of them are residents of villages adjacent to the national park.On Monday, police arrested two notorious poachers from Jagun area in Tinsukia district and recovered a .303 rifle along with a silencer from Bamungaon village in Bokakhat area in the district on receiving information from them. According to police, the duo confessed during the interrogation that they have killed five rhinos in Kaziranga and its nearby areas with the rifle during the past few months.Security forces comprising army, CRPF and police with the help of forest department launched an anti-poaching operation in Kaziranga and its nearby areas during the past few weeks and were able to nab 36 persons involved in poaching and rhino-horn trading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17150292", "title": "Arjun Munda banks on divine intervention to save his government", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand chief minister Arjun Munda is banking on divine intervention to save his government, as Shibu Soren-led Jharkhand Mukti Morcha has mounted pressure on him to quit.Soren on Wednesday insisted that the BJP should abide by an unwritten power-sharing agreement between the two parties that they would run the government on 28-month rotational basis.Sources in CM's house said Munda and his wife chant Sankat Mochan Hanuman mantras and read Hanuman Chalisa seven times every day. Munda does not even take breakfast before his daily puja.Acharya Ravi Shastri, who had done vaastu corrections at then Prime Minister P V Narasimha Rao's official residence in 1995, said he did a similar ritual at Munda's house. \"The vastu correction was done to avert political crisis,\" said Shastri. \"No political crisis would plague the government. I had told the same to Rao in 1995 when he had taken me for vastu corrections.\"Shashtri said Rao's coalition government was in trouble throughout, but managed to complete its term.Ajay Shastri, chief priest of the CM's in-house temple, said, \"Mundaji does a parikrama of the temple every morning after chanting mantras as advised to him.\"It is believed that the one who does this where Lord Hanuman's idol is installed in its Sankat Mochan form is saved from all troubles and enemies. \"As advised, Munda has started wearing a Sankat Mochan Kavach (cover) in his neck too,\" said a source.Munda is known for his religiosity. He arranged an elaborate 'grih pravesh' after ensuring certain vaastu corrections at the CM's official residence when he took over for the first time in 2002.He installed a Sankat Mochan Hanuman temple at his official residence to ward off evils that could harm his health and political career after surviving a helicopter crash in May. In July, he even invited a group of priests from Ayodhya for vaastu corrections at his official residence again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17151902", "title": "Narco for non-cooperating accused", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have decided to conduct scientific tests,including narcoanalysis, on Bandra rape and theft accused Anwar Mohammed Ansari aka Chor Badshah for further leads in the case.Ansari, who was arrested on Tuesday, did not cooperate with the investigators and denied both the rape and theft allegations. He did not give out any information despite the fact that circumstantial evidence points otherwise. On Wednesday, the court remanded Ansari to jail custody for an identification parade. The police will take him into their custody again for interrogation on Friday.A senior officer said, \"He is a hardcore criminal and not ready to confess to the crime. We decided to conduct a scientific test on him to get further leads in the case.\" A forensic expert said the police should first conduct Ansari's psychological profiling and then a lie-detector test.Rukmani Krishnamurthy, former director of Kalina Forensic Science Laboratory and chairman of Helik Advisory, said, \"These two tests will definitely help the police understand the sequence of events after which they can go for his narco test.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149371", "title": "New Genco units may not get coal on time", "text": "NAGPUR: People living in high loss and rural areas will continue to face prolonged power cuts as the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd ( MSEDCL) plans to meet power shortage may go haywire due to land acquisition problem for a captive coal block in Odisha, which is supposed to provide coal for Mahagenco's new units.Six new units of Mahagenco having total installed capacity of 3,250MW are slated to go online by 2013 end and 2014. Even if a delay of over a year is considered, the new units will not have any coal for production.Ministry of coal had allotted a captive block - Machhakata (district Angul, Odisha) to Mahagenco and its Gujarat counterpart GSECL in February 2006. Coal needed for these units along with some of the proposed ones in the state and a few units in Gujarat is to be supplied from Machhakata. A washery is also planned near the mine. Even after six years, not a single square inch land has been acquired so far due to vehement opposition from the owners.Genco and GSECL had formed a joint venture Mahaguj Collieries in 2007 to mine the coal. RK Goel, executive director of Mahaguj, told TOI that so far only a notice under Section 4 of Land Acquisition Act has been issued by the Odisha government. This means that no one can sell or purchase land in the area earmarked for the mine.\"Last December, a law and order situation was created during the public hearing for environmental clearance when the villagers ransacked and set the venue on fire. This is happening all over Odisha. We are constantly in touch with Odisha government and seeking increased cooperation. So far, 10 letters have been sent,\" he said.Other formalities have also not been completed. The mine does not have environmental clearance and mining lease. Mahaguj needs to acquire over 3,000 hectare land for the mine. Industrial Development Corporation of Orissa (IDCO) is handling it on behalf of Mahaguj and is being assisted by the mine operator Adani Power .A senior Mahagenco official told TOI on the condition of anonymity that land acquisition would not be possible until owners were given compensation as per market rates along with concrete assurance of government job for one member of the family. \"Over 8,000 people from nine affected villages are involved. It is evident that arm-twisting tactics won't work. We should directly talk to the PAPs and acquire the land after negotiations. This will increase the cost of coal but there is no alternative,\" he stressed.Director (Projects) of Mahagenco, CS Thotwe, said that even if coal was not available due to delay in production from Machhakata, the company would make alternative arrangements. \"We are in constant touch with Odisha government and hopeful that a solution will emerge. In case coal is not available by the time the units are ready then we will ask the central government to provide it from elsewhere. We will find a way out,\" he stressed.BOXHEAD: STARTING TROUBLEAffected unit Capacity Proposed dateof commissioningParli VIII 250MW Sept 2013Chpur VIII 500MW Nov 2013Koradi VIII 660MW Dec 2013Chpur IX 500MW Feb 2014Koradi IX 660MW June 14Koradi X 660MW Dec 2014", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17152486", "title": "Arun Kumar is new ADG, law &amp; order", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government on Thursday posted senior IPS officer Arun Kumar as the new additional director general (law &amp; order and crime). He has also been given the charge of the special task force (STF) and anti-terrorism squad (ATS). He has swapped places with Jag Mohan Yadav who will now take over as ADG Technical. Yadav was divested of law and order department after clashes in Faizabad.Arun Kumar has earlier been associated with the STF during the course of his service in the state. During his stint with the CBI, he supervised probes into the Karim Telgi case, Nithari serial killings and was also associated with the probe into the Arushi-Hemraj murder case at one point of time.Apart from Arun Kumar and Jag Mohan Yadav, government also posted Jawahar Lal Tripathi as ADG (Personnel).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17150676", "title": "Plastic factory gutted in Peenya", "text": "BANGALORE: A second fire broke out at Peenya on Thursday. A plastic manufacturing unit near Tumkur Road was gutted in the evening. No casualties were reported in the fire that occurred at Sneha factories at Nettakallappa Industrial area in Hegganahalli. An employee noticed smoke emanating from the ground floor of the two-storey building and alerted the fire department at 5.43 pm. Ten fire tenders were pressed into service and the fire was doused around 7.30 pm.\"Many fire tenders had gone to Bommanahalli to tackle the morning fire. But we didn't face any shortage,\" fire department officers said.+", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17149089", "title": "397 cases of chain-snatching in 10 months", "text": "PUNE: Day after day the city police seem to be struggling to have any effective control on the incidents of chain snatching.While the city police claim that they have started measures to curb incidents of chain-snatchings, the rising crime rates seem to paint a different picture. This year, till October-end, the police have registered as many as 397 cases of chain-snatching.Taking a serious note of the issue, commissioner of police Gulabrao Pol recently held a special meeting and directed the law-enforcement to keep a close watch on suspects involved in such cases.Assistant commissioner of police (crime) Vinod Satav told TOI that the police have already intensified patrolling in all areas of the city. The officers from police stations as well as from the crime branch are conducting round-the-clock patrolling in the city. \"We have also deployed policemen in the plain clothes in various areas of the city,\" Satav said. \"We have planned patrolling in such a way that the police presence is available 24 hours.\"The police also have started concentrating the criminals on police records. \"We have published their photographs and have also shared information with the police in the neighbouring cities,\" Satav said.During the Ganesh festival, when there are many instances of chain-snatching, the police had taken help from the college students and the members of the Ganesh Mandals to control the crowd. \"Now, we are planning to take their help to curb the increasing chain-snatching crimes,\" Satav said.He said the police have identified some gangs involved in the crimes. \"We are working on it,\" Satav said.Crime rates highest in Kothrud jurisdiction Kothrud and the neighboring areas under the Kothrud police station limits seem to be the haven for criminals involved in chain-snatching. Of the 397 incidents of chain-snatching reported so far this year, the maximum, total 54, have taken place in Kothrud police station limitsin the last ten months. The Sahakarnagar police station comes second with 31 incidentsof chain snatching. Incidents of chain-snatching have been reported from all areas of Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad.Instances of such crimes are also higher in the jurisdiction of Warje-Malwadi, Swargate and Hadapsar police station limits, where 21 incidents each took place. The Chatushrungi and Nigdi police have recorded 19 chain-snatching crimes each. In the jurisdiction of the Vishrambaug police station 17 incidents took place, while 15 chains were snatched from the jurisdiction of the Khadak police station.The crime branch records also show that major target of the chain-snatchers are older women. About 132 women in the age group of 60 years and above fell prey to chain-snatchers in the last 10 months, while 91 women were of the age group between 51 and 60.Maximum number of chain-snatching took place between 9 am and 1 pm. About 105 cases were reported during this time. Another 97 cases were reported between 5 pm and 9 pm, and 91 cases took place between 5 am and 9 am. As many as 87 chain-snatching cases took place from 1 pm to 5 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149420", "title": "NCP claims credit for LPG cap raise", "text": "MUMBAI: The Sharad Pawar-led NCP has claimed credit for the government's decision to give three additional LPG cylinders.On Wednesday, the Congress-NCP alliance agreed in principle to supply three additional LPG cylinders to consumers whose annual income is Rs 1 lakh or less. This means that such families will now be entitled to nine subsidised LPG cylinder in a year.A day after the decision, NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik said his party had been pressing the state government to increase the subsidized LPG cylinder quota to nine from six. \"Party MP Supriya Sule and state women wing leaders had met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on the issue and demanded that the cap be raised. The NCP had warned of agitation if the government failed to take a decision on the issue. Finally, our demand has been accepted,\" Malik said. \"The chief minister took a good and quick decision. Similar swiftness should be shown by Chavan while taking decision on other issues.\"The Opposition has, however, condemned the government's decision to provide relief to a selected category of people. Leader of the Opposition in the state legislative council Vinod Tawde demanded that all existing LPG consumers should be given nine cylinders at subsidized rates. -Sanjeev ShivadekarMeanwhile NCP has demanded that the parameters for BPL and APL ration cards should be changed with globalisation. \"Government should review its decades old set of rules that one has to follow for procuring ration card,\" Mailk added.As per the existing norms families with annual income of less than twenty thousand rupees are entitled for BPL (Below Poverty Line) card. Similarly those earning below Rs 1 lakh per annum are entitled for the APL (Above Poverty Line) ration card. \"Instead of Rs 1 lakh, the upper income limit for APL ration card should be revised to Rs 3 lakh,\" Malik remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kurali (mohali)", "code": "17150675", "title": "No cracker shopping at roadside Kurali market", "text": "KURALI (MOHALI): Diwali is just a few days away but its boom is already under threat as the famous Kurali cracker market, which is a hotspot among the festival enthusiasts, is not going to be set up this time.A favourite among many due to the large variety of fireworks available at affordable rates, the annual market used to be set up on the national highway on Kurali-Ropar road. Citing traffic snarls, the administration has denied permission, leaving many disappointed. Though there is a proposal to earmark two sites for bulk sale of crackers, the matter is pending.Talking to TOI, Mohali deputy commissioner Varun Roojam said, \"The decision of not allowing the market this time has been taken for the safety and security of public. Kurali's cracker bazaar, considered the most important bulk market of north India, has always been a hazard due to the amount of explosives there. Besides, heavy traffic crosses NH-21 and the cracker market just added to the bedlam.\"Talking about alternative sites, Roojam said, \"We are finalizing the formalities. These two alternative sites \"which are stadiums\" will open within two to three days.\"Executive officer of Kurali Surjit Singh said, \"Both the sites, which are stadiums, are situated away from populated areas. Thus, it will be better for both buyers and sellers.\"As the usually loud and colourful market now stands empty, the buyers are worried that Diwali will be a little less sparkling this time. A local resident, Joginder Singh , said, \"These stadiums are 2-2.5km from Kurali bus stand, where the temporary market used to be organized. I wonder how many people will go there.\"With the clampdown, shopkeepers in the main market around Kurali bus stand are being approached by fireworks traders with rent offers of Rs 40,000-50,000 rent for three-four days. Shopkeepers say bulk suppliers want to take their shops on rent and don't mind paying the huge amount, given the season.New sitesThe alternative sites for cracker market are open stadiums, with one being Shaheed Beant Singh Stadium. These are situated on Kurali-Sishwah Road and Kurali-Singhpura Road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17153611", "title": "Algeria replaces India in World Series of Boxing", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's loss has turned out to be Africa's gain in the World Series of Boxing as Algeria Desert Hawks have replaced Mumbai Fighters in the semi-professional league's second season starting later this month.\"World Series of Boxing (WSB) is delighted to announce its presence on yet another continent with the Algeria Desert Hawks set to bring the excitement of the world's premiere team boxing to Africa,\" the International Boxing Association said in a statement.Algeria comes in after the TransStadia-owned Mumbai Fighters' called it quits following just one season in the event, which is a 12-team part-professional league with winners in different categories getting direct qualification to the Olympics.Although the Mumbai Fighters have still not come on records to clarify their position, it is known that the team pulled out due to administrative hurdles and paucity of funds.\"They just got fed up with the system which did not support the team one bit,\" a boxer who was a part of the team, had said.With Algeria coming on board, the WSB has representation across the globe. The Americas (Argentina, Mexico and the USA), Europe (Azerbaijan, Germany, Great Britain , Italy, Poland, Russia and Ukraine) and Asia ( Kazakhstan ) are already a part of the event.Algeria Desert Hawks will compete in Group A alongside Russia, Azerbaijan Baku Fires, Argentina Condors, Hussars Poland and Mexico Guerreros. The draw has handed them a tricky opener, away to Russia on Sunday November 18 to face the last season's finalists.\"After Argentina, Ukraine , Poland and Great Britain, I am extremely pleased to welcome another new Franchise to World Series of Boxing Season III, especially one from a continent that has not yet tasted WSB,\" stated Dr Ching-Kuo Wu, Chairman of the WSB Board.\"We are excited at joining World Series of Boxing,\" added Dr Abdellah Bessalem, President of the Algerian Boxing Federation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149154", "title": "Skylights, torans, lights entice buyers as Diwali nears", "text": "NAGPUR: Diwali is round the corner and marketplaces and homes are in the final lap of preparations. The festival of lights involves spring cleaning of shops and establishments and their decoration with lamps, lights, flowers and toran. Most households shop for the stuff every year and the markets are flooded with new and trendy designs.A must have in every home and establishment is a brand new toran for the entrance. Selling some exquisite ones at his makeshift shop in Modi No. 2 is Mahesh Rao who has these handcrafted door decorations procured from Gujarat and Rajasthan. \"The artists in these states are experts in making motifs from tiny glass beads and decorating it with fine embroidery,\" he says proudly showing the long bands of cloth in earthen shades, heavily embellished with beads, zari and shells.The rates complement the work as they start from Rs300 and go on to Rs900. \"There is a big demand for the ones with shells as it is considered auspicious to hang these on the door,\" says Mahesh and adds that the regular 'Bombay pattern' that has rudraksh, tiny Ganpati idols and kalash tied together on a string is available for as less as Rs200.Diwali decorations have undergone a sea change after Chinese lights arrived. \"The craze caught up with the toran like lights arranged as flowers and fruits but now the range is huge and the innovations tremendous,\" says Nandu Gupta who runs an electrical store in Dhantoli. The pipe series of coloured lights are passe now and have been replaced by LED and SMD lights and light strips inside a pipe.\"The skylights too have become a rage and a must buy during Diwali,\" says Gupta and adds that he gets these from ten different states and China too and the price can go up to Rs1350. \"The handcrafted ones with applique designs and the ones made of bamboo are made in Odisha and preferred by those who want something sober. The brighter paper ones are mostly from China and a rage with kids,\" he says.Equally popular are the clay lamps and assorted other such clay items that are attracting the passersby as sellers spread them on footpath on most busy roads. Brought from Kolkata and Siliguri in West Bengal these terracotta hanging lamps and hand-made diyas are so exquisitely crafted that they can give stiff competition to the elaborately packed ones being sold in malls.\"This is a craft special to that region. These things are manufactured round the year and we change the items according to the season,\" says Ashish who hails from Assam.What's alluring about these products are the unusual hues of red and yellow which are given to lamps, money boxes, hanging lamps and idols and the fine inlay work. \"Diwali shopping is guided by children these days. We pick whatever they choose,\" says Rohini Das, a housewife while selecting a clay money box for her son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17152996", "title": "Aamir Khan tries to oust Akshay Kumar", "text": "The makers of Talaash have asked single screen owners to allow an uninterrupted two-week run to their film, which in turn will affect Akshay's Khiladi 786The Diwali battle between the makers of Son Of Sardar and Jab Tak Hai Jaan is hardly over, and a new set of filmmakers have already drawn out their swords.TOI has learnt that the producers of Aamir Khan starrer Talaash, Ritesh Sidhwani and Farhan Akhtar have asked single screen exhibitors to allow a two-week run for their venture that releases on November 30. This will affect Akshay Kumar's Khiladi 786 that hits the theatres a week later.According to a trade source, exhibitors aren't too pleased with the constant war between filmmakers over screening space. \"First YRF asked single screen owners to give their Diwali release starring Shah Rukh Khan as many screens as Salman Khan's Ek Tha Tiger . This put a lot of pressure on most exhibitors since Ek Tha Tiger was a single big Eid release and on Diwali there were two big films. And now, the makers of Talaash are asking for a continuous two-week run. Ideally, most theatre owners would like to decide on the film's second week run after assessing the response in the first week,\" said the source.When contacted, trade analyst Amod Mehra opined, \"YRF started this trend. Hereafter no big film will be assured of a decent release. This sparks off a very unhealthy trend in the industry.\"Distributor Ramesh Sippy however, chose to differ. According to him there is nothing wrong with Talaash producers asking exhibitors for a two-week uninterrupted run. \"Business is never healthy. Also, it is not necessary that a two-week run is implied to essentially kill the next big movie-in-line. The idea could be to let the distributor have the upper hand. Else, sometimes the exhibitors are rather merciless,\" he told us.Sippy, who also runs the Chitra Cinema in Dadar added, \"I have not decided on Talaash yet. I shall decide when the time comes.\" Mehra however believes that it will be rather tough for single screen owners to reject Talaash 's offer. \"Who doesn't want to screen a Aamir Khan film?\" he said.In the meanwhile, the battle between Ajay Devgn's SOS and SRK's film is far from over. After the Competition Commission of India rejected the complaint filed by the makers of SOS alleging YRF of anti-competitive practices, Devgn has now made an appeal to the Competition Appellate Tribunal. The tribunal has ordered an enquiry into the matter with less than a week left before the films hit the theatres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17151875", "title": "Tamil Nadu Electricity Board ushers in a dark Diwali for Trichy district", "text": "TRICHY: It's seems Trichy is headed for a dark Diwali. After a brief respite, extended unscheduled power outages are back in the city. A citizenry, fed up with the apathy of the government, has been forced to block traffic at midnight.Since the past three days, 18 hours of outages have become the norm in the city. In the past, power cuts were limited to 12 hours. Incidentally, the state capital Chennai, faces cuts for just two hours.Take the case of Thiruverumber, an area which falls within the 64th ward of Trichy corporation, has been plunged into darkness indefinitely. People made a number of phone calls to the Theenathayal Nagar electricity office but failed to elicit any response about when or whether there will light in their homes any time soon. The agitated people came out on the streets and blocked the traffic on the Trichy-Thanjavur highway. Later, it was reported that an electric transformer at Bhagavathipuram had developed a snag, causing the blackout. The residents, who sat on the road, of course, could not explain the rationale behind blocking the highway, but one of them had a repartee ready. \"It is not that we come out willingly, we have been forced out of homes by mosquito,\" he said.On Wednesday, large parts of the city were in complete darkness as inverters too had run out of steam due to the prolonged outages. \"In the run to Diwali, there was more consumption. So duration of power cuts had to be introduced. It is only seasonal, and the situation would revert back to normalcy (with fewer hours of power cut a day) once the festival of lights is over, said P Annadurai, chief engineer, Trichy region. According to him, after a few days of rain, the weather had become warm and thereby increasing the demand for power.Meanwhile, the Federation of Consumer and Service Organizations is planning to move the court demanding the TNEB to treat at least all the corporations on par with Chennai. \"Why should we suffer 18 hours of power cut, whereas there are only two hours of power outage in Chennai,\" asked M Sekharan, president of the federation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149078", "title": "70-year-old woman killed by drunkard son", "text": "NAGPUR: A drunkard killed his 70-year-old mother over a trivial issue at Pachgaon village under Kuhi police station early Thursday morning. Accused Sukhram Mahapur (50) has been arrested. Police said Dayabai had refused to serve meals to Mahapur in the morning. In a fit of rage he hit her repeatedly with rod on her head, causing her death on the spot.Sukhram, a drunkard, was unemployed. Police said he didn't come home on Wednesday night.He returned around 6 am on Thursday and demanded food. Since it was early in the morning, Dayabai refused him and Sukhram started hitting her. Police said that Dayabai collapsed after he hit her once but he continued to hit her repeatedly. He then tried to flee but since he was drunk, Sukhram fell and hurt himself. The neighbours caught him and handed him to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149101", "title": "15 tola gold stolen from Pune-Nagpur Garib Rath passenger", "text": "NAGPUR: Train thieves robbed 15 tola gold and a cell phone worth Rs 2.5 lakh from Pune-Nagpur Garib Rath on Wednesday night. Vikas Agrawal, a resident of Wadgaon in Pune, claimed that the theft took place after Bhusawal station.He said that he and his wife went asleep after Bhusawal station when the thieves stole the bag containing gold valuables weighing 15 tola. Agrwal noticed the bag missing in the morning and alerted Nagpur GRP station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17151144", "title": "Traffic month is making hardly any difference in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Traffic month is in progress but city traffic scenario is as usual with roadblocks, wrongly parked vehicles, overloaded tempos and so on. The industrial city has always faced all this right in the prominent areas and markets due to lack of proper vehicular management and poor road sense of the citizens, particularly rickshaw-pullers, cart-wheelers, etc.The traffic month started on a promising note but the traffic police failed to keep its promises. Citizens are caught in jams at important crossings of the city like Govindpuri flyover, Meston Road, P Road, etc. The haphazard parking by tempo drivers on the city roads severely obstructs smooth vehicular movement in the city.On the other hand, electronic traffic signals are out of order at various crossings of the city.Traffic cops are nowhere to be seen and disorderly public movement keeps the crossings jammed at the busy hours. The signals are functional only at Bada Chauraha, Narhona crossing, Phoolbagh, Tat mill crossing. Rickshaw pullers also park their vehicle improperly which leads to further jam. Lack of awareness among public is another factor. Encroachment on Meston Road, P Road, Govind Nagar, Sisamau, Gumti and many other areas has worsened and festive shopping is a harrowing experience in the given situation.Driving of two-wheelers without helmet often leads to fatal accidents. But, while traffic cops are issuing challans to those not wearing helmets and seat belts, there is no check on tempo drivers who halt their vehicles in the middle of the road or city bus drivers who flout the traffic norms and cause traffic jams everywhere.SP Traffic M R Singh says strict action is being taken against those not wearing helmets or seat belts. From issuing challans to seizure of vehicles everything is being done to ensure that vehicular movement on roads remains perfect.He also says erring tempo drivers will not be spared if found violating traffic norms. On Thursday, SP traffic addressed students at a private engineering college in Panki and told them to carry valid vehicle papers, not to switch on music while driving vehicles, etc. Pamphlets bearing traffic rules were also distributed to spread awareness about traffic rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "december 1984", "code": "17151834", "title": "Destiny's Child: The rise and fall of Mohammad Azharuddin", "text": "December 1984: Announces himself on the big stage with three Test hundreds in his first three Tests against England.February 1990: Becomes Indian captain.June-August 1990: Leads India to ODI series triumph in England, but loses the Test series 1-0.November 1990: Wins first Test against Sri Lanka in Chandigarh.November 1991-March 1992: Leads India to a horrendous tour of Australia where they lose 0-4 in Tests and crash out of the World Cup in the group stage.November 1992: Becomes first man to captain India in South Africa. India lose both Test and ODI series.January 1993: Scores 182 against England at Eden Gardens with his captaincy on the line. India win the Test and the next two to brownwash England. The series establishes a template for home wins as India play three spinners on slow-low turners.November 1993: Wins five-nation Hero Cup at home.February 1994: Captains India to a 3-0 whitewash of Sri Lanka.November 1994: Equals Sunil Gavaskar's record for most Test wins.October 1995: Becomes India's most successful skipper (11 wins).March 1996: Scores a duck as India lose WC semifinal to Sri Lanka at Eden Gardens.July 1996: Loses the Test series 0-1 to England in England. Loses captaincy to Sachin Tendulkar .November 1996: Scores hundred against South Africa at Eden Gardens with an injured hand, but India lose the Test. Scores a series winning 163 not out at Kanpur.May 1997: Has a poor tour of West Indies and is dropped for the Independence Cup in India.July 1997: Recalled to the side and scores heavily in Sri Lanka in Tests and ODIs.January 1998: Is made captain again and India win the Independence cup in Dhaka.February 1998: India beat Australia 2-1 in Test series. Scores 163 not out in second Test at Kolkata.April 1998-July 1998: India win three ODI trophies back to back in Sharjah, India and Sri Lanka.December 1998: Scores hundred at Wellington, but India lose series.June 1999: India crash out of the Super Six Stage of the World Cup in England and Azhar is sacked as captain and is dropped from the team.February 2000: Is recalled to the team for the home Test series against South Africa. A move that sees Tendulkar step down as captain. Misses first Test against South Africa in Mumbai with a broken hand. Scores a hundred in Bangalore in what was to be his last Test.April 2000: Is named by former South African skipper Hansie Cronje in match-fixing.December 2000: BCCI imposes life ban on him.December 2000: Azhar challenges life-ban in court.July 2003: Launches appeal to get lifetime ban overturned.August 2003: Loses case against life-ban in Hyderabad HC. Files appeal in Andhra Pradesh HC.April 2004: Is omitted from the BCCI pension scheme for retired cricketers.April 2006: Plays for India seniors against Pakistan seniors in Pakistan, a move that causes controversy.November 2006: BCCI invites him for an official function to honour Indian cricket's greats.February 2009: Joins Congress party.May 2009: Gets elected as an MP from Moradabad.September 2011: Loses son Ayazuddin in a motorbike accident.November 2012: AP High Courts rules that lifeban imposed on Azhar by the BCCI is illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150270", "title": "Contractor kidnapped, farmer killed", "text": "PATNA: A contractor was kidnapped from Jehanabad town. ASP, Masaurhi, Saayli said, \"The abducted person is a native of Masaurhi. He had gone to Jehanabad on November 4. His family members have received some ransom calls.\"Farmer killed: A farmer, Navlesh Sharma, 60, was murdered on Wednesday at Chesi under Naubatpur PS in Patna district. Naubatpur SHO Dinanath Kumar said an FIR was lodged against ten persons.Body recovered: The police recovered the body of an unidentified married woman from a ditch at Pitaunjiya under Bhadaur PS in Patna district.Recovered: Md Rabbaan and Samina (name changed), who had been missing from Dariyapur under Hathidah PS last month were recovered from Munger. The police recorded the girl's statement. She said they had gone on a trip.Arrested: The police arrested Shashi Shekhar, 24, from Bikram on Tuesday. He was accused in a case of theft at his neighbour, Gudiya Kumari's house. One Jitendra Kumar, 23, a drug addict, was arrested on Wednesday from Agamkuan for thrashing his mother for refusing to give him money.Vehicle seized: The Mokama police seized a four-wheeler without registration number while chasing four criminals travelling in the vehicle. Mokama police inspector Ashok Kumar Singh said during night patrolling, they spotted a vehicle parked on the roadside. Seeing the police, the criminals drove the vehicle on high speed to avoid arrest.They chased the criminals who managed to escape after abandoning the vehicle near Athmalgola.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17151081", "title": "Mumbai-Pune share taxi fares likely to increase", "text": "MUMBAI: The state transport department plans to hike fares for share taxis plying on the Mumbai-Pune route soon. While some unions have demanded that the share cab fares for Pune should be hiked by Rs 100 per passenger, regular commuters say this is unacceptable.The share fare from Dadar to Pune is Rs 380 for an AC taxi and Rs 305 for a non-AC taxi. The drivers don't charge toll and pay it from their own pockets. But if you take a share taxi from the domestic airport, the passengers have to share the toll fares, too.Shankar Shetty of the Mumbai-Pune Taxi Owners' Association said, \"There are 300-350 cabs operating on the Mumbai-Pune route. These days, business is slack and our drivers get only 6 to 7 return trips for Pune per month. They have to wait for three days in a queue to get a passenger. The present fare structure and hike in diesel rates has made business difficult.\"Those on the Dadar-Pune taxi stand don't have meters and they are not allowed to ply passengers locally. They have permits to take commuters only from Mumbai to Pune and back. Taxi union leader D A Salian said unions have also demanded a hike in fares on the Mumbai-Nashik route (present fare Rs 425)\"It is difficult to survive at the present fares. We have requested the government to hike fares per km and this comes to around Rs 100 hike per passenger,\" Shetty said. An RTO official confirmed that the union has demanded a huge hike. \"We may give a hike between Rs 25 and Rs 50,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149131", "title": "Noise level of all crackers overshoots standards", "text": "NAGPUR: Although the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) has found all the crackers available in the market in city beyond the permissible limits, the board as well as the city police is yet to decide a strategy to tackle the sellers.That the available fire crackers exceed the prescribed standards of noise came during a joint one-day survey by MPCB, the police department and the Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation (PESO). The police have not taken any action or registered any offence yet.Police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay told TOI that action would definitely be taken against the violators. \"We will issue notices first to shops selling such crackers,\" he said.The maximum noise levels for single cracker is at A-Impulse is 138.6 decibels (dB) and C-Peak is 160.6 dB. For crackers in series these figures are 129.6 dB and 151.0 dB, respectively. But a press release issued by the MPCB regional director AT Fulmali said that the observed values of all crackers was found to exceed the prescribed standards.The joint team collected samples and tested the crackers for noise levels at the testing centre of PESO at Gondkheri in the presence of representatives of the three organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149964", "title": "Ajay Maken likely to ask House panel to review vendors' Bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: With a national vendors' body raising concerns over lacunaes in the much-awaited Street Vendors (Protection of Livelihood and Regulation of Street Vending) Bill, the urban poverty alleviation ministry is preparing to seek a review of certain provisions by the Sharad Yadav-led standing committee, which is scrutinizing the contents of the proposed legislation.\"There are an estimated over three lakh street vendors in the national Capital and over a crore across the country. These are rough estimates as there is no comprehensive database to identify, regulate and protect this critical mass of urban poor,\" said Arbind Singh, national coordinator of the National Association of Street Vendors of India (NASVI).NASVI met the newly-appointed Union minister for housing and urban poverty alleviation Ajay Maken earlier this week, and apprised him about the deficiencies in the proposed legislation. The organization is also preparing to send a petition to Yadav on the matter.\"The Bill leaves a lot to be desired as it hampers the very purpose of the law by introducing at many places \"delegated legislation\" wherein the onus for framing schemes to execute the provisions of the Bill have been largely left to the municipal bodies,\" said a statement from NASVI. Besides, NASVI pointed out that the Bill excludes thousands of vendors earning their livelihood near railway stations and on railway premises from its purview.On the issue of railway vendors, Maken said that he will discuss the concerns with railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal . Sources said that Maken is of the view that since the Bill is already with the standing committee it will not be proper to make amendments at the ministry level. In order to avoid further delay, the minister is planning to take up the matter with Yadav and discus possible changes keeping in mind the constitutional rights of the states and civic bodies.The Bill was introduced in the Lok Sabha during the last session of Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17151972", "title": "Sacked Maruti workers meet state minister", "text": "GURGAON: Sacked workers of Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant on Thursday submitted a memorandum to minister of state for youth and sports Sukhbir Kataria, demanding reinstatement of all 546 workers. The minister assured them that he would speak to Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and try to resolve the issue as soon as possible.Workers, among other things, have demanded an independent, impartial probe into the incident by the sitting judge of Supreme Court, investigating the role of the management, the immediate release of all arrested workers and the reinstatement of all 546 terminated workers.The spokesperson of the company, however, said it would not take back workers who were sacked till the investigations are over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17150529", "title": "Ex-minorities panel chief passes away", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice Mohammed Sardar Ali Khan, former acting chief justice of AP high court and first chairman of National Commission for Minorities, died at a private hospital in Malakpet on Thursday morning.Born to Mohammed Amir Ali Khan, a subedar (governor) in the former state of Hyderabad, Justice Khan, 83, was suffering from multiple ailments. He breathed his last at 7:30 am. A legal luminary Justice Khan had made his name in International law and served as a member and vice-chairman of the UN Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities.He was also a member of UN Working Group on Minorities, representing Asia. He had earlier served as the president of AP Judicial Academy and dean of Faculty of Law at Osmania University.Justice Khan is survived by a son, four daughters and two younger brothers. He was laid to rest late in the night at Hazrath Syed Raj Mohammed grave yard in Chanchalguda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17149604", "title": "Heritage centre goes unnoticed in state", "text": "HAZARIBAG: For Felix Padel, noted professor of rural development and anthropology (Oxford) based in Wales , one visit to the tourist centre here was enough for him to reckon the importance of the rare collections of art and photographs depicting Jharkhand's heritage.However, the state government, it seems, is yet to realize the gallery's cultural richness as well as its potential in promoting tourism.Padel, who is visiting Jharkhand , found the centre to be the best in the country but felt lack of tourists is acting against initiatives to preserve and showcase the exhibits. Environmentalist and convenor of the Hazaribag chapter of INTACH, Bulu Imam, agreed.\"Located by the side of NH33 (Patna-Ranchi Road), 2 km from the town, it can attract many tourists but owingto the state government's and local authorities' apathy, it is yet to develop,\" said Imam. The centre is being maintained by the Hazaribag chapter of INTACH.Imam said the centre, which was handed over to him by deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan, lacked infrastructure. A website was also created to provide information on the exhibits. But the state government did little to showcase Jharkhand's heritage through the centre.Padel, who is Charles Darwin's great grandson, said, \"Jharkhand has as much natural resources and cultural heritage as any rich state in India, but has been ruined by construction of national highways, which has led to felling of more than 70 lakh trees.\" He described construction of 70,000km of highways with $40-billion World Bank aid as \"destructive development\".He also severely criticized the state government for acquiring tribal land at Nagri in Ranchi for establishing an educational hub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "in the discovery of india, jawaharlal nehru recollects his last meeting with poet mohammed iqbal a few months before his death in lahore in 1938. nehru says that an ailing iqbal, comparing him with jinnah, had remarked", "code": "17150082", "title": "'Sare Jahan Se Achcha' poet Mohammed Iqbal remains pariah in India", "text": "In The Discovery of India, Jawaharlal Nehru recollects his last meeting with poet Mohammed Iqbal a few months before his death in Lahore in 1938. Nehru says that an ailing Iqbal, comparing him with Jinnah, had remarked: \"Jinnah is a politician and you are a patriot.\"While that should have silenced Iqbal's critics in India, who continue to blame him for coming up with the idea of Pakistan, the poet who paid tribute to India's multiculturalism, called Lord Ram Imam-e-Hind (Leader of India) and celebrated its eternal beauty through numerous poems, including Sare Jahan Se Achcha, is still a pariah in India. How else does one explain the country's collective amnesia about him on his birth anniversary -- November 9? While the government has completely forgotten Iqbal, the public at large also seems to be abandoning him. Barring a few Urdu literary organisations, the country has chosen to ignore the poet's birth anniversary.Ignorance combined with doctored history has misled even many educated Indians to believe that the once great patriot later turned fanatical and chose Islamic Pakistan over secular India. Late scholar Rafiq Zakaria was shocked when Pramod Mahajan, then general secretary of the BJP, at a seminar at Nehru Centre in 1990, said that \"a great Indian Muslim like Iqbal who penned Sare Jahan Se Achcha later divided India\".\"I reminded Mahajan of his ignorance and decided that very day to try and set the record straight,\" writes Zakaria in Iqbal: The Poet And Politician. The book not only details Iqbal's love and admiration for India's iconic figures like Ram, Guru Nanak, Swami Ram Teerath and classical poets Vishwamitra and Bhartrahari but also traces the reasons for hatred against the poet.The seed that sowed doubt about Iqbal's patriotism was in his 1930 presidential address at the Allahabad session of the Muslim League. Addressing a motley crowd at an old haveli, Iqbal proposed the creation of a Muslim province within the Indian federation, comprising the Muslim dominated areas of Punjab, North-Western Frontier, Sindh and Balochistan.\"Iqbal never demanded a separate home for Muslims outside India. He didn't include the Indians of Bengal or Central India,\" says Abdul Haq, Urdu scholar and professor emeritus at Delhi University . \"In Independent India too, we have given special status to some north-eastern states and Jammu &amp; Kashmir to safeguard their unique culture. Iqbal's demand should have been seen in that spirit.\"Haq admits that since Iqbal's formulation suited the supporters of Pakistan, they lapped it up and declared him as the \"ideological father\" of the country\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhich too made him a detested figure among many Indians.Mumbai-based Urdu scholar Abdus Sattar Dalvi, who translated Zakaria's book on Iqbal into Urdu, argues that years before Iqbal uttered the controversial plan at Allahabad, nationalist leader Lala Lajpat Rai had written a series of articles in Tribune favouring the creation of a separate Muslim state within India, comprising the Muslim-dominated north-west provinces. \"Why doesn't anyone question Lala's patriotism for his views?\" asks Dalvi.Most scholars agree that as a politician Iqbal was a big failure. But that doesn't undermine his contribution as one of India's greatest poets.Anwar Pasha, professor of Urdu at Jawaharlal Nehru University, says that even if Pakistan regards Iqbal as its founding father, India should not abandon him as he championed our struggle against foreign rule. Iqbal, says Pasha, attacked both Hindu and Muslim fanaticism, ridiculed orthodox mullahs and pandits and exhorted not only Indians but Asians against western imperialism. Acknowledging Iqbal's contributions, poet-freedom fighter Sarojni Naidu had called Iqbal the \"poet laureate of Asia\".Iqbal fought communalism\u00e2\u20ac\u201dattacking fundamentalist Hindus for questioning Muslims' loyalty to India, he wrote:Patthar ki moorton mein samjha hai tu khuda hai/khak-ewatan ka mujhko har zarra devta hai (For you god is in stone's idol/To me every particle of the country's soil is a deity). Although he used Islamic metaphors extensively in his poetry, Iqbal attacked the sloth-filled Muslim masses and supremacist, narrow minded clergy.However, he also received flak from a section for using Islamic metaphors extensively during his later years. Many even called him \"reactionary\". \"He did have a streak of pan-Islamism in him. But the charge that he became a poet of Islam is wrong. The poetry of Kalidas and Tulsidas is inspired by Hindu mythology. Just as we don't call them communal Hindu poets, it is unfair to call Iqbal a fundamentalist Muslim poet,\" says Mumbai based Urdu critic Fuzail Jafri.Perhaps those ignoring the poet's birth anniversary would do well to heed Tagore's words: \"India just cannot afford to ignore Iqbal whose poetry has universal appeal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17149428", "title": "Fare hike singes luxury bus service in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The number of passengers travelling in long distance deluxe and AC deluxe buses from Bhubaneswar to other parts of the state has dwindled since the fare hike a week ago. The state government had allowed the fare hike after the technical committee recommended it following the increase in diesel prices. People are travelling by trains even for a minimum distance of 200 km.Around 2,300 long distance buses leave the Barmunda bus terminal every day for Puri, Cuttack, Rourkela, Sambalpur, Jeypore , Balangir, Bhawanipatna, Malkangiri and Berhampur. The luxury AC buses also go to Kolkata and Raipur. There are direct trains to all the state's towns and also to Kolkata and Raipur.The train fare is also less while the comfort is more, so people are finding the train journey convenient, said Debendra Sahu, general secretary of All Odisha Bus Owners' Association.He said though luxury buses have introduced sleeper space to provide comfort at par with sleeper class of trains, few passengers prefer it. He also said that many long distance night express buses ply in the state. \"The number of such buses exceeds passenger volume. Out of 2,300 buses, 1,700 are AC deluxe, which go with less passengers every day,\" Sahu said.He said an AC deluxe bus has 42 seats and 10 sleepers. \"If all the seats are booked, then there will be around one lakh passengers. But on an average, not more than 60,000 travel by these buses every day,\" said Sahu.Sibraj Samal, who is from Sambalpur but works in Bhubaneswar, said he used to travel every week by bus to Sambalpur but after the fare increased to Rs 300, he prefers the train as he has to pay only Rs 187 for the sleeper class. \"The bus fare of deluxe buses has gone up from 70 paise per km to 76 paise while AC deluxe bus fares increased by 8 paisa. While fare from Bhubaneswar to Sambalpur was Rs 270, it has now become Rs 300. In trains, if one travels in sleeper class, the fare is Rs 187,\" said Samal.Similarly, there is considerable difference between the train and bus fares for journey from Bhubaneswar to other cities in the state. Railway spokesperson at Sambalpur Nihar Mishra said the introduction of intercity express trains has helped the passengers and these trains are very overcrowded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150593", "title": "Three held with 1,962 sim cards issued on fake documents", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Nadiad town police arrested three persons for getting sim cards on fake identities. The raid fetched 612 active sim cards and 1,350 broken cards from the accused along with huge stash of passport-size photographs and other identity documents.According to Nadiad town police, a team got a tip-off that some shops in the town were selling off the sim cards without identity documents. After the information, police sent a decoy. The man managed to get a sim card in the name of Jenti Rohit, a resident of Nadiad.\"When Rohit was contacted, he was shocked to know that his name and fake signature was used to issue the sim cards that he was not using. He then became complainant in the case. We rounded up the shopkeeper and questioned him thoroughly when the scam came to light,\" sub-inspector of Nadiad police N A Desai said.Police arrested proprietor of Friends Mobile in Nadiad Sufiyan Varsola, supplier of sim cards Irfan Yusuf Vora and a youth Wasim Balolwala working with Varsola on Thursday. Police found 200 photographs and 200 photocopies of election cards.Desai said they primarily believe it to be a case of completing the targets. \"The mobile companies provide incentives to the agents who achieve the set targets every month. Thus, we believe that Vora and Varsola started issuing the pre-activated sim cards to the customers for Rs 100. We are now verifying all the names on which the cards were issued,\" Desai added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17151599", "title": "Cattle fair: Onus on villagers", "text": "MANGALORE: Subrahmanya gram panchayat has left it to the villagers of Subrahmanya-Kulkunda to hold the historic Kulkunda cattle fair near Subrahmanya in Dakshina Kannada district. The move follows pressure from certain organizations which claim that the fair was becoming more of a slaughter house supply chain than helping farmers.The GP has now put the onus on the villagers and farmers to hold the show, promising its \"moral support\" to the fair. The decision to this effect was made on Thursday.GP president Bhaskar Poojary told TOI: \"We had written letters to MLAs and the district administration to give necessary instructions to the departments concerned to hold the cattle fair (following the ruckus last year). Since we have not received any written communication from them till date, the GP has decided not to hold the cattle fair.\"Last year, Bajrang Dal had said that it was planning to approach the court to stop the fair. It alleged that the cattle sold at the fair were transported across the border (to Kerala) for slaughter. Both Vishwa Hindu Parishad and Bajrang Dal had urged Dakshina Kannada district administration to ban the fair.GP member Shivaram Rai said the they will not collect any fee this time (which is Rs 10 per cattle head). \"But those who participate in the fair should ensure that they have necessary permits for cattle transport and also veterinary doctor's certificate for sale. We will not provide any of these documents. The onus will be on those who take part in the fair,\" he added.\"The GP never used to get any revenue from this fair. In fact, last year we incurred a loss of Rs 5,500. Since this fair has got historic connection with the Subrahmanya Kshethra, we used to hold it,'' said Rai. The district administration officials were not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17151241", "title": "Man gets life for murder, rape attempt", "text": "NASHIK: A 32-year-old man from Dindori was awarded a life sentence for the murder and attempt to rape his relative in the Rajapur village of Dindori tehsil of Nashik district in Feb 2011.Additional district and sessions court judge, H S Mahajan announced the sentence to accused Bapu Pandharinath Gavare (32) after finding him guilty on both charges.On February 4, 2011, accused Bapu Gavare set his 42-year-old relative, who was also his neighbour, ablaze by pouring kerosene on her, after attempting to rape her. The victim later succumbed to her burn injuries.Gavare set her on fire after the victim had raised an alarm when the accused tried to rape her. Her son reported the matter to his father and uncle who were then working in the farm.The woman's husband Uttam Gavare and brother rushed the victim to Dindori rural hospital. She suffered 68% burn injuries. She narrated the incident to her husband and police officials of Wani police station.The case was heard and ten witnesses, including the assistant police inspect of Wani police station, were examined. Finding the accused guilty, he was given a life sentence and slapped with a fine of Rs 15,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17151459", "title": "MIDC puts govt in a spot over rail project land", "text": "NASHIK: An RTI query by one of the farmers not ready to part with land wanted for alignment of railway track between Odha and Gulvanch has revealed that the property could be given to Indian Railways in future projects on terms and conditions, according to MIDC officials.The 2,100 farmers from the 32km stretch between Odha and Gulvanch passing through Nashik, Niphad and Sinnar talukas, where a railway track has been proposed to link the Indiabulls power project and the SEZ to CR's network, have been opposing land acquisition.While collector and officials from MIDC have been claiming that the railway track will be owned by CR, the CR officials revealed that it has no such programme at the said site.Regional officer, MIDC, Ramdas Khedkar said, \"We never said that the property would be owned by the government. If Indiabulls Industrial Infrastructure Limited - IIIL (a Joint venture of Indiabulls Real Estate Limited and MIDC) is paying for the project, the land will be owned by the joint venture, which can be given to the central government in future as per terms and conditions.\"To a question whether there was an agreement between IIIL and the central government to use the property in lieu of payment or some other rights, Khedkar said that there was no understanding as such at this stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150125", "title": "Nitish Kumar leaves for weeklong Pakistan visit", "text": "PATNA: A large number of people including ministers, legislators, social workers and intellectuals wished CM Nitish Kumar good luck for his weeklong trip to Pakistan at his official residence before Kumar left for airport on Thursday morning. The CM is undertaking this trip at the invitation of the chief ministers of Punjab and Sindh provinces.According to official sources, the CM left for Delhi on Thursday morning by a service flight, from where he would fly to Karachi via Dubai on Friday morning.Among those who met him at his residence were assembly Speaker Uday Narayan Chaudhary, energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav, agriculture minister Narendra Singh, information and public relations department minister Brishen Patel and food and consumer protection minister Shyam Razak.Nitish, who is leading a 12-member delegation comprising two ministers and senior officials, would share Bihar's growth story with the parliamentarians and civil society members of Pakistan.The Bihar delegation would meet several leaders of the MQM, a political party of Pakistan, which has the support of migrated Muslims from Bihar. Bihar CM's meeting with Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari and PM Raja Parvez Ashraf is yet to be confirmed, said an official.The tour programme also includes visits to the tomb of Mohammad Ali Jinnah, Dera Saheb Gurdwara and the mausoleum of Sikh ruler Maharaja Ranjit Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149883", "title": "PM not in favour of changes in selection process of CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has turned down suggestions from both Left and BJP leaders on considering changes in the appointment process of the comptroller and auditor general (CAG), while replying to a letter from CPI leader Gurudas Dasgupta on November 5. The PM, however, is open to changes in the appointment, resignation and removal process of election commissioners, including the chief election commissioner, as part of electoral reforms.On the issue of CEC, the PM said in his reply, \"I would like to point out that the procedure for appointment, resignation and removal of chief election commissioner and other election commissioners, as laid down by the government... has been in existence for a long period... Any change in the procedure... would require wide ranging discussions with other political parties. This, if necessary, can be taken up as a part of the agenda for electoral reforms.\"But clearly opposed to any change with regard to appointment of the CAG, the PM said, \"The procedure adopted for the appointment of CAG by the President was followed by the earlier governments also and has stood the test of time. Further, CAG reports are examined by the parliamentary committee concerned, which makes recommendations to the executive for corrective action, if any. The chairman of the Public Accounts Committee has traditionally been a member of the main opposition party. In view of this, there does not seem to be any urgent need to set up a committee for appointment of CAG.\"The PM's letter to Dasgupta was in reply to the senior CPI MP's letter to him on May 25. In the letter, he had asked the PM to consider changes in the process of appointing the chief election commissioner and the CAG. It was written in the light of the controversy over the selection of P J Thomas as CVC, when leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj had accused the government of subverting the system and bulldozing the process to appoint a person of its choice.Dasgupta had also approached Swaraj and L K Advani with his proposal earlier, following which Advani also wrote to the PM on the same lines, asking for a collegium to be set up to select the CAG and CEC, just as there is a panel of three that selects the CVC.While Dasgupta's suggestion is to have a three-member collegium including the PM, the leader of opposition in Lok Sabha and the Chief Justice of India, Advani had suggested a five-member panel to choose the CEC and the CAG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17149898", "title": "Staff strike likely to hit bus service", "text": "LUCKNOW: It is time for over 50,000 commuters who use public transport daily to keep their fingers crossed as a section of Uttar Pradesh Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) contractual staff has threatened to go on strike from Saturday. The matter has gained importance as the protesting employees have threatened the authorities of violent agitation and disruption of services.The Lucknow unit of the union has about 1,000 members and has been in talks with the senior officials of the transport body over increase in remuneration as per the recommendations of the Sixth Pay Commission for the past one week .While on Wednesday the senior representatives of the Union assured the authorities that the strike would be called off, they voiced their concerns contrary to their commitment on Thursday. \"A faction of the union has resentment against authorities and we are trying to pacify them,\" said Jaswant Singh , one of the senior functionaries of UPSRTC contractual employees union. Singh added that he and his team were trying their best to resolve the issue. In case the employees go ahead with the strike plan, the operations in the outer areas of the city are expected to be worst affected.Meanwhile, the state transport body officials are bracing up fearing the worse. \"We have asked police to provide cover to the fleet of buses and people who manage operations from Friday night onwards,\" confirmed Sunil Prasad, director of UPSRTC's Lucknow transport operations.Following the negotiations, the transport body is trying to come up with a solution in tandem with Rizvi Committee recommendations for the contractual employees. The contractual employees have demanded a fixed monthly pay over and above the existing payment structure which is based upon per kilometre criterion. The strike is expected to affect significant portion of the fleet that consists of 260 buses. Furthermore, the already burdened transport body will incur a loss of Rs 7 lakh per day in the event of strike.The officials said they would not hesitate from putting Essential Services Maintenance Act against the section of the employees who participate in the strike. The state government had also issued a notification recently barring the workforce which is involved in rendering essential services, from going on strike. Public transport is an essential service as per the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17151650", "title": "3 H1N1 and 12 Dengue cases reported in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: At least three more fresh cases including a doctor affected by H1N1 has been identified in the district in the last 24hours. With this a total of 105 cases have been reported since January.A doctor working with a private eye hospital was tested positive. However, since his condition is not serious he has been kept under house quarantine. Similarly, another 44-year-old women, a resident of Vavipalayam in Tirupur was confirmed positive for H1N1. She was admitted at the G Kuppusamy Naidu Memorial Hospital on Wednesday and immediately tested for H1N1 and it came back positive. She is undergoing treatment at the hospital.In another case, a 52-year-old man admitted from Karur was also confirmed to have the H1N1 virus after tests were conducted. Off the total 105 cases reported in the district 66 were reported from Coimbatore.Meanwhile, twelve fresh cases of dengue have been identified on Thursday taking the total number of cases reported this year to 387 in the district. Of this, 223 cases have been reported in urban areas including Coimbatore, Mettupalayam and Pollachi. While from rural areas 164 cases has been reported as on Thursday.They were reported from Vadakovai bridge, one from Red Field in Puliyakulam, P N Pudur, 206 Adis street, Veeriyampalayam, Vinayagapuram, Veerapandi Privu and Periyanaickenpalayam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "surajkund (haryana)", "code": "17153245", "title": "Congress meet begins; Sonia, Rahul Gandhi take bus ride to Surajkund for party session", "text": "SURAJKUND (HARYANA): With an attempt to chalk out a strategy for the next Lok Sabha polls, the Congress top brass huddled here on Friday to deliberate on political and economic issues at a time when the party and the government are facing tough challenges.As the UPA-II witnessed a series of scams and one of its key allies Trinamool Congress walked out of the alliance, the Congress leadership including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and party chief Sonia Gandhi will decide the future course of action.The meet attended by top central ministers and Congress Working Committee members will also see the party reviewing the extent of implementation of the promises made in its manifesto for the 2009 Lok Sabha elections.Rahul Gandhi, who is set to assume a \"larger role\" in the organisation, is attending the session amid indications that the party reshuffle, which is due, would have the imprint of the young leader.The exercise has come amid concerns within the party over \"limitations\" in implementing party's programmes and agenda in a coalition government. The Prime Minister had time and again talked about coalition compulsions in governance.Ahead of the meeting, finance minister P Chidambaram had said that the achievements of the government in the last three years and nine months are \"quite impressive\".However, party general secretary Janardan Dwivedi has conceded that \"there are some limitations in a coalition government.\"Sonia Gandhi will set the tone for the discussion on current political situation in the meeting after which the Prime Minister will brief leaders on the economic challenges and the measures initiated by the government.Chidambaram will initiate the debate on economic issues after the Prime Minister's speech covering mainly economy but not excluding other subjects.The issue of alliances could figure at the \"dialogue meeting\" at Surajkund being held for the first time since the exit of Trinamool Congress from UPA-II and growing speculation of early Lok Sabha elections.Party sources said the dialogue meeting (Samvad Baithak) will virtually set the agenda for the larger brainstorming at Chintan Shivir, which is likely to be organised in January.The dialogue session comes after the public meeting here on November 4, which saw Sonia and Rahul strongly backing the economic reform measures initiated by Prime Minister Singh.Dwivedi said a total of 70 leaders including 23 Cabinet ministers, 12 ministers of state (independent charge), 19 members of Congress Working Committee and 16 permanent invitees to the CWC will be attending the deliberations.Interestingly, party chief ministers have not been invited for the session with the AICC saying they along with the PCC chiefs will be called for the Chintan Shivir.The meeting is not going to pass any resolution as it has been called for greater interaction between the party and the government on the challenges ahead, Dwivedi said.The UPA-I had not witnessed any such \"dialogue meeting\" and before the Congress came to power, the party had held two brainstorming sessions.The first such session was held at Pachmarhi in 1998 soon after Sonia Gandhi took the reins of the organisation from Sitaram Kesri and the next in 2003 at Shimla shortly before the 2004 Lok Sabha elections.While the line at Pachmarhi was that coalition is a transient phase in Indian politics, the one at Shimla was unity of secular forces, which helped Congress come to power for the first time via the coalition route in 2004 by ousting BJP-led NDA.After securing more than 200 seats in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections and improving its tally substantially, Congress has failed to make a mark in some key assembly elections including in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Tamil Nadu. The meeting comes ahead of the assembly polls in Gujarat where Narendra Modi is seeking a third term.Cong leaders take bus ride to Surajkund for party sessionIn an apparent move to send out a message of austerity, Congress President Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi took a bus ride along with other leaders to Surajkund in Haryana where the party is having a brain storming meeting.However, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will not go to Surajkund by bus due to security reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17150916", "title": "Two held in Shamsher murder case", "text": "VARANASI: The special operation group (SOG) of the district police on Thursday claimed to have worked out the murder case of Shamsher by arresting two youth from Mudaila crossing, under Manduadih police area.Body of Shamsher was found lying in a pool of blood in a park near Suryakund on DLW campus on November 6. SSP BD Paulson engaged SOG to work out the case. SP city Santosh Kumar Singh said on Thursday morning that the SOG personnel succeeded in nabbing Jamil and his accomplice Rustam, who had murdered Shamsher. The cops also recovered the knife used in killing Shamsher from Suryakund.During interrogation Jamil stated that he had affair with a girl of Kotwa for past two-and-half years. But, recently, he got an information that the girl had relations with Shamsher, who belonged to a rich family. After it he noticed the activities of girl and found that she was more attracted towards Shamsher. He decided to end the love triangle, by eliminating Shamsher in a planned way. As a part of the plan, he bought a Chinese mobile phone that had the facility of voice changer. By posing himself as a girl called Shalini, he started interacting with Shamsher through the mobile phone and also sent several messages.After Shamsher became convinced that Shalini was in his love, he agreed to reach DLW on November 5 evening, where Jamil and his accomplice attacked him with a knife used for chopping mutton. Rustam also suffered injuries. Jamil arranged treatment of Rustam at a hospital in Lohta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17151305", "title": "SC &amp; OBC students doing badly in engineering", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: If any proof was necessary that caste-based reservations have largely failed their original intent in Kerala, then a recent study by the Centre for Development Studies (CDS) has damning evidence. An alarming majority of students belonging to SC/ST and OBC categories, who get into engineering colleges on the basis of reservations, fail to complete their courses and obtain a degree.The study conducted by Prof K Pushpangadan, analysing pass/ failure rate figures of 2004-2008 batches across all engineering colleges in the state, reveals that only 17.7% of SC/ST students pass their final exams while it's a shade above 40% for OBC students. The import of these numbers becomes evident when compared to the pass percentage among engineering students belonging to the general merit category, which stands at a healthier 68.4%: Healthy for that particular category of students but a decidedly dangerous diagnosis for the idea of creating a level playing field.Prof Pushpangadhan's study, the first-of-its kind in the country, is titled \"Failure/pass rate and its determinants in engineering colleges in Kerala: Factor analysis of a socially deprived group''. It exposes an issue that policy makers conveniently overlook - that of radical changes in the process of selection and weeding out unqualified students.B S Mavoji, commissioner of entrance examination, felt that the state needs to think of innovative proposals like beginning a foundation course for SC/ ST students who qualify for the entrance examination. \"The students who fail in this course can opt out before it is too late,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17148734", "title": "How to dodge your vote bank", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa district administration is in the process of identifying illegal structures that have encroached on comunidade land at Moti Dongor, Margao. It's part of the impending demolition of all illegal hutments there. But, interestingly, even as late as August 2011, the state government, albeit led by another party at the time, was \"seriously considering\" the revival of an old proposal-the acquisition of 23,000 sq m of land at Moti Dongor to rehabilitate 325 structures. Of course, the bleeding heart was more inclined towards the March 2012 assembly polls; a conservative estimate of 2,000 voters, after all, is no small figure.On October 4, 1985, then collector of Goa, Shakti Sinha, notified 7,000 sq m of land at Moti Dongor as a 'slum area'. It has now come to light, via RTI documents, that another 16,000 sq m of land was notified in November 2001.Then district collector, Jose Phillip, issued the notification on November 13, 2001, declaring the \"slum area\" under Section 3 of the Slum Areas (Improvements and Clearance) Act, 1956, reveal documents obtained by RTI activist and Aquem comunidade member Savio Correia.\"...The area of 7,000 sq m thereof has already been notified as \"slum area\" by the then collector of Goa, Panaji, under notification No. 5(3)/1/82/RHF/681 dated 4-10-1985; and I am satisfied that the hutments/buildings in the remaining part of area mentioned in the schedule are faulty in arrangement and design and in unhygienic condition and as such detrimental to the safety, health and morals of the inhabitants,\" Phillip stated in his notification. And, thus, the \"slum area\" at Moti Dongor came to total 23,000 sq m.Records with TOI show that in 2006, Margao MLA and former chief minister, Digambar Kamat, who was then the state's power minister, initiated steps to have the government acquire this land to rehabilitate 325 structures near the microwave tower. The rehabilitation scheme was to be implemented by the Goa Rehabilitation Board (GRB); and the slum rehabilitation project received \"in-principle\" approval from the then government.The letter addressed to the South Goa collector by the under secretary (revenue), dated July 26, 2006, states, \"The collectorate of South Goa to acquire land by invoking urgency as the acquiring department admeasuring 23,000 sq m on the Monte hill. The collector should move necessary proposal to seek funds from the government for making the payment for the acquisition. The land once acquired be handed over to the GRB in order to take up the slum rehabilitation project and allotment of the tenements to the rehabilitating families.\"In September 2006, the land acquisition officer estimated the cost of the land acquisition at Rs 1.15 cr while forwarding the proposal to the government for administrative approval and expenditure sanction. Nothing else happened. For five years the proposal was seemingly and conveniently forgotten by the government for reasons unknown.Meanwhile, Kamat became chief minister in June 2007, and in August 2011, a few months ahead of his tenure coming to an end, he sought to revive the proposal.Records with TOI show that Kamat convened a meeting of the GRB and PWD on August 3, 2011, seeking a status report on the rehabilitation proposal that was initiated in 2006. At the meeting he directed the GRB to work out the feasibility of constructing housing units for the rehabilitation of the identified slum dwellers.When GRB sought the status report of the land acquisition proceedings from the South Goa collectorate, the former was informed that the land acquisition process \"never took off\".\"... though there were moves to acquire the land for the purpose of rehabilitation, the process of acquisition never took off because of failure on the part of the government to grant administrative approval as well as to deposit monies of structure and value of the land,\" then deputy collector, Johnson Fernandes, replied to GRB through a letter dated August 22, 2011.It continues, \"Secondly, moving or reviving the proposal afresh might face a road block because the functions of the collector would be limited to acquisition and not to formulate proposals.\" He suggested that \"it would be in the fitness of things that the GRB moots the proposal for acquisition of the land to meet its goal\". GRB never mooted the proposal.Kamat, in a recent conversation with TOI, had admitted that the rehabilitation scheme for the slum dwellers had failed to take off. \"... The state rehabilitation board had also tried to rehabilitate the slum dwellers in Moti Dongor itself, but, for some reason it never happened. At that time there were some 200-300 houses which didn't have any sanitation facilities, water or electricity supply, and hence needed to be rehabilitated,\" Kamat had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17148897", "title": "Court orders protection of juveniles in state", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently disposed of a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by NGO SCAN India expressing concerns about the pathetic living conditions at Apna Ghar.A division bench comprising Justice S J Vazifdar and Justice U V Bakre disposed of the PIL after the state government and the NGO jointly submitted a copy of the minutes of the orders duly signed by the petitioner, the chairperson of the child welfare committee and the director of women and child development. As per the minutes, the CWC shall pass immediate escort orders under Rule 65 (2) of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000, for repatriating children to their native place if the origin is known after due enquiry under Section 33 of the act.The minutes further stated that the state government shall conduct a home study on all the children given by the CWC for foster care since 2003 and review the status of such children through the probation officer. Children will be segregated as per their age and nature, the minutes said.The childrens' court shall endeavour to take the statement of the child within three months for the filing of the chargesheet before the court.An inquiry will be carried out by the state government into allegations of irregularities by previous members of the CWC. This includes allegations that children have been given into foster care without following the procedure, the minutes also stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151306", "title": "34 HIV positive students in school after long struggle", "text": "CHENNAI: Every time eight-year-old Maya* sees a visitor, she shows off her new gifts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a white starched shirt, a maroon skirt and a pair of school shoes. \"Today was my first day at school. I was a little scared in the beginning, but I made a lot of new friends,\" she said coyly.Maya is among the 34 residents of a children's home in Bandikavanur village, about 30km from Chennai, who stepped into a school for the first time on Wednesday after HIV played havoc in their lives. They are all children of HIV+ve people.While most of them have lost either or both of their parents, 19 of them inherited the virus. The children \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 18 girls and 16 boys \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were admitted to a primary school in the village in Thiruvallur district under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan's 'Education for all' scheme.For most of these children, the scheme gave them their first shot at leading a \"normal\" life. \"I've often stood by the gate of the children's home and watched school kids in uniforms jostle with one another. I wished I could join them and be their friend, but I wasn't sure if they would accept me. Today, I finally got a chance to be a student,\" said 10-year-old Mani*, who lost both his parents to HIV.The 34 children, from across the state, are currently under the care of the Community Health Education Society (CHES), which has a home in the village that houses 85 HIV infected and affected children. Most of them find schooling difficult because of opposition from the school authorities and other parents who know about their health status.Bandikavanur Panchayat Union Primary school principal N Shanthi said it wasn't easy admitting these children. \"In the beginning, we had decided not to reveal the children's background, but word soon got around and we had parents approaching us asking if their wards would get infected. Explaining the situation wasn't easy, but the panchayat head and elders in the village got together and explained things to them,\" she said. The school also made provisions to cater to the medical needs of the children and the teachers are being trained to handle emergencies.For CHES, it marks the end of a 19-year struggle. \"For close to two decades, we have been trying to send HIV-affected children to mainstream schools, but few would admit them. Even if they were admitted, the children would drop out as they couldn't bear the discrimination. This is the first time a whole bunch of our children have been admitted to a school at one go,\" said its president Dr P Manorama.The NGO is also holding classes for these students to help them cope with their peers in the mainstream.(Names of the children have been withheld to protect their identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17151475", "title": "Industries still vulnerable to thefts during Diwali", "text": "NASHIK: Even as industries in Satpur and Ambad industrial areas of MIDC are poised for a week-long shutdown on account of Diwali festival, at least 30% streetlights are not functioning owing to lethargy on part of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).The Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) and Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) have sent reminders to the NMC to carry out the repairs of streetlights before Diwali to prevent theft &amp; robberies.Every year during Diwali, there is a spurt in crime, mainly thefts and robberies, in Ambad and Satpur MIDC industrial areas.Last year, the industrial associations had provided a vehicle and barricades to city police to enhance security. This year, too, industry bodies have provided barricades and a vehicles to the city police for patrolling.There are two MIDC areas -Satpur and Ambad- in the limits of NMC. There are around 4,500 large, medium and small industries and manufacturing of most of the industries belongs to auto and electric sectors. Steel, aluminum and other metals are used as raw materials to a large extent by these companies. The industries are closed for around a week during Diwali. Theft of metals occur in industrial areas during Diwali.Speaking to TOI, AIMA president Suresh Mali said, \"There are close to 1,200 streetlights in Ambad MIDC. Out of which, 30% are not functioning that may cause spurt in cases of thefts and robberies at night during Diwali. We have given fresh reminders to the NMC officials and urged them to make all streetlights operational in industrial areas.\"When contacted, an NMC official said, \"The required electric materials have already been purchased and we have already started repairing streetlights in Ambad MIDC. Most of the streetlights have been repaired so far and other maintenance works are expected to be completed by the end of this month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149444", "title": "Corporations mull steps to ensure safety of buildings", "text": "NEW DELHI: With less than 5% property owners applying for completion certificates, the municipal corporations are finding it hard to ensure structural safety of buildings. The civic agencies are now studying policies adopted by other municipalities in the country to encourage people to obtain the certificate.\"In Hyderabad, the owners have to mortgage 25% of the property to the civic agency while getting the building plan sanctioned. But once they obtain a completion certificate for the building, the ownership rights are restored back to them,\" said S S Yadav, commissioner, East Delhi Municipal Corporation. The corporation is also mulling a three-time increase in property tax for properties which don't have a completion certificate. \"We are yet to take a final decision,\" said Yadav.At least six building collapse incidents, including one in Lalita Park which claimed 70 lives, have been reported in the last two years, forcing the corporations to rework their policy on completion certificate.In East Delhi, the erstwhile MCD had roped in National Institute of Disaster Management (NIDM) to carryout a survey on structural safety of structures in the trans-Yamuna area. According to officials, of the 800 building plans sanctioned by the East corporation, only one had completion certificate. \"While issuing a completion certificate, we check all the aspects of structural safety. In case the building doesn't meet the standard, we can ask the owner to carryout necessary changes. This will also help us boost revenue,\" said Mahek Singh, chairman, standing committee, East corporation.In the survey done by NIDM, it was found that a large number of structures in trans-Yamuna area were not safe. Officials say a majority of buildings, especially in unauthorized colonies, have come up without any sanctioned plan. \"There is an urgent need to check these unsafe structures. Though it is mandatory to take completion certificate, most people avoid it,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17148632", "title": "Marathi literary meet at Ponda", "text": "PANAJI: The tenth women's Marathi literary convention of Goa 'Gomantak Mahila Sahitya Sammelan' will be held in Ponda on November 9 and 10. The convention, which will guide Goan women on 'precis writing,' will be attended by a number of national level women Marathi writers and actresses.Aruna Dhere will be the chairperson of the convention, former chief minister Shashikala Kakodkar will inaugurate the literary fest, Sangeeta Abhyankar, working chairperson of the convention has revealed. Amruta Subhash and Mukta Barve will interact with women in 'Muktamrut' (union of Mukta-Amruta) session. A session 'Lihave Netke' (precis writing) will be conducted to train Goan budding women writers.Madhuri Purandare from Pune will conduct the session. Marathi novelist and poetess Kavita Mahajan will interact with participants on her 'Kuhu' - first Indian multimedia novel in 'Kshitij' (The Horizon) session.Release of 'Geet Radhey': 'Geet Radhey', a book comprising collection of songs on the life of Karna, authored by Dr Padmanabh Rataboli and published by Sanjana Publications will be released by St Andre MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh on November 10, at 4.30pm, at the library auditorium of Goa Medical College (GMC), Bambolim. GMC dean Dr V N Jindal and GMC's former dean Dr V G Dhume will be the special invitees.Release of M A Chacko's book: 'How he met me and other stories' written by M A Chacko will be released on November 10, at 4.15pm, at Dr Fransisco Luis Gomes library, Navelim, at the hands of litterateur Damodar Mauzo. Dr Dilip Kare, educationist, will deliver the key note address. The book is a collection of 15 short stories, each depicting the creative and emotional landscape. It is published by Broadway Publishing House, Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17149491", "title": "E-certificate project faces teething issues in rural areas", "text": "RANCHI: Though the pilot e-district project of the Union government to support the district administration in providing various certificates relating to caste, residence, birth and death has been successfully launched, people in rural areas as well as the district administration have been facing problems due to it.As the certificate provided through e-district project is computerized, there is no government stamp on it, but a digital signature. As a result many organizations are reluctant to accept the certificates.Deputy commissioner Vinay Choubey said, \"As the certificates are computerized, these are not manually stamped. As a result, banks and many other organizations refuse to accept them. There have been instances when I have had to myself call up these organizations to say that the certificate is authentic and it should be accepted.\"Choubey, however, said these were problems likely to be faced by the people at the initial stage. \"Right now the project is only functional in rural areas. Once it is implemented in urban areas people will get used to it,\" he said.The e-district project has been started this year so that people from rural areas do not need to come to the district headquarters to get each and every certificate.\"Earlier every certificate was manually filled up and signed which was a lengthy process. Now it has become computerized and the certificate bears a digital signature. People just have to visit the common service centre at their village and submit the necessary documents and they will get the certificate in a day or two,\" Choubey said.Choubey said as many as 150 Pragya Kendra has been established at the block level from where one can issue certificates relating to caste, residence and income.The e-district project for urban areas would be inaugurated by chief minister Arjun Munda on November 15. Choubey said, \"For the time being we are only connecting hospitals like the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences, sadar hospital and Military Hospital to e-district and only birth and death certificates will be issued initially. We are planning to include the Ranchi Municipal Corporation in the second phase.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17151117", "title": "Noise pollution on rise with every Diwali each year", "text": "JAIPUR: The cracking sounds during Diwali celebrations last year exceeded the permitted level by 90% in the city. A study of the past four years by Rajasthan State Pollution Control Board indicates that noise pollution has been on consistent rise reaching to levels enough for to deafen a person of any age group.The noise levels on the day of Diwali on October 26, 2011, were recorded the highest at 86.4 decibel (dB) in resident areas against the standard level of 45 dB. The Jawahar Nagar area being the loudest followed by Mansarovar (84.6 dB), Civil Lines (82.4 dB) and Gandhi Nagar (74.5 dB).The situation at silent zones like hospital, old age home and court areas were even worse. The noise monitored at SMS hospital on the Diwali night was 76.3 dB against an acceptable limit of 40 dB. Areas near Santokba Durlabhji hospital at Bhawani Singh lane was recorded at 74.1 dB. Similarly, noise levels were quite high in commercial places and market areas like Raja Park (84.2 dB), Choti Chopad (82.4 dB), Badi Chopad (80.9 dB) and Ajmeri Gate (74.0 dB). The standard level for these areas is 55 dB.Doctors said continuous exposure to such high level decibels can lead to hearing impairment. \"The figures are very alarming. If anybody stays at such places continuously for 4-5 hours, then there are chances of ear damage. Even spending one hour in such sounds suppresses small cells of our ear,\" said Dr Sunil Garg, ENT consultant at Fortis Healthcare.However, with an average of 68 dB noise level in 2010, 66 dB in 2009 and 65dB on Diwali night in 2008, there was less noise pollution during 2011. Officials of RSPCB, however claimed that such noise at extremes are not only hazardous to humans but create imbalances in the environment too. R K Gaur, chief scientific officer at RSPCB, said \"Our study for the past four years during the Diwali night clearly points out that we are playing with a fire. The short term impact is hearing problems added with air pollution. But the long terms damages are far more dangerous.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17150872", "title": "BJP activists throw garbage at Jaipur Municipal Corporation CEO", "text": "JAIPUR: Activists of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha, who were protesting against imposition of sanitation charges on residents, went on a rampage at the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) headquarters on Thursday.The police resorted to lathicharge and arrested 21 of them after the activists threw garbage at JMC chief executive officer (CEO) Jagroop Singh Yadav. The activists also damaged the government properties and the cars parked outside the JMC building. The mob pelted stones, injuring the policemen and the reporters.Later in the night, deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari , deputy mayor Manish Pareek, BJP state president Arun Chaturvedi, along with other party leaders sat on dharna at the Sanganer police station where the activists were lodged. The BJP leaders were demanding release of the activists.The incident occurred around 1.30 pm when the activists, protesting against the newly levied user-charges, reached the JMC premises in a rally and tried to forcefully enter the building but were stopped by the police. Few BJP councilors requested the CEO to meet a delegation and accept the memorandum.However, when the CEO came out, the activists misbehaved with him and shouted slogans. A miscreant among them threw garbage on Yadav when he was accepting the memorandum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17150015", "title": "Yellow metal turns pale in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: No time of the year better than Diwali to buy gold, but sale has declined a sharp 25 to 30 per cent in the city this year. Karvachauth revenue was low and jewellers are pinning hopes on Dhanteras sale as fluctuating price keeps buyers away. A Mahanagar jeweler Munna Lal Verma says, \"Sale of gold has declined every year since 2008, but not to this extent. On an average, the decline was of 10-12 per cent every year but this time it has plunged more than 20 per cent. We are just expecting sales to pick up on Dhanteras.\"Married women did not buy much gold on Karvachauth and now jewelers are eyeing those to-be-married as wedding season sets in. The last quarter comprising October, November and December marks the combined festival and wedding season in India. All companies look up to this season as it contributes a major chunk to the annual turnover, up to 40 per cent of the total sale in the jewellery industry. But with a slow start and average response so far, the ratio would differ this year. Companies and jewellers are both relying more on the weddings to make up for the festival deficit.A year ago, gold valued approximately Rs 26,000 per 10 gram, compared to this year's about Rs 31,300. This is a big leap, and given the buying capacity of public in the wake of rising prices, there is hardly any money to buy gold. A jewellery store manager said, \"Since it is a custom to buy gold during festivals, people are buying this year too but only as a token. They are opting for gold coins (aka 'ginnis') or lighter ornaments. There is a marked decline of 10-15 per cent in volumes this year.\"But in context of the situation of price rise, the sale is not too discouraging as it was expected to be much worse, commented another jeweller.In a departure from previous years, there is hardly a rush in shops and people are buying mostly gold coins for Dhanteras. Compared to demand for various jewellery items in the city, gold coins contribute 10 per cent, ornaments 60 per cent and diamonds have a 30 per cent in the revenue. A shop owner in Aliganj area said, \"Gold has always been known as the best investment. That is why we see investments in bullion rising up to 25 per cent this year, like never before. There is rise in disposable income and desire to own gold or diamond. People have become used to the idea of buying gold ornaments in the range of Rs 31,000 and above.\"Jewelers are running festive offers and discount schemes to lure customers and these include 20-30 percent-off on jewellery-making charges, 20-30 per cent discount on purchase of diamonds worth above Rs 2 lakh, silver jewellery free on purchase of gold ornaments of same weight and some early bird prizes. Exclusive offers are likely to be announced on Dhanteras.Store manager of a branded showroom, Arpit Tandon says, \"With prices rising, people think it is good to invest in gold. It would sooner or later increase in value. Hence, as experts predict, the rate would further rise during the festive season and we would see more people buying with purpose of investment rather than for ornamental value.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kurali (mohali)", "code": "17150547", "title": "Unusually quiet Diwali season in Kurali", "text": "KURALI (MOHALI): With authorities denying permission for setting up the popular cracker market in Kurali, which is erected temporarily every year, buyers are wondering where the affordable fireworks would come from this Diwali. Though crackers are available at shops in the main market of Kurali around the bus stand, sales are yet to pick up as customers say the prices are higher there. Those looking for bulk purchases are the worst affected.\"We have not started purchasing crackers from main shops as these are expensive. Moreover, we are looking for some bulk supplier who can provide crackers at a heavy discount,\" said Simrandeep Singh Bawa, a Kharar resident, who along with his friends had come to visit the market. Hopeful of striking a bargain, another local, Jaswinder Kaur, said, \"We will wait till the last day of Diwali ... these shopkeepers might lower prices. Though I might have to make small purchases, bulk buy will happen only when the fireworks are more affordable.\"Anuj Gupta, a shopkeeper, said, \"We are not getting too many customers and only kids come occasionally. I hope that momentum will increase as Diwali comes near.\" Another shopkeeper in the main market, Yashpal, said, \"We have a huge variety that will appeal to all age-groups. But customers are not showing too much interest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17150605", "title": "Congress leaders spoke under compulsion, says Dhumal", "text": "SHIMLA: Elections may be over in Himachal Pradesh but the campaign sting is still being felt. Reacting to the statement of Punjab Congress president Amarinder Singh, that induction heaters cause cancer especially to pregnant women, chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal said: \"As far as our knowledge is concerned, induction heaters are safe and we are using it in our homes.\"Dhumal was addressing mediapersons on Thursday. He said that Congress leaders had quoted some Kerala-based company having done research on the effects of induction heaters. \"We could never trace whereabouts of this company,\" he said.Confident of winning the election with full majority, Dhumal said that in the election, capping on subsidized LPG cylinders and increase in the price was a big issue. \"We promised to give induction heaters free of cost and this idea appealed to the voters. Women came out to vote in large numbers,\" he said.Reacting to the statements of Congress leaders including Sonia Gandhi, PM Manmohan Singh, Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad and Union commerce minister Anand Sharma, Dhumal said that \"their claims that Rs 10,000 crore of Centre's fund was not utilized by the state were nothing but a bundle of lies\".Dhumal said he would write a letter to Sonia Gandhi and PM informing them that in 2007-2012, five year plan size was Rs 11,400 crore while the state spent Rs 11,615 crore that was Rs 215 crore more than the plan size.Dhumal said: \"Some people (Congress leaders) held press conference during election under compulsion and what they said was not based on facts. I am writing detailed letters to these leaders with facts and figures to prove what they said was wrong.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149331", "title": "Personal info can't be disclosed under RTI: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Giving privilege to the right to privacy, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court ruled that personal information, which serves no public interest, can't be disclosed under the Right to Information (RTI) Act, 2005.Allowing the writ petition (WP NO. 2157/2012) filed by Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company (Mahatransco) Limited, which challenged the order of state information commissioner, Justice Vasanati Naik held that such non-disclosure of personal information is protected by the exception provided in one of the provisions of the RTI Act itself.In the given case, respondent Sureshkumar Patil, a resident of Hingna Road, had sought personal information of ten employees working in Mahatransco through an application dated June 6, 2011. He demanded confidential documents like annual performance appraisal and job description of these employees.Patil had also asked for the documents relating to the job description of certain officers and the attested copies of representation for the upgradation of annual confidential reports of the employees.The second respondent - state information commissioner's Nagpur bench in Civil lines - had partly allowed the appeal on December 20 last year and asked the petitioners to disclose the information sought by Patil.The high court held that such disclosure is unwarranted. Referring to section 8(1)(j) of the RTI Act, the court observed that disclosure of personal information, which has no relation with the larger public interest, causes unnecessary intrusion in the individual's private realm. \"Unless the central or the state information commissioner finds that such disclosure is justified for larger public interest, no personal information must be supplied with,\" the court stated.It also relied on an unreported apex court judgment of this year, which held that every individual is entitled to right to privacy and any such disclosure without reasonable grounds of public interest, violates the right of the individual.Accordingly, Justice Naik quashed and set aside the December 20 order of the state information commission while allowing prayers of the petitioner - public information officer and general manager Madhao Pendor of Mahatransco. DM Kale was the counsel for Mahatransco, while SB Wahane and AB Patil represented the first and second respondents respectively.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17151627", "title": "Mobile court to dispose off petty cases faster in rural areas", "text": "COIMBATORE: To speed up penalizing petty offenders within rural police limits, a special mobile court chaired by a magistrate has been introduced in the district. The mobile court will be run within rural Coimbatore limits. Suspects in petty offences will be produced by police in the mobile court rather than the magistrate courts on a regular basis.The mobile court has been covering 32 police stations in rural Coimbatore areas. The court deals with motor vehicle Act, Tamil Nadu city police Act, Madras city police Act, smoking and spitting act and all other offences. Magistrate G Nagarajan has assumed the position of judge of the mobile court.As there are too many cases to handle for regular courts, the mobile court will share the burden and help in disposing off petty cases on the spot. For instance, if a motorcycle rider is caught for drunk driving, he will be taken to a government hospital for blood test to check his alcohol levels. He will then be produced before the magistrate, based on which he will either be fined or sent to jail. However, if the rider admits his offence, the court will impose a fine and dispose the case on the spot.The mobile court will cover Sulur and Karumathampatti areas on Monday, Annur and Mettupalayam on Tuesday, Thudiyalur and Madukkarai on Wednesday; Pollachi on Thursday and Friday.A police constable, an office assistant and a steno typist will be deployed at the mobile court. A constable from Coimbatore rural armed police shall be the driver for the mobile court. \"The court has disposed 45 cases till now. Most of the public and police are not aware of the mobile court. Police can produce petty case offenders before the court and immediately dispose the case on the spot,\" said a judicial officer.The city police registers at least 1,000 cases of traffic violations every day. It is a cumbersome task for regular courts to dispose the cases immediately. \"Judicial authorities should utilize the mobile court for city police limits as well. It would help in speedy disposal of cases,\" said the judicial officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17148670", "title": "Sites inspected for Chorao bridge", "text": "BICHOLIM: The government has proposed to construct a bridge linking Chorao island to Bardez taluka at Salvador do Mundo village across the river Mandovi.On Thursday, deputy speaker of the Goa assembly and Mayem MLA Anant Shet inspected some sites along with the project's consultant, Chorao sarpanch Divya Usapkar and other village panchayat members.Sites inspected included those in Britona, Chorao and Salvador do Mundo.While the government is firm in going ahead with the construction of the bridge, the exact point where Chorao will be linked to the main land has not been finalized.Sources said a point at Salvador do Mundo village has been tentatively selected. The bridge will be constructed by the Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC), the sources added.An audio visual presentation of the project was conducted, earlier in the day, at the Secretariat at Porvorim, sources said.The bridge between the two villages has been a long-pending demand of the people of Chorao.Another bridge, this one linking Ribandar to Divar island and initiated by the former Digambar Kamat-led government last year, will be taken up by the public works department (PWD), sources told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17150620", "title": "Saina won't mind joining public life", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saina Nehwal may seriously consider the option of joining politics and public life after her badminton career is over. This was revealed by the badminton champion herself - in response to a pointed question - at the launch of her autobiography in the city on Wednesday.\"Right now, my full time vocation is to play badminton\", Saina, said not making bones that she is aiming for the gold medal in the 2016 Olympics. The Hyderabad girl secured the bronze medal at the recently concluded London Olympics.The book was jointly released by ace shooter Gagan Narang and the Resident Editor of The Times Of India Kingshuk Nag. \"I think talent is not enough and hard work is very important. I would say 40% talent and 60% hard work goes towards the making of a champion and yes, of course, discipline is an imperative,\" Saina said.\"If I have to pinpoint one single factor that has gone towards my success, it is the fact that I play to win. Winning gives me the inspiration to carry on day after day, week after week, month after month,\" Saina said in response to a question. In terms of special people who had made her what she is, Saina said that her mother and her coach Pullela Gopichand would surely be counted in that category.Crediting her mother for being the source of inspiration, Saina said: \"My mom, was the one who pushed me into badminton. I remember once asking her what the difference was between me and the world No.1 player, and she didn't laugh at the question or think I was setting goals too high. Instead, she looked me in the eye and told me exactly how the best player in the world was better than me. It made me feel that I could dream big, and I did begin to do so. I knew I had a lot of work ahead to get to the top, the road was opening in front of me and I stepped on it with some confidence, thanks to Mummy.\"On her coach she said: \"I find Gopi sir a lot cooler than several other coaches. He encourages me by saying you are doing a lot for India and you are our gold.\" Saina added: \"Whatever the coaches ask me to do, I do perfectly.\" Narang, who also won a bronze at the London Olympics, chipped in saying that sportspersons have the right credentials to join public life and politics.\"A lot of people look up to us for inspiration. Sportspersons unite the country with their achievements. I am sure we can do a good job in politics,\" Gagan said.On her journey towards 2016 Rio Olympics, Saina said it was important to stay injury-free. \"I am happy that I started my journey by winning the Denmark Open where I beat the world No.1. Though it is too early, I want to stay focused till then,\" said Saina, who is the first Indian shuttler to win a Commonwealth Games gold.When Narang enquired on what she wanted to change in the country, Saina said, \"I want all the sports to be as popular as cricket. I want the sponsors to support not only stars but all the players from all disciplines.\"Asked what was the first thing she did after winning the bronze at London, Saina said \"I had an ice cream. I eat ice cream whenever I win a tournament. In fact, that is the only occasion I get to eat ice cream. And to eat ice creams I want to win many more tournaments,\" said the winner of 18 international titles.On how Yoganidhra formed a crucial part of her career, she said, \"I do a lot of it every day. It helps one to stay focused and relieves from all kinds of pressures.\" Saina agreed that at 22, she did not live the life that a girl of her age lived. \"But badminton is my life and even the friends that I have are made in the badminton academy where I spend most of the time when I am not travelling for matches,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17150537", "title": "Coastal police head not where headquarters is", "text": "HYDERABAD: He may be the head of the Coastal Security Police (CSP), the marine wing of Andhra Pradesh police force which has its headquarters in Visakhapatnam, but from now on he will be based in landlocked Hyderabad instead of in the port city.Inspector general of police (IGP) K Srinivas Reddy, the chief of marine police responsible for guarding the 974-kilometre long AP coastline, was supposed to have his office in Visakhapatnam. However, director general of police (DGP) V Dinesh Reddy has sought the state government's permission that the IG be allowed to work from Hyderabad and not Visakhapatnam citing 'administrative reasons' with the consent for the same coming a few days back. Ironically, the proposal has partially undone a decision, taken in 2010, to shift the marine police headquarters from Hyderabad to Visakhapatnam.It is learnt that the proposal was sent in May 2012, a month after the controversial decision to transfer Srinivas Reddy from the post of additional director in the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB). Srinivas Reddy was then a DIG-rank officer heading the Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the liquor scam.It is not clear whether the decision to allow the chief of coastal security to work from Hyderabad is a culmination of prior events or a move based on a request from Srinivas Reddy unless it was an attempt to pacify the officer.Officially, the DGP told the state government: \"Marine Police, now designated as Coastal Security Police (CSP), is still in its nascent stage and a lot of coordination work with various departments and wings at the state capital level is required to be done by the inspector general of police, Coastal Security, and hence locating him in Hyderabad is essential to process various proposals, etc. in various departments in the state Secretariat.\"However, the CSP headquarters will remain in Visakhapatnam although its head would be working from Hyderabad. An additional superintendent of police-level officer would be in charge at the Vizag headquarters.\"The IGP would be on and off visiting Visakhapatnam to supervise field work... the AP coastline is long and since the inspector general of police, Coastal Security, also needs to visit all coastal security police stations from Srikakulam to Nellore, locating him in Hyderabad would facilitate better accessibility,\" Dinesh Reddy told the state government. The IGP is likely to work from the office of the DGP. Until Srinivas Reddy was named chief of CSP, the marine police wing was headed by a deputy inspector general-rank officer. Several proposals with regard to strengthening CSP, which includes setting up 15 marine police stations in addition to the existing six, have been pending for several years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17151154", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMoney doesn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t matter, we want our baby back\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: The parents of the baby boy, who was reportedly stolen from Wadia Hospital, announced a reward of Rs 5 lakh for providing information that would help find him.On October 24, Jasmin and Devdas Naik's day-old baby was reportedly stolen by an unidentified woman from the maternity ward of the hospital.The family suspects that the culprit would eventually try to sell the child. \"If the woman indeed wants to do so, she can sell the child back to us,\" said Abhisheck, Jasmin's brother, adding: \"Money is nothing to us. We are ready to spend all the money (we have) for the baby.\"Though Jasmin is fit to be discharged, the family has refused to go home without the baby. \"We have got pamphlets printed, which will be put up at public places,\" said Abhisheck.Earlier, the state announced a reward of Rs 1 lakh for providing information that would help nail the baby thief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149718", "title": "Kali to be worshipped amid nightlong rituals", "text": "MUMBAI: Kartik Amavasya or Diwali night is when people from Bengal, Assam and Orissa will celebrate Kali puja. Across temples and maidans in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai, the striking goddess is worshipped all night long amid a festive line-up of bhog and cultural programmes.Kali puja is believed to be a fairly recent practice dating back to the 18th century that came into prominence in the temples of Kamakhya, Kalighat and Dakshineshwar. Over time, devotees have begun making a symbolic \"sacrifice\" of gourd or cucumber, alternating minuscule amounts of liquor with coconut water as a ritual offering. Red hibiscus flowers, rice, sweets, fish and meat are placed before the goddess. Tantric rites are common.In Nerul, Amra Prabasi Bengali Association is celebrating its 20th year of Kali puja at the Ganesh temple. \"The ornaments of the goddess will be made of silver. Around 800 people will partake of bhog that begins at 1.30am after the puja. We serve khichdi, mixed vegetables, tomato chutney and payesh,\" No non-vegetarian items are on offer, given that the venue is a temple,\" says secretary Rathin Pal. Amra Prabasi has invited TV artistes and local performers that night.In Bandra, Notunpalli Durgotsav mandal will have its event on Linking Road, says spokesperson M C Banerjee. \"Kali puja brings the worship of the Devi that begins at Durga Puja full circle,\" he says.The old Bengal Club at Shivaji Park worships the Dakhhini Kali who has four hands. Spokesperson Prasoon Rakshit says, \"The mahapuja will start at 9.30pm and continue past midnight. Instead of alcohol, we offer ken-sura prepared with coconut water, honey and ginger.\" Around 15,000 people arrive through the night and stay till the final havan. Hundreds of them partake of the bhog.The club does not observe tantrik rites. \"We have a permanent Kali temple on our premises and worship her as the fearless avatar of Ma Durga for happiness, health, wealth and peace,\" Rakshit says. \"We pray for the removal of hardships,\" Rakshit says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17150536", "title": "Cobra grabs limelight at high court", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17150673", "title": "Building had no NoC, owner blames client", "text": "BANGALORE: Police sources said the godown which went up in flames on Thursday hadn't obtained a No-Objection Certificate from the fire and emergency services department. Building owner Ananth Reddy said: \"I haven't got any NoC but expected the tenants to do it.\"He said his driver Nanjundappa called him around 10am and informed him about the fire. \"I was out on work when the incident took place. When I got the call, I rushed there immediately. Nanjundappa said the fire started from the rear section of the godown. I'm not sure how it broke out. The godown has been here for over 12 years and the garment factory has been operating there for over 10 years,\" Reddy said.The garment factory is owned by textile engineer Prashant.According to fire brigade officials, the inferno could have caused many deaths had it occurred a couple of hours later. Police sources said there were five persons working in the godown and ten persons in the garment factory. The garment workers also managed to remove stocks from their factory.Harish, employee of another garment factory nearby, said he heard about the fire around 9.50am when he was at work. Manjunath, an employee of the garment factory, said, \"I came to work around 9.15am and 20-25 workers were there. We saw the smoke around 9.45am and immediately evacuated the building,\" he said.Smoke trails could be seen as far as the Madiwala Junction, around 4km away. \"By the time I ran to the spot, most people in the buildings were out. I've never seen anything like this. There were huge flames and smoke going higher,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149390", "title": "2 firms in food scam booked in 2010", "text": "NEW DELHI: Owners of two of the six companies named in the Supreme Court commissioners' report on the Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) food scam in Maharashtra were charge-sheeted by the CBI in another scam in 2010 for allegedly rigging contracts and supplying over-priced food meant for tribals in the state. The CBI had carried out investigations upon orders of the Bombay high court.The state government was aware of problems in ICDS contracts as the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) had written to it in August 2012 warning that a contract to provide ready-to-eat rations for poor children under the scheme had also gone to contractors based in Rajasthan, in complete contravention of Supreme Court orders.TOI accessed both the charge-sheet against the two companies and the letter written by NCPCR to the Maharashtra government.The CBI charge-sheet accuses Rajan Shankar Jadhav, director of Allied Protein Foods Pvt Ltd, and Ulhas Parasmal Pagaria, partner in Paras Foods, of conniving with officials of the Maharashtra State Cooperative Tribal Development Corporation Ltd and National Co-op Consumer Federation Ltd and rigging contracts to provide food to 'tribal ashram shalas' and selling the items at steep prices.The Supreme Court commissioners' report had accused Pagaria of floating a front 'women's group' through his wife and other relatives to corner a lucrative contract in the ICDS ration supply chain. Jadhav was named in the report for setting up a mahila mandal in the name of his wife, sister-in-law and others to get contracts for his company.The court commissioners had said these backroom operations, which provided a monopoly to some firms over the lucrative annual contracts, were in contravention of apex court orders that allow only community-based organizations, self-help groups and mahila mandals to be contracted for supplies.A letter from the NCPCR shows that the Maharashtra government was aware of the problems in the contracts as far back as August 2012, but failed to act on the issue. In the letter written on August 24, NCPCR said, \"Currently, the take-home rations are being supplied through contractors from Rajasthan rather than being produced locally.\"The child rights panel added, \"The Supreme Court has also directed the government to ensure that no contractors are engaged in the food security schemes of the government of India in order to prevent commercialization of and profit-making from malnourishment.\"It warned that there were serious gaps and inadequacies in the implementation of the ICDS, leading to continued malnourishment in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17150999", "title": "Old world idols are ideal", "text": "VARANASI: Despite the increasing complexity of the world and its dependence on factory-made items, the city's traditional saffron and green coloured idols of Lakshmi and Ganesha continue to retain their old world charm and evoke nostalgia.The idols have witnessed an increased demand this year, and traders from Nepal, Bihar, West Bengal, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh and adjoining districts of Varanasi are thronging the city to purchase the same in view of Diwali.Udai Shankar, an artisan near Rewari Talab area, whose family has been making the idols for the last three generations said, \"Although colourful and glossy idols made up of plastic, plaster of paris, metals and other items have hit the market in the last five to seven years, the demand for the saffron coloured clay idols has never gone down. Around 20,000 pairs are prepared by each family of artisans every year prior to Diwali festivities.\"Interestingly, the preparation of the clay idols starts from the month of March itself and most of the work in their making is done by women. Munni Devi who has been making these idols for the last 40 years, shares, \"It is a full-time work-from-home job for women. The preparation is a lengthy process. The men of the house bring the clay from Asi ghat which is doughed and softened by us for easily moulding. Once the moulding is complete, it is coloured with Sindoor (vermilion) and glue (obtained from Babool tree). Earlier, natural and organic colours were used for colouring purpose, making the idol non-polluting and non-toxic to the environment. But the organic colours are beyond our reach now as they are costly and do not fit in the present costing of Rs 12 for each idol.\"\"The specialty of this idol is that it is prepared with the clay from Ganga river which makes it even more devotionally valuable,\" informed Vijay Prajapati, another artisan. However, the number of artisans engaged in making such idols have decreased in the recent years.If the artists are to believed, only 20 to 22 families dwelling in Khojwa, Kamachha, Lanka and Aurangabad, Rewari Talab areas are now engaged in this work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17151041", "title": "IAS, IPS officers shifted", "text": "JAIPUR: In a minor reshuffle, the state government on Thursday transferred four IAS and three IPS officers.Ashok Shekhar, who was principal secretary, ayurveda department, has been given the charge of Sanskrit education while Preetam Singh, who was awaiting posting orders, has been made principal secretary, science and IT department. R Venketshwaran, secretary, home, has been shifted to the agriculture department as commissioner, and commissioner - land settlement, Naveen Jain, has been made director, college education.In IPS cadre, three ADGP rank officials were transferred. Suresh Choudhary, who was posted as ADGP traffic has been given the charge of railways. Ravindra Singh Dhillo is now ADGP, training, while Manoj Bhatt is ADGP traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17150880", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority takes over NIMS hostel, to be razed", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) on Thursday took possession of a hostel constructed on the NIMS campus on a pasture land along the Jaipur-Delhi national highway.After the seven-day deadline given by the court lapsed on Thursday, the JDA enforcement team reached the campus as the NIMS administration had failed to comply with the high court directions to remove encroachments on its own.Chief controller, enforcement (CCE), Yogendra Joshi, said: \"We have taken possession of the hostel building after vacating the hostel.\"When the enforcement team reached the campus, students staying in the hostel building had not vacated their rooms. The team had to face a mild resistance as students alleged the administration has not given any prior information to vacate the hostel. Moreover, the team also had to struggle a bit as majority of rooms were locked. \"All 68 rooms in the hostel block were occupied by the students when team reached the campus. Also, there was no cooperation from the University to shift the students' goods,\" said an official.Many students even alleged that no alternative arrangement has been made by the administration and the JDA is displacing them a day before their examination. \"The University administration has not given any information to students to vacate the rooms. Also, no alternative arrangement has been made for us till late evening. When the team reached here, we were studying in the library for our examination,\" said a student.In its recent decision, JDA tribunal had ordered NIMS to demolish the building by November 1. If this was not done, then the authority would demolish the building. The college administration approached the Rajasthan High Court against the order but did not get any relief and November 7 deadline was given to remove the encroachment.Officials claimed that the university has encroached upon 8,125 sq m of land. S B Sarvate, a member of the explosives expert team from Indore, has been appointed by the JDA for controlled blasts.Four hostel buildings in NIMS campus constructed illegally on government land will be pulled down in nine separate blasts using planned controlled demolition. The technique will be used for the second time in the city for demolishing a G+2 building. According to a blast expert, \"The height of the building is less and width and length is more. The building will be isolated and will be pulled down through nine separate blasts.\"\"We have to be cautious as the administrative block is adjoining the buildings,\" he said.The blast experts will make holes and fit electronic detonators in the building. \"Three hostel buildings will be separated in six parts. One building will be separated in three parts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151535", "title": "In festive season, TN rural areas go powerless for 14 hrs a day", "text": "CHENNAI: Power shortage is worsening in the state with many rural areas going without power for 12 to 14 hours.Most parts of western Tamil Nadu, including Coimbatore, Tirupur, Erode and Salem cities, face long hours of blackout. The whole region did not have power from 9pm on Wednesday until early Thursday. But for a one-hour supply in the morning, there was no supply in the western belt all through Thursday too.It took a toll on festival shopping in urban centres. Children are among the worst sufferers as they are unable to prepare for mid-term examinations. The state has been over-dependant on wind energy for the past six months. With an installed wind energy capacity of more than 7,000MW, the windmills generated more than 4,000MW on some days and averaged between 2,000MW and 3,000MW all through the season - June to September.With the wind season ending and alternative supply sources not yet ready, Tamil Nadu has to purchase power from outside to bridge the 4,000MW gap. But grid congestion is hampering such plans.The TNEB should have foreseen the crisis and speeded up the ongoing projects to commission them before September to tackle the shortage, felt an analyst. Despite trying to insulate Chennai from power shortage, the utility had to impose a two-hour load shedding in the city.Factors that have worsened the crisis are increased use of airconditioners in offices and houses, pumps by farmers and lighting by the trader community owing to festival shopping. Power managers feel rains alone will bring down the demand and consumption.\"We are hopeful that by the month-end, two thermal projects, Vallur and Mettur, will be ready for generation,\" said a TNEB official.TN has to purchase power from outside to meet the 4,000MW deficit. However, grid congestion is hampering such plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17150393", "title": "Most cases of conversion in MP false, minority panel VC says", "text": "INDORE: More than 150 cases of alleged high-handedness by the police, particularly against minorities, were taken up by vice-chairman of National Commission for Minorities, Dr HT Sangliana, here on Thursday.Talking to TOI, Sangliana said that a large number of cases of conversion have been registered by the police in the state. However, almost all the cases are false, he claimed demanding investigation into the cases by senior police officials.Pointing out police insensitivity towards real victims in such cases, he said the police are turning a blind eye towards their atrocities and many a time false complaints are being made with vested interests.Sangliana said that an impression is being created that the state police is not discharging its duties because the accused are said to be close to the political party in power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17151858", "title": "PIL in Madurai HC seeks to repeal controversial IT Act section", "text": "MADURAI: After the recent arrest of Ravi Srinivasan over his tweet against P Chidambaram's son Karti Chidambaram, A Marx, a human right activist, has filed a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) petition before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, seeking direction to the central government to repeal Section 66 A of the Information Technology Act, 2008 on the ground that it violates the Right to freedom of speech guaranteed under the Indian Constitution.Section 66 A of the Information Technology Act, 2008 is being criticized, since the arrest of forty-five year old Ravi Srinivasan who is a small time businessman and volunteer of India Against Corruption.He was booked under Section 66A of the Information Technology Act based on the e-mail complaint of Karti Chidambaram and was arrested by the CBCID police at his residence in Pondicherry in the early hours of October 31. However, he managed to get bail by the evening.The charge against Ravi is of spreading offensive message against Karti. In his twitter account, Ravi had tweeted that \"Karti Chidambaram has amassed more wealth than (Robert) Vadra\". Ravi's arrest kicked-off criticism across the country over the section 66A as it is against the fundamental rights guaranteed to the citizens of India. As a part of it, the state convenor of People's Union For Human Rights, A. Marx had sent representations to the central ministers of home, law and justice and information and technology regarding the repeal of the Section 66 A of the Information Technology Act.\"There are more chances of misuse of the Section 66 A particularly by politically influenced persons. Because the section paves the way to take action on any person, for which Ravi Srinivasan's arrest is an ample example. So it shall be repealed\", Marx said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151520", "title": "Karnataka bus caught carrying firecrackers", "text": "CHENNAI: Following reports of a spurt in incidents of fireworks being transported in state buses, the transport department intensified its crackdown and impounded a Karnataka-registered luxury bus in Chennai on Thursday morning.A flying squad found some packets of fireworks being illegally transported in the passenger bus heading to Chennai Mofussil Bus Terminus in Koyambedu. The check followed a recent decision to set up special flying squads led by regional transport officers and motor vehicle inspectors. The private bus (KA 42 9772) from Sivakasi was intercepted near Kathipara junction.\"After the mandatory checks on compliance of safety measures, including emergency exit route, the passenger baggage was examined. The team unearthed two large boxes of fireworks, neatly stacked,\" said a senior transport official. The passengers were asked to get down immediately and were sent to Koyambedu in another bus. The bus was detained.\"Stringent action will be taken against the bus owner under the Motor Vehicles Act,\" the official said. Sources said the increase in price of fireworks has prompted people to make trips to southern cities, particularly Sivakasi, Srivilliputhur and Virudhunagar, where they are cheaper and bring them back in buses.An executive from north Chennai said it was not difficult to bring two large containers of fireworks in omni buses from Sivakasi. \"The parcel was booked in Sivakasi and I paid 650 for transportation. The bus crew did not fuss about carrying the prohibited goods,\" he said.Passengers alleged such illegal transportation went unabated as bus operators colluded with booking agents. Police sources told TOI that they continued to get alerts about such unlawful activities and it was conveyed to transport officials for stern action.\"A few bus operators have separate vehicles for parcels, but even they prefer passenger buses as it is easy to unload small fireworks boxes,\" said an officer from Madurai. The transport and fire and rescue services departments have also been alerted about this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17149582", "title": "JSEB union enters into pact with management", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) engineers, officers, and members of coordination committee have entered into a written agreement with the board management after agreeing to defer their proposed strike. The committee had announced to go on an indefinite strike from November 6, but following the intervention of the chairman of JSEB, S N Verma, the committee postponed its agitation for a fortnight and got the demand list approved by the board management.Sharing details of the meeting, convener of the coordination committee, Prashant Chaturvedi, said the board has agreed not to introduce any change in the service terms, facilities, retirement benefits, promotion and pension of the JSEB employees following appointment of the franchisee. The board has decided to appoint franchisee for managing the distribution of power in the state.The board management has agreed to share the documents related to appointment of franchisee with the coordination committee and also consider the amendments suggested by the coordination committee. Chaturvedi said the matter of unbundling of the board is pending with the apex court and should be dealt with only when a verdict comes from the judiciary. \"Contract workers and man-day workers should be given preference by the board in case of appointments and a hike of 100% instead of 85% of the hike admissible for the state employees,\" Chaturvedi said. A new committee has been formed to review salary disparity related complaints and furnish a report to the board management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17151630", "title": "Khadi job expo from tomorrow", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka State Khadi and Rural Employment Board, in association with Industries and Commerce Department, is organizing a 15-day state-level Khadi and Rural Employment expo from November 10.The expo will be inaugurated by district in-charge minister S A Ramdas at Sahakar Bhavan. Small scale industries minister Narasimha Nayak will inaugurate the Khadi stalls and Karnataka State Khadi and Rural Employment Board president Shakragowda Haravi will unveil Mahatma Gandhi's photograph.Leader of opposition Siddharamaiah, Mayor M C Rajeshwari, zilla panchayat president Ka Pu Siddhaveerappa, MP H Vishwanath, MLAs Tanvir Seth, M Satyanarayana, H S Shankarlingegowda, MUDA president L Nagendra, taluk panchayat president Nethravati, deputy commissioner P S Vastrad, ZP CEO Ajay Nagbhushan and others will be present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17151909", "title": "While CR slept, commuter saved the day", "text": "MUMBAI: It was a commuter who alerted the BMC about the disaster that visited Central Railway (CR) on Wednesday evening. Only when his call came\u00e2\u20ac\u201da few minutes after 6pm\u00e2\u20ac\u201ddid the municipality learn that half an hour before, services on both of CR's lines had stopped.Mahesh Narvekar, the chief officer of BMC's disaster management cell, said that had the civic body been infor med immediately about the disruption, it would have ensured that people stopped going to CST, thus preventing crowding at the station.But the railways said on Thursday that an incident like a pantograph fault did not amount to a disaster and so it did not deem it important to inform the BMC.CR's chief public relations officer V A Malegaonkar said, \"Disaster in the context of the railways is a serious train accident caused by human/equipment failure. It includes severe disruption that may affect normal movement of train services, with loss of life or grievous injury to passengers.\"He said services were restored within an hour of the pantograph incident. \"Moreover, services kept running between Dadar and Karjat/Kasara, and Vadala and Panvel/Andheri during the affected period. Also, no long-distance trains were cancelled or delayed because of the incident.\"Commuters responded to what they called the railways' callousness angrily. Kalyan resident Anjali Joshi, who is generally home by 7.30pm but on Wednesday reached at 10.30pm, said, \"After a long day at work, I need to travel 90 minutes by train to reach my destination, fetch my children from the creche, help them with their studies, cook the evening meal and get things ready for the next day so that I am not late for work.\"During a crisis, unless I am informed on phone and on time, how am I supposed to act?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150821", "title": "IPS Sanjiv Bhatt charged with murder", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After more than a decade-long deferment and quashing proceedings, a sessions court in Jamnagar district on Thursday framed charges of murder and custodial torture against suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt and six other policemen in the 1990 custodial death case.Additional sessions judge NT Solanki charged Bhatt and his six subordinates with murder, causing harm, intentional insult with intent to provoke breach and peace, criminal intimidation and abetment. The sections invoked are 302, 323, 504, 506(1), 114 and 34 of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC).Special prosecutor in this case, Bimal Chotai said that before the court was to frame charges the cops raised various objections and expressed intention to move higher courts. However, the judge dismissed their objections and read out charges against them.With this, a criminal trial will commence against Bhatt.Bhatt was posed as assistant superintendent of police (ASP) in Jamkhambhalia when communal violence erupted. He detained several persons and one of them Prabhudas Vaishnani succumbed due to renal failure after a few days. A private complaint was filed against Bhatt and six other policemen for custodial torture and murder.The magisterial court took cognizance of the offence, but the state government objected to the process saying that Bhatt was only discharging his duty and Vaishnani's death was not a custodial death. The magistrate rejected the government's application. This led the state government to file a revision application in a sessions court, which remained pending for more than a decade.It was when Bhatt implicated chief minister Narendra Modi in the 2002 riots case, the state government withdrew its protection last year. The session court permitted the government to withdraw its application objecting to Bhatt's prosecution. This paved way for framing of charges. This situation forced Bhatt and all six cops to question the state government's delayed decision before the high court as well as the Supreme Court. They also highlighted that the government adopted a contradictory stand to the one it had taken after the complaint was filed in this case. They contended that the government cannot be allowed to have dual stand on one issue before judiciary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153798", "title": "Meher Ramesh shower praises on Thaman", "text": "Director Meher Ramesh shower praises on music composer Thaman. Although the duo is working together for the film Shadow, Meher feels that the tunes composed by Thaman for the Ram Charan-starrer Nayak are excellent. The director could'nt stop raving about the film's tunes after getting a sneak peak.\"THAMAN's thumping music for NAYAK is a big asset.he rocked.with NAYAK,SHADOW,BADSHAH Thaman will set new standard in Telugu songs\" (sic), posted Meher, commending Thaman's work. Thaman is currently one of the busiest technicians in Tollywood as the music director is working on Siddharth-Nandini Reddy's film, Nagarjuna-Dasharath's film, Baadshah, Gauravam, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151815", "title": "This Diwali, some light up lives", "text": "CHENNAI: As firecrackers create a racket this Diwali, Malini Hari plans to step out of her house and look for stray animals scared out of their wits by the loud bangs and whistles. Like her, many in the city are planning to celebrate the festival of lights a little differently.\"I will take the animals to a quieter place as the fireworks will disturb them,\" says the student of Sir Sivasamy Kalalaya school, who also volunteers at animal welfare organisations. \"Diwali is spent with near and dear ones, and for me, animals are close to my heart.\"Another youngster who is opting for a green Diwali is Sharan Chandrasekhar, who will celebrate the day without bursting any crackers, much to the delight of his parents. \"I stopped bursting crackers two years ago after joining an NGO working for environmental causes. It's all diyas and candles now,\" says the Class 12 student.For many in the city, Diwali is a time to reinforce their humanness by connecting with the world around them. Along with volunteers like Chandrasekhar, Arun Krishnamurthy of Environmentalist Foundation of India will have a team meeting on Monday, on the eve of Diwali, to chart out their plans. \"We will plant saplings and on the day after the festival, we are planning to clean the streets where our volunteers live,\" says Krishnamurthy. TM Maistry Street in Besant Nagar, CP Ramaswamy lane in Alwarpet and Devanathan Street in Mandaveli are some of the areas that the group is planning to clean.Another set of people will visit orphanages and old age homes. \"People like donating money to homes and charities. But unless they visit the places, they won't know where their money is going,\" says S Thilak Raj of Seva Karangal, an NGO that is organising the visit on November 13. \"Also, children are happy when there are visitors, especially on a festival day,\" he says.DIWALI SPECIALS:Food, fun and family time are the focus of most Indian festivals but there are a few things that set Diwali apart. Here's a peek at what's different about the same celebrations this yearON THE MOVE:Clearing the Diwali rush is a huge task the government faces every year as thousands who work in the cities head home for the holiday. Railways announces special trains, transport corporations introduce extra buses, additional ticket booking counters are opened and private operators hire more coaches and double their prices.All seats get filled and people are left without tickets to get home. This year, tickets on all of Southern Railway's special trains were sold out in 10 minutes flat.LONG BREAK:No Monday morning blues for most office-goers this time as many offices have decided make a long weekend of it and declare the day before Diwali a holiday as well. And, some who aren't getting the day off are planning to skip work.ADDED BENEFITS:This really is the bonus of the season : From domestic help and factory labourers to IT professionals and government employees, every worker bee looks forward to the season's expected windfall . This year, most industries have paid the maximum bonus of 20%, and an ex-gratia above it. Government staff will be getting between 8.33% and 20%.TOO MUCH ON THE PLATE:Food is the highlight of any festival and during Diwali the spread only gets bigger. From sweets and snacks to traditional feasts, food is not only shared but also gifted. Even the prisoners get a special meal for Diwali, and this year's menu includes payasam.IT'S A DEAL:Everyone's out shopping and storekeepers say they make maximum sales this month. But the best time to get good deals is during the weeks following Diwali, when retailers do everything to bring shoppers back to the stores. Discounts touch 70% and deals reach the realm of the wacky with stores offering gold, electronic gadgets and even a chance to win holidays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151176", "title": "ISB on the list of institutes unapproved by AICTE", "text": "CHENNAI: A prized degree from some of the country's leading management schools may not have much value. The latest list of unapproved institutions put out by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) features some popular names second only to the IIMs or even considered on a par with them.The Indian School of Business (ISB) in Hyderabad and Great Lakes Institute of Management in Chennai have made a name for themselves within and outside the country, but are also on the AICTE's list of unapproved institutions. Others include the Indian Institute of Planning and Management, ICFAI, Amity Business School and ITM.The institutions do not seem unduly worried. \"ISB's one-year postgraduate programme does not fall under the ambit of AICTE's current regulatory mechanism for business schools and hence we have not sought approval,\" was ISB's official response to being in the unapproved list. Sriram Gopalakrishnan, director, marketing and communications at ISB, said, \"The students are fully aware of the credentials of the course, which is targeted at mid-career professionals. Student interest, the institute's reputation and how recruiters review our students' performance has not been affected.\"Strangely, Great Lakes Institute of Management (GLIM) finds place in both the approved and unapproved lists. Director of external relations and professor of marketing at GLIM T N Swaminathan believes that it is a different institution and said they would take it up with the council.Arks Srinivas, CEO of coaching centre Vista Mind, said institutions such as ISB did not want to get involved with AICTE norms as they were restrictive in terms of curriculum and infrastructure. \"Management curriculum is always changing, and AICTE does not have the wherewithal to keep changing it accordingly,\" Srinivas said.Does this mean that AICTE has no teeth? AICTE has said that unless the institutions apply for fresh approval and meet all the conditions, it will initiate penal civil and/or criminal action against the defaulting institutions, societies, trusts, companies or associated individuals.The council has identified 311 technical institutions offering management, hotel management and fashion technology courses without its approval. Maharashtra has the highest number of unapproved institutions at 126, followed by Delhi at 65, Andhra Pradesh 43 and Tamil Nadu 11.Update: An earlier version of the story inadvertently mentioned Indian Institute of Foreign Trade (IIFT) as one of the institutes on the AICTE list. The IIFT on the list actually refers to the International Institute of Fashion Technology, GK I, New Delhi. The error is regretted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149091", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Delhi look to bounce back against Odisha", "text": "NEW DELHI: It won't be an exaggeration to say that the Delhi contingent is shaken up by the defeat against Uttar Pradesh in their Ranji Trophy opener.The star players have left for national duty and chief coach Vijay Dahiya realises that the Group B fixture against Odisha, starting at the Ferozeshah Kotla from Friday, has become very important. An outright win is the only way to go for the home team.Free from all the hype surrounding the likes of Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Virat Kohli and Ishant Sharma, a vociferous Dahiya was at work with a relatively young team and a captain who hasn't been part of the team thus far - Shikhar Dhawan .\"We needed to be a star team against UP rather than a team which has stars in it. It's ultimately what you do on the playing field that matters,\" Dahiya said.On reputation, the Natraj Behara-led Odisha team - coming here with one point from a washed-out game against Tamil Nadu - shouldn't be a big thorn in Delhi's way.Coach Debashish Mohanty tried to put things in perspective: \"UP must have done little things right to beat such a strong Delhi team. We look to do the basics right.\"If the visitors are looking for some more inspiration, they should not look beyond their captain, who led East Zone to two Duleep Trophy titles in the space of 10 months.As for Dahiya, keeping up Delhi's morale is a tough task.\"This is the core of the Delhi Ranji team and this is what we have to work with. Many would talk about registering an outright win but it's important to play disciplined cricket first.\"Even if Odisha don't know how to win, they might know how to survive,\" Dahiya said while adding that the Kotla track promises good cricket.While the batting line-up wears an inexperienced look with Rajat Bhatia still recovering from his knee injury, the team will bank on the in-form Dhawan to lead the charge with senior pro Mithun Manhas and U-19 World Cup winning skipper Unmukt Chand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17149703", "title": "Rescued jungle cat kittens mistaken for leopard cubs", "text": "BHOPAL: IFS officers swear that they have come in possession of six 'leopard cubs' - one from Tanda (Dhar) and five from the wild animal's habitat in Dewas district. They are unable to conceal their excitement over the rich recovery, and taking pains to brief media about 'leopard litters and their activities'. The forest field staffers have not stopped at that. They have launched a hunt in Dewas forest for leopardess. And some of them, fearing that the leopardess is a victim man-animal conflict-have tracked pugmarks, which the researchers maintain, are of dogsBut the subject experts do not share senior forest officers' hurrah moment. Going by their assertion over the 'rich find', the newborn 'cubs' are jungle cat kittens ( felis chaus). Dr Shomita Mukherjee, a research scholar, who has done an extensive research on wild small cats, said a closer look at a picture of 'cubs' leaves no one in doubt that it is the species of jungle cat. The subject experts also expressed their unhappiness over forced shifting of jungle cats to Indore's Kamla Nehru zoo from the natural habitat. Her answer was in response to an email sent by Vibhav Chaturvedi, a senior project officer of WWF (Worldwide fund for nature) for confirmation of species. \"They are 100% kittens of jungle cat\" says Dr Shomita Mukherjee.Dr Mukherjee, who has completed her PhD on the ecology and conservation of small cats, is currently pursuing post-doctoral research on the same subject at the National Centre for Biological Sciences, Bangalore.Incidentally, zoo authorities also share the forest officers' enthusiasm. Even in the past, they had put two emus in enclosure with a board displaying that the two captured animals were ostrich. This time also, they continue to believe that all six are leopard cubs.Dr Mukherjee said many jungle cats are lost because locals are ignorant about the great role they play in the ecosystem and help us in saving crop by feeding on rodents found in fields. Villagers often pick kittens thinking that the young ones are domesticated breed, which is real sad, she adds.\"What if villagers' children are taken from their homes when they working in the fields, she asks citing if people do not care about its conservation they should at least realize the trauma and stress it causes to the mother cat.WWF's Vaibhav says, \"The kittens should have been left at the same place so that they could have reunited with the mother instead of shifting them. Predators like jungle cats are important as they control the rodent population in agriculture field. Wildlife activists say they will launch an awareness drive to explain villagers that jungle cats actually benefit them by eating rodents.Wild catWith long legs, a short tail, a broad nose, and enormous ears ending in little tufts of hair, the jungle cat looks like another member of the species \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the caracal. It can be often found close to human habitation, hunting in crop fields and plantations for small rodents. They breed mainly during winter and this coincides with harvest. Although the species is protected under Indian law, the Wildlife Protection Society of India has reported the seizure of more than 3,000 jungle cat skin from poachers in the past decade, say experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17150034", "title": "Mayawati's dream project ready for 1090 helpline cell", "text": "LUCKNOW: The administrative block of Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan Sthal in Gomtinagar, one of former chief minister Mayawati's dream project, is ready to welcome the '1090' women helpline cell. All the necessary infrastructure for the call centre-like control room have been put in place and the service is now waiting for a formal inauguration by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Bhaiyya Dooj day on November 15.On Wednesday, a fleet of specially trained woman cops completed their orientation programme. According to sources, the state government has settled for a blue and grey dress code them. Attired in sky blue shirts, dark grey trousers and navy blue blazer with the centre's monogram, the selected personnel have also been trained to answer calls in English.The three rooms in the building were ready on Thursday with the completion of laying of phone lines and office furniture being put in place. A squad of 20 cops, men and women in equal numbers, are likely to take part in a trial run of the call centre in their uniform on November 10, DIG (range) and the nodal officer for the project, Navniet Sekera, said.Though he feigned ignorance about the selection of uniform, sources confirmed that sky blue shirt, dark grey trousers and navy blue blazer had been selected. In the first phase, 12 women cops would be deployed on telephone duty for a six-hour shift. The cell would be further expanded after the staff get familiar with the hi-tech IVRS-based operations. A budgetary provision for the running of the centre has already been approved by the home department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149400", "title": "'Citizens tense as criminals operating freely in Mumbai'", "text": "MUMBAI: Notwithstanding the steady decline in extortion cases and gangland activities, there's been a sudden spurt in serious crimes in the city. Between January 1 and November 4, 14 senior citizens were murdered and nine on-duty police constables were attacked. The city also witnessed over half-a-dozen big robberies as well as several chain-snatching and vehicle-theft cases. On November 5, a 27-year-old Spanish woman was raped in her Bandra flat by a repeat offender. A day later, there was a chemical attack on a 25-year-old woman in Dadar.Ex-Mumbai police commissioner M N Singh attributed the deteriorating law and order situation in the city to the lack of a systematic approach. \"Though there's been a steady decline in extortion cases and gangland activities, the city is witnessing a spurt in serious crimes. It appears that criminals are operating freely. There is a sense of insecurity and anxiety among citizens,\" Singh said. Experts said that lack of policing at the grassroots level, near absence of sustained surveillance of hardened criminals who are out on bail and preventive round-up of repeat offenders have only made things worse.\"Things didn't become this bad overnight but over a prolonged period of time. We need to redraft our plan and overhaul our strategy. Our crime branch is doing an excellent job; it has cracked some of the most sensitive cases and that too in a record period. But we will have to launch a massive drive to restore the people's confidence,\" Singh said.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said that some recent serious crimes have left the entire Mumbai police disturbed, but the overall law and order situation in the city is under control. \"We have successfully curbed extortion cases. Mumbai has not witnessed a single case of gang war in the recent past. In such circumstances, it will be wrong to say that Mumbai is not safe. It was a safe city and it will continue to be a safe city,\" Roy said. \"It's a fact that the city has been witnessing cases of rape, chain snatching, theft of vehicles and murders of senior citizens, but the crime branch has successfully cracked most of the cases.\"Pointing out that the cops solved all the 18 senior citizen murder cases reported last year, Roy said, \"This year, 14 cases have been reported so far. Of these, the crime branch has cracked 13. In all the cases, persons known to the victims were involved. We are taking all measures to curb attacks on senior citizens.'' Roy admitted that the Bandra rape case has had an adverse impact on the image of the Mumbai police. \"It was an unfortunate case. The accused, a repeat offender, was out on bail. We do keep track of criminals released on bail,\" he said.A former DGP said the police should form a special cell to keep tabs on criminals released on bail. \"All rape and hit-and-run cases should be referred to fast-track courts. Repeat offenders should be externed and the special cell should keep tabs on them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17152187", "title": "Gopichand mum on Prajakta issue", "text": "MUMBAI: Besides playing hero to thousands of young sports enthusiasts, national badminton coach and former All-England champion Pullela Gopichand is well-known for his principles.He is perhaps the first sportsperson to have said no to endorsing a cola product.So when he was accused of mental harassment by Mumbai-based shuttler Prajakta Sawant , it came as both a shock and surprise for many.Gopi, who was in the city on Thursday as brand ambassador for Mumbai Games, a 'community sporting mela' that aims to foster a sporting culture among Mumbaikars, was obviously the most sought-after among the handful of celebrities at the event's launch.\"At this point, I really would not like to comment on the matter,\" Gopi said, when asked for his reaction.\"Basically, the SAI ( Sports Authority of India) and BAI ( Badminton Association of India) are aware of what has happened. I have told them whatever I had to say. Now they will take a call. I can't say anything more. Whatever needs to be done at the right time, we will do it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17151670", "title": "Hu Jintao outlines hurdles before China's progress", "text": "BEIJING: After 10 years at the helm presiding over China's expanding economy , the country's supreme leader Hu Jintao , during his 100-minute speech at the party congress at the Great Hall of the People, linked increasing corruption to social unrest, asking top party officials to supervise their own family and staff following reports of graft charges against them.In his last big address as the Communist Party boss, President Hu, 69, spoke about the need of reforms on all aspects concerning Chinese life: from social to political, and from economic to environmental. He emphasized on the need to maintain harmony and balance by guarding against unrest and managing social contradictions.\"Social contradictions have clearly increased... There are many problems concerning the public's immediate interest in education, employment, health care, housing, public security and law enforcement,\" Hu said. While the solution was to open up to reforms, he said, \"We will never copy a western political system. We should give full play to the strength of socialist political system and draw on the political achievements of other societies.\"Hu also used a novel term when he vowed that the Communist Party will never follow the \"wicked way\" of changing course. His speech was broadcast live and apart from social issues, Hu gloated about the success of the party's economic policy of \"reform and opening up\". But economic success has left in its wake a series of corruption scandals as well. Addressing party colleagues on corruption, Hu said, \"Exercise strict self-discipline and strengthen education and supervision over families and staff... Leading officials at all levels must readily observe the code of conduct on clean governance and report all important matters.\"Hu mentioned corruption 16 times during his 46-page speech and stressed on party discipline after scandals involving members of the powerful Politburo before the 2,270-strong National Congress. Bo Xilai , who is now awaiting criminal prosecution, was thrown out of the party early this month for being implicated in the murder of British businessman. His wife, Gu Kailai, was given suspended death sentence in the same case.Then, a senior associate of Hu was sidelined after the aide's son crashed a Ferrari he could not possibly have afforded to own. Outgoing premier Wen Jiabao and his family, too, have been accused of amassing wealth by the New York Times.\"All those who violate party discipline and state laws, whoever they are and whatever power or official positions they have, must be brought to justice without mercy,\" Hu said pointedly.\"We must ensure that all are equal before discipline, that nobody has the privilege of not observing it and that no exception should be made in its enforcement,\" Hu said ahead of his retirement as the country's president and party general secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149214", "title": "Pro-VC, controller of examinations had opposed deferring of BE exams", "text": "NAGPUR: Murkier details are tumbling out of Nagpur University's decision to postpone engineering faculty exam for the sake of few students. Sources disclosed that this decision was strongly opposed by pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie and controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke citing its repercussions on the students. They had apprised of the NU administration that within rules it will not be possible even to defer it as it will adversely affect thousands of students.Accordingly, NU hadn't taken any decision on first day of Senate meeting on November 3 even after many members had strongly pleaded for it. It was only after VC Vilas Sapkal arrived on next day that the decision to postpone exams were taken under apparent pressure from engineering colleges, mostly owned by politicians and education barons. Even the Management Council meeting which was to be convened on Thursday, could not take place due to MTech admissions controversy. However, Yenkie refused to comment on anything. Registrar Ashok Gomase too refused to disclose anything only stating that date of Management Council meet was not yet announced.As reported by TOI, the exams of BTech, BArch and even MFD were unnecessarily postponed by over two months to legalize the admissions into MTech course made by these engineering colleges. Sources disclosed that NU took this step as lakhs of rupees in the form of fees collected by these colleges from the students was at stake. These colleges were believed to have obtained permission from AICTE in July. But taking the university for granted, they had illegally filled up all the seats by themselves without informing NU. Ironically, the admissions were granted and regular classes were held even as syllabus for courses like MTech (Computer Aided Design Manufacture and Automation) was cleared by the Academic Council only on Wednesday.Chancellor's nominee in Management Council Sanjay Khadakkar told TOI that he would first seek all the information on the MTech controversy and also on the exam postponing controversy. \"Only on merits, I will think over whether to apprise chancellor K Sankaranarayanan of this issue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17149339", "title": "CBI officer dies of leukemia", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha Governor M C Bhandare, chief minister Naveen Patnaik and senior police officers condoled the death of CBI officer Suresh Kumar Palsania (44), an Odisha cadre IPS officer, who died of leukemia at New Delhi on Wednesday night.Praising the 1996-batch IPS young police officer's integrity, Bhandare said he was an intelligent investigator. Palsania had served as SP in Sonepur, Jagatsinghpur, Berhampur, Mayurbhanj and Kendrapara districts in Odisha before he went on central deputation in 2006. \"The Odisha cadre lost a young and bright officer,\" Bhandare said. A condolence meeting was held at Raj Bhavan on Thursday where Palsania was posted as ADC o the then Governor M M Rajendran. IPS Officers Association mourned Palsania's demise and paid him homage at a condolence meeting at Bhubaneswar. CM Naveen Patnaik and DGP Prakash Mishra among other senior officers were present at the meeting. \"The young and energetic officer's death has caused irreparable loss to the IPS fraternity,\" association secretary (Odisha branch) Satyajit Mohanty said.Recipient of this year's Police Medal for meritorious service, Palsania had joined CBI in 2006 and served in the Policy Division and Anti-Corruption Branch here where he handled major corruption cases like 2G and CWG, among others. Palsania filed chargesheet in the 2G case booking the then telecom minister A Raja and DMK leader Kanimozhi, besides a number of top honchos of telecom companies. Palsania was also in the two-member team that went to London to probe Suresh Kalmadi's role in the Queen's Baton Relay controversy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17149501", "title": "Engineering college out of cricket tournament", "text": "SINDRI: Hosts BIT Sindri were knocked out of the inter-college cricket tournament of Vinoba Bhave University, Hazaribag after facing a crushing defeat at the hands of Giridih College, Giridih team in the very inaugural match of the tournament on Thursday. Ujjwal Kumar of Giridh College who took 3wickets by giving just 22 runs and remained not out with 8 runs was declared the man of the match.Giridih College won toss and decided to bat first. After losing the wicket of Ranjeet in the very first over, Karamveer Pandey and Amarnath Pandey took charge and gaqve their team a firm standing by making 41 and 24 runs respectively.The team succeeded in making a total score of 145 for 8 wickets in prescribed 25 overs with the help of Prem Chourasia (15runs), Raj Kumar Raj and Awani Singh (12 runs each).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17150519", "title": "'Crimes against women on the rise'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh has achieved another dubious distinction in crime against women. Addressing the gathering at a workshop on women-related issues at Jubilee Hall here on Thursday, director-general of police (DGP) V Dinesh Reddy said that going by the number of cases registered by the police, the state stood in the second position in crimes against women in the country.He said dowry and molestation-related offences were on the increase. The DGP said that the police were encouraging women victims of cyber crime to freely come forward and lodge complaints. \"We assure women that their identity will be kept confidential and severe action will be taken against the offenders. Objectionable content on websites is being removed,\" he added.In view of high number of cyber crime cases, police are planning to open a new cyber forensic facility at Visakhapatnam soon. The DGP appealed to home minister Sabita Indra Reddy to pursue with the Union government the proposal for amendment of section 509 (Insult to the modesty of a woman) of the IPC. Keeping in view the acid attacks on women, a proposal has been sent to the Centre to make offences committed under section 509 IPC non-bailable and punishable with three years of imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17148839", "title": "Fishing vessels have no documents", "text": "PANAJI: In a glaring disobedience of rules and safety regulations, a number of Goan fishing vessels were found to be operating sans any identification documents or safety equipment.A number of checks conducted by security personnel patrolling the seas during the Sagar Kavach exercise revealed that fishing boat crews did not have even a single document. Furthermore, the boats were not carrying a single lifejacket, lifebuoy or other lifesaving gear.This was witnessed firsthand by a TOI team aboard a patrol vessel which intercepted five fishing boats off the Goa coast on Thursday. When questioned by security personnel, the fishermen said \"we know to swim\" and hence did not carry the gear.The violations come despite orders from the state district collectors in August this year mandating that lifejackets be carried on every fishing boat and barring any fishing vessel from leaving fishing jetties without the lifesaving gear.\"When fishermen do not carry identification documents, how will know if they are legitimate Indian citizens,\" question a marine security official. He said the security agencies had given the fishermen some leeway by allowing them to carry any identification document from a number of options, but even this was not being done.Fishermen are required to carry a vessel registration certificate, crew identification card, customs pass, lifejackets, GPS units and a transmitter to receive storm warnings, but none of the items are usually carried.The official said that this lax attitude from the fishermen was continuing despite the security agencies writing to the fisheries department and coastal police. \"The fishing boat owners are to blame for this since they neither provide their boat crew with the lifesaving equipment nor ensure they carry identification documents,\" said the official.\"The onus on ensuring rules are followed should be placed on the boat owners and they should be penalised for violations rather than the poor fishermen crew. If fishing boat owners are made accountable, everything will fall in place,\" the official added.However, Simon Pereira, former president of Goa Fishing Boat Owners Association said \"we have been telling boat owners to carry life jackets. Around 70% are doing so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153794", "title": "Yaami Gautam to the rescue", "text": "Recently on her trip to Kolkata , actress Yaami Gautam came to a fan's rescue ensuring that she stayed with him until he was properly tended to. While several fans mobbed the actress on her trip to the city for an event, a youngster suffocated and collapsed amidst the crowd also sustaining some injuries.Reveals a source \"Yaami was performing at an event when the crowds started mobbing her as she got off the stage....several bouquets were being flung onto the stage and in between that chaos a fan got injured and was suffocating with the pushing crowds.Yaami spotted him and got the crowds to clear ,she even called for the doctor and waited till the boy felt better\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17151468", "title": "MLC opposes release of water from Nashik dam", "text": "NASHIK: The NCP MLC from Nashik Jayant Jadhav has opposed the move to release water from Nashik dams to Jayakwadi dam for Marathwada region and has called for a consensus on the issue.Claiming that there was a bulk of dead stock water in Jayakwadi Dam, more than enough to quench the thirst of people dependent on the dam, Jadhav said that the decision of water sharing must be taken only after consulting leaders and members of all the political parties. In a letter to CM Prithviraj Chavan and water resources minister Sunil Tatkare, Jadhav pointed out that Nashik's guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal was abroad and that hasty decision may lead to law and order problem.Fearing that some ministers and political leaders were trying to decide upon releasing water from the various dams (including Nashik) for the people downstream, Jadhav cautioned that the matter of water released for Jayakwadi Dam was sub-judice and any decision could be contempt of court.\"The demand for releasing water was picking momentum and there were some moves to decide the water sharing formula. Bhujbal's views as well as those of political parties' leaders should be considered before deciding,\" Jadhav said.The MLC also noted that total capacity of Jayakwadi Dam was 76,669 mcft and the dead stock was 26,062 mcft - including silt. \"Considering the silt and dead stock, water can be drawn towards the existing jackwells to ensure it is supplied for drinking purpose,\" Jadhav said. Water must be carefully utilized, the MLC said, adding that leaders should help farmers' survival. Jadhav warned against pulling more water to grow sugarcane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149827", "title": "Rogue flyer borrowed money for flight ticket", "text": "MUMBAI: It was almost twelve hours after he left his residence that 27-year-old Mursalim Shaikh's family learnt that he had borrowed money from his friends, travelled from their chawl at Ambika Nagar, Vikhroli, to the domestic airport and bought an air ticket. He boarded a flight to Delhi only to turn unruly and allegedly assault a cabin crew member, threaten passengers and land himself in trouble. Shaikh was on Thursday sent to jail for a day by a Delhi court.A man, who was arrested for allegedly creating a ruckus on board an IndiGo flight from Mumbai to Delhi, was today sent to jail for a day by a Delhi court which was told that he was \"mentally unstable\".On Tuesday evening, passengers of IndiGo's Mumbai-Delhi flight 6E 196 had a harrowing time as an hour into the flight, Shaikh, who was travelling alone without any baggage, turned aggressive, shouted threats and had to be physically restrained by male passengers. He was handed over to airport security on arrival at Delhi. It has emerged that Shaikh apparently suffers from bipolar disorder .\"I treated him between 2009 and 2011, during which time, he suffered two episodes of mania and I had to give him shock therapy,\" said Dr Sajid Ali Khan, a consultant psychiatrist, Kohinoor Hospital. \"Otherwise, he is a gem of a person, very down-to-earth. But when he suffers an episode of mania he turns violent, over-religious and picks up quarrels over trivial matters,\" Dr Khan added.Shaikh was treated at Royal Nursing Home in Kurla and was expected to be admitted for treatment on Wednesday. \"His mother called to inform me that the mania has recurred and he may need hospitalization,\" said Dr Khan.Rehana Shaikh, his 60-year-old mother, said, \"Since 2004, he has been suffering these episodes that occur at least once a year. His mania returned in the past four-five days. He would sit silent for hours and, at other times, would discourse non-stop on Quran and its teachings, and scold us for lacking in faith.\" But since he had his period of relative calm, the mother did not think twice when he left house on Tuesday morning.\"He said he was going to fetch a friend's car to go to the hospital. When he did not return for the afternoon namaz, I realized something was amiss and we started looking for him,\" she added. IIn keeping with his religious views, the Shaikhs do not have a television or radio. They learnt about his arrest around 11pm from the owner of the garage where he worked. \"He must have run away to Delhi to avoid treatment,\" she added.Mukim Mohammed Khan, owner of the garage where Shaikh met customers to whom he sold second-hand cars, said: \"He did not report to work for the last 10 days or so. Then early on Tuesday morning around 3.30am, I and his other friends got four missed calls from him. We knew his mania had recurred,\" said Khan. At 11.30pm on Tuesday, Khan received a phone call from the Delhi police informing him about the incident. \"I was shocked to hear what he had done and felt bad for him. They do not know he suffers from these episodes,\" he added. The family has sent two relatives to Delhi with medical documents. \"He has no police case against him. We have never fought even once in the six years that we have been married,\" said Asma Shaikh, his wife.Shaikh, who has studied only till standard fifth, has a four-year old son and an 18-month-old daughter. \"He had boarded domestic flights at least twice before,\" said his wife. He did not create any trouble then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17149796", "title": "Rooftop traveller suffers 90% burns", "text": "THANE: A first-year engineering diploma student who was travelling on the roof of a local train sustained serious burn injuries after he accidentally touched its pantograph at Ulhasnagar railway station on Thursday afternoon. The victim's friend, who was also travelling with him, escaped without helping him. The victim, Vaibhav Mehta, is a student of Jondhale Engineering College at Ambernath. His father runs a jewelry shop in Dombivli.The Ulhasnagar incident took place around 3pm, when Mehta was returning home with a friend after giving his first-year exams. Cops said the duo climbed the roof of a Badlapur-bound CST local at Ambernath railway station. Eyewitnesses told cops that Mehta's friend jumped off the train as soon as he saw the youngster in trouble. Commuters at the platform informed GRP personnel.GRP constable Dinkar Mane said, \"We asked the station master to discontinue supply to the electric line on that portion. We then brought the boy down and rushed him to Central Hospital in Ulhasnagar.\" Doctors said Mehta has sustained 90% burns. Cops contacted the victim's parents after going through his cellphone call details. His parents then took him to a Dombivli-based private hospital for further treatment. Cops are on the lookout for the boy's friend.The Kalyan GRP, which is probing the matter, suspect that the victim was a habitual rooftop traveler because the incident occurred at afternoon when trains are not overcrowded. The police are waiting for victim's recovery to records his statement and also searching for his friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17150752", "title": "11 lakh names deleted from voters' list?", "text": "BANGALORE: Srikanth Prasad, 54, a retired government servant, and his wife Sudha, 47, have been living in Banashankari II stage for the past four years. Last week, when a group of citizen activists conducted a voters' verification drive in his area, Prasad went to check the status of his electoral photo identity card. To his surprise, Srikanth found his and Sudha's names deleted. He has now applied afresh for the cards.This is the tale of over 11 lakh citizens in Bangalore, who are probably unaware of the deletion of their names in the voters' list, thanks to BBMP.Shantala Damle, a social activist who is aiming to contest from Basavanagudi in the upcoming assembly constituency polls, has already started working on the ground for voters' registration. \"It was a shock to me when I learnt that more than 75,000 names have been deleted. Over 30% of voters have their names deleted in the list,\" said Damle who is contesting from Loksatta Party.PG Bhat, a retired commander from Indian Navy, who has been studying the changes done year after year in the voters' roll, says that the deletion done by the civic agencies was nothing but erratic. \"Government has snatched the voting rights of 11 lakh people, over 20% of the total voters. This was done without conducting appropriate surveys. I have been living in Girinagar for the past 18 years. My name was present in the list till October 30, 2012. On November 5, it disappeared along with that of my wife and daughter,\" said Bhat.Ironically, since 2008, Bhat has been working on making the voters' list accessible to voters. The shocker was the deletion of his name along with lakhs of others. \"So far, no one has been pulled up by the government for deleting the names of genuine voters,\" said Bhat.When Bhat questioned the incharge officer in his area, he was asked to apply again. \"Many do not know that their names have been deleted,\" he added.BBMP has said that those voters whose names are not in the list can apply again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17150844", "title": "'Sedition charges belong to British era'", "text": "KOCHI: The change in political situation since the British rule should be considered while courts hear cases with charges of sedition, the Kerala high court observed on Thursday.Justice S S Satheesachandran's observation was made in the judgement that quashed sedition charges against 'Porattam' leader advocate V J Manuel for publishing a poster that called for boycotting elections to the legislative assembly last year.Along with other charges, Manuel was booked for sedition, under section 124A IPC, by the sub-inspector of Kozhikode Town police station. One cannot shut eyes to declared objectives of the government of the day orthe political changes which have taken place after 124A was included in the IPC. Very often the demarcating line between political criticism of the government and those causing disaffection against it is thin and waving, the court observed while allowing a petition by Manuel.How far in a democratic set up can publishing or preaching of protest or questioning the foundation of the form of government,be implied as causing disaffection towards the government, and thus committing sedition. This has to be examined within the letter and spirit of the Constitution and not as previously done under imperial rule. the court observed in the judgement.In 1982, the high court had held that shouting of slogans for a classless society and for socialism will not come under the mischief of section 124A. The Supreme Court also took a similar view in the Balwant Singh vs State of Punjab case in 1995 as well as in the Bilal Ahmed Kaloo vs State of Andhra Pradesh case in 1997, the judge pointed out.The court quashed the final report filed by police against Manuel and the committal proceedings at the judicial first class magistrate court - one of Kozhikode after finding that statutory sanction from the government was not obtained before the charge of sedition was included.Change in political situation since British rule should be considered while courts hear cases with charges of sedition, the Kerala High Court observed on Thursday.Justice SS Satheesachandran's observation was in the judgement that quashed sedition charges against 'Porattam' leader advocate VJ Manuel for publishing a poster that called for boycotting elections to the legislative assembly last year.Along with other charges, Manuel was booked for sedition, under section 124A of Indian Penal Code (IPC), by the sub inspector of Kozhikode Town police station.One cannot shut eyes to the changes in political changes which have taken place after 124A was included in IPC and the declared objectives of the government of the day. Very often the demarcating line between political criticism of the government and those causing disaffection against the government is thin and waving, the court observed while allowing a petition by Manual.How far in a democratic set up publishing or preaching of protest, even questioning the foundation of the form of government, could be implied as causing disaffection towards the government, and thus committing sedition, has to be examined within the letter and spirit of the Constitution and not as previously done under imperial rule, the court observed in the judgement.In 1982, the high court had held that shouting of slogans for a classless society and for socialism will not come under the mischief of section 124A. The Supreme Court also took a similar view in Balwant Singh vs State of Punjab case in 1995 as well as in Bilal Ahmed Kaloo vs State of Andhra Pradesh in 1997, the judge pointed out.The court quashed the final report filed by police against Manuel and the committal proceedings at the judicial first class magistrate court - 1 of Kozhikode after finding that statutory sanction from the government was not obtained before the charge of sedition was included.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17151470", "title": "Body of doctor killed in UAE brought home", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A pall of gloom descended over Kochulloor when the body of Dr Rajan Daniel (62), urologist, who was stabbed to death in a hospital in Abu Dhabi, was brought home on Thursday.It was on November 1 that Daniel, a consultant doctor at a private hospital located along Hamdan Street, was found dead in his consultation room with his throat slit after he was allegedly attacked by a patient.The Abu Dhabi police arrested a 46-year-old Pakistani Muhammed Abdul Jameel (45) and confiscated the weapon used to commit the crime. Jameel, reported to be a psyche, was under Daniel's observation for the past few weeks. Relatives and friends thronged Daniel's house when the body arrived. Though Daniel was working abroad for the past six months, he had a vast friends' circle in Thiruvananthapuram Medical College, where he completed his course and Mercy Hospital, Valakom, where he worked as a practitioner. Sources said over a Many doctors and hospital staff paid last respects to Daniel 'Rose Garden' by evening.Funerla will be held at the Salvation Army Church at Kowdiar at 9am on Friday. Daniel is survived by wife Geetha George and daughter Janu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17152028", "title": "Gurgaon police launch 24x7 helpline for women in distress", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have launched a helpline (1091) for women in distress. The calls on this number will be addressed by especially trained women police officer and it will be functional 24x7.The helpline is part of a statewide drive in Haryana to act swiftly in cases of crime against women. The director general of police (DGP), Haryana has ordered opening of such a helpline in every district. Haryana police are also planning to have special police stations for women where they cases related to crime against women can be handled exclusively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17153465", "title": "Infosys BPO trains 1,00,000 students", "text": "NEW DELHI: Infosys BPO has trained over one lakh students across India to enhance their level of employability in the ITeS industry through its flagship corporate social responsibility initiative Project Genesis.Project Genesis was launched in Karnataka by Infosys BPO in 2005.It is a industry-academia partnership initiative and aims to increase employability of students across Tier-I and Tier-II towns in the country, the company said in a statement.Infosys BPO Vice President and Head (Human Resources Development) Raghavendra K said, \"We have reached out to over 100,000 students from Tier-II and Tier-III towns in India and continue to strive towards reaching out to more\".The programme assists academicians to handle queries and apprehensions of students about a career in the BPO industry, he added.Under the programme, academicians from identified colleges are trained over a period of 10 days on the Global Skills Enhancement curriculum on the Infosys campus. The entire training program is sponsored by Infosys BPO, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17149364", "title": "'Maoist' letter found inside briefcase near Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An abandoned briefcase with a suspected pro-Maoist letter emblazoned on it sent Bhubaneswar police into a tizzy on Thursday evening. The briefcase was found hanging from a coconut tree at Nabatia village under Balipatna police.Till the filing of this report, it was not confirmed whether the contents of the letter, purportedly written by Maoists, are authentic. Bomb disposal squads rushed to the spot to scan the suitcase to check whether it contained any objectionable stuff. \"We suspect it is a prank. Still we are not taking it lightly,\" said a police officer. \"Our scientific team is verifying the content of the letter,\" he said.The letter written in English and bearing the emblem of red hammer and sickle, read, \"Leave the village within 72 hours, else face the consequence. Do not touch the briefcase. If you touch, it will burst.\"Panic gripped people of the area. \"It might have been a mischief. Still, we cannot rule out the possible ingression of Maoists into the locality, which is a little far from the city,\" Khetrabasi Pradhan, a villager told media persons.This was not the first time a pro-Maoist letter was found in the city. Last year, police had seized some 'fake' Maoist leaflets pasted on a wall near Jayadev Bhawan in the heart of Bhubaneswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17150259", "title": "TDP meet to choose Yerran's heir", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telugu Desam Party (TDP) at its politburo meeting slated for Saturday is likely to decide to field party senior leader Yearrannaidu's son Rammanohar Naidu or his brother Accham Naidu from Srikakulam parliamentary constituency in the next general elections. Yerrannaidu died in a road mishap in his native Srikakulam district last week.Yerrananaidu had represented the Srikakulam Lok Sabha constituency four times before he was defeated by Killi Krupa Rani of the Congress in 2009.Finding a replacement for him is significant for the TDP. Party sources said the party politburo would deliberate on asking Rammanohar Naidu, 27, who is studying in London, to fight the elections on the party ticket. The name of Accham Naidu, who is a former MLA, is also under consideration.\"Among other issues to be discussed in the politburo, finding a replacement for Yerrannaidu is the prominent one,\" said Revanth Reddy, a senior legislator of TDP. \"The party will dwell upon it seriously,\" he added.Among other issues listed for the meeting to be held at Parigi in Rangareddy district is the preparation for the local body polls and the assembly polls due in 2014. As the continuous exodus of members from the party remains to be a cause of concern, party chief N Chandrababu Naidu is expected to ask the leaders to come up with their suggestions to check the menace. So far, eleven MLAs have left the party lowering its strength from 92 to 81 in the Assembly.While the party is expected to play a pivotal role in the formation of a third front at the national level, the TDP will dwell upon the strategies to be adopted to unify non-Congress and non-BJP forces at the centre before the general elections.As part of the larger mobilisation, party's parliamentary leader Nama Nageswar Rao, had a series of meetings with national leaders including Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , JD(U) president Sharad Yadav, National Lok Dal leader Om Praaksh Chowtala, CPI general secreatary A B Bardhan and CPM general secretary Suravaram Sudhakar Reddy in Delhi recently.TDP sources said the politburo would deliberate on calling upon the third front leaders to put up a united fight against the government on the FDI issue in the winter session of Parliament scheduled to commence on November 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151813", "title": "Another Pratibha in trouble", "text": "CHENNAI: It is now the turn of MT Pratibha Warna, a sister vessel of the beached MT Pratibha Cauvery, to get mired in litigation.The Madras high court, which ordered the arrest of Pratibha Warna on October 25, has now issued notices to its Mumbai-based owners, Pratibha Shipping Company Limited, on two new petitions - one filed by its 24 crew members demanding salary and compensation amounting to more than 1.5 crore, and the other by a Japanese company which demanded 89 lakh towards spare parts supplied to several ships owned by the company.On October 25, Justice N Kirubakaran ordered the arrest of the ship on a suit filed by Navigator, a company which supplies items to ships, saying its bills amounting to 30 lakh were not paid. On Thursday, Justice Vinod Kumar Sharma issued notices to the company on a petition filed by captain Ajay Thiruvengadam and 23 crew members, who sought settlement of wages, compensation and repatriation arrears amounting to 1.54 crore.The crew said they had not been paid for more than five months. Sufficient quantities of diesel and water were also not being supplied, they said, adding that the essential materials, including food, water and medicine, would last for three days.In its suit, the Japan-based Ark Marine Service Inc said the company had been purchasing spares on 45-day credit, but the fleet owners neither paid nor responded to reminders. The Chennai Port Seafarers Welfare Association on Thursday supplied provisions for 29 sailors on board Warna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17149083", "title": "State empowers 96 tribal gram panchayats to recall panchayat representatives", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: State government has empowered 96 tribal dominant gram panchayats (GP) in three tehsils of Chandrapur with the right to recall their panchayat representative under Panchayat (extension to schedule areas) Act (PESA)-1996. Though the act came into effect from August this year, the Zilla Parishad authorities conducted a workshop with the heads of these GPs and detailed them about the powers they had been endowed under PESA on Thursday.\"The Gram Sabha is empowered with right to recall GP sarpanch and deputy sarpanch under PESA. It requires 10% or more voters in the village to apply with village secretary to use their franchise of right to recall. As per their submission, tehsildar summons a special Gram Sabha, in which people can call back their sarpanch and deputy sarpanch from their posts with 2/3 majority,\" said ZP CEO, Arun Shinde. The GP members can also be called back in similar manner by voters of the respective wards in scheduled areas, he added.Shinde informed that GPs having more than 50% tribal population are regarded as scheduled areas and PESA law is limited to these areas only. He claimed that PESA also endow powers and authority to make gram sabha function as institutions of local self governance, specifically on matters of enforcing prohibition of sale and consumption of intoxicant; ownership of minor forest produce; power to prevent alienation of land and restoration of unlawfully alienated land, management of village markets, control over money lending, etc in its jurisdiction.PESA also empowers gram sabha of the scheduled areas to approve plans, programmes for social and economic development , identify beneficiaries under poverty alleviation programmes, certify utilization of funds by Gram Panchayats, protect natural resources, including minor forest produce and be consulted prior to land acquisition, Shinde told.He further informed that 96 GPs endowed with PESA in district include 33 GPs from Rajura, 32 from Jiwti and 31 from Korpana tehsil. State government has also endowed scheduled areas in Nandurbar, Dhule, Thane, Nasik, Ahmednagar, Nanded, Yavatmal and Gadchiroli districts have also been endowed with powers of PESA, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17149995", "title": "Floods leave India-Bangladesh border more porous", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam-Bangladesh international border has become more porous after the recent floods that ravaged the state. Floodwaters washed away nearly 3 km of the border fence at various locations, throwing open section of the border to infiltrators from Bangladesh. BSF sources said these new gaps in the border would take quite some time to be plugged.According to government documents, 1.7 km of the border fence has been washed away at Binnachar by the Gangadhar river while the Brahmaputra has washed away a 0.85-km stretch of the fence at Gaspara. Both the sites are in Dhubri district.\"The reconstruction of these washed-away portions of the fence will not be possible immediately. There are formalities to be followed to get approval for the reconstruction. The Assam Public Works Department and the National Building Construction Company (NBCC) are responsible for construction and maintenance of the border,\" a source said.Some of these new gaps have developed in areas that were once land but were turned into riverine areas during the floods. Erecting the fence in these places will not be feasible till they become dry again.A BSF source said the only way to block any infiltration attempts through these gaps is to deploy BSF personnel at the spots. A government source said, \"It is a known fact that the unguarded riverine areas are more prone to infiltration.\"The total length of the international border with Bangladesh in Assam is 267.30km, of which 216.364km has been fenced so far. The length of the portion of the border where the fencing has not been completed is 8.574km; in the remaining 44.232km, fencing is not feasible as there are rivers flowing through these areas.The major portion of the gap not feasible for fencing, measuring 41.317km, is in Dhubri, of which 32.750km of the border runs along the Brahmpautra. Another 2km of non-feasible gap in the border lies in Karimganj district and 0.915km in Cachar district.The length of the international border in Dhubri is 125.073km, 104.867km in Karimganj and 37.360km in Cachar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149272", "title": "CAG Vinod Rai's comments rile Congress, Digvijay asks CAG to stop leaks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress versus CAG battle flared afresh with Digvijay Singh asking the federal auditor to fix repeated leaks from his office before flaying the government's decision-making.The Congress general secretary's remarks came a day after comptroller and auditor general Vinod Rai slammed the government, saying he found brazenness with which decisions were taken to be appalling.Rai's comments drew a sharp response from minister of state for information and broadcasting Manish Tewari on Wednesday, who said the time period referred to included the CAG's tenure in government as a senior bureaucrat.Tewari has previously repeatedly attacked the CAG when he was Congress spokesperson and as a member of the Joint Parliamentary Committee probing the 2G scam.Not one to duck a scrap if he has a choice, Digvijay Singh joined Tewari on Thursday, suggesting that leaks from the auditor's office were deliberate and intended to embarrass the government. The implied criticism that the auditor was acting in a less than fair manner is a widely held belief in the ruling party.Already discomfited by CAG's reports on 2G, Commonwealth Games and Coalgate, Congress was stung when Rai made the disparaging remarks before top Indian and foreign business leaders at the World Economic Forum meeting in Gurgaon.Perturbed over reports deeply critical of the government finding their way into the media before being tabled in Parliament, Congress found nothing remotely amusing about Rai's sweeping remarks.Rai also demanded that the Central Bureau of Investigation and the Central Vigilance Commission be made constitutional bodies so that they became truly independent from the government. He said the political class needed to take the risk and display courage to do so.After attacking the CAG for allegedly orchestrating press leaks, Digvijay Singh said Congress wanted to eradicate corruption and the demand for constitutional status to the proposed Lokpal showed the party's commitment.Congress's exasperation would only have increased with BJP quickly seizing on Rai's comments to claim vindication of the opposition's charges against the government. BJP spokesman Prakash Javadekar said, \"What CAG has said about making CBI and CVC independent is very important.\"With BJP seeking to ally with Rai's point of view, looking to ride on the auditor's public profile, Congress is clearly riled with the CAG.When TOI approached the auditor's office, Rai refused to comment on reactions of Congress leaders. But a senior official pointed out the demand for constitutional status to Lokpal was very much a Congress position articulated by Rahul Gandhi in a speech in Lok Sabha on August 26, 2011. Rahul had demanded constitutional status for the proposed anti-corruption body.\"We speak of a statutory Lokpal but our discussions cease at the point of its accountability to the people and the risk that it might itself become corrupt. Madam Speaker, why not elevate the debate and fortify the Lokpal by making it a constitutional body accountable to Parliament like the Election Commission?\" Gandhi had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17149561", "title": "Shibu's the final word: Hemant Soren", "text": "BOKARO: Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren has clearly stated that whatever call is taken by JMM chief Shibu Soren regarding 28-month power-sharing agreement will be final. Hemant said this a day after his father's visit here on Wednesday when he said the JMM was waiting for its turn to rule the state as per the 28-month power-sharing deal with its alliance partner, the BJP. He said the 28 month of BJP rule would end in December and now BJP should give them (JMM) a chance to head the government. He also threatened to topple the government if BJP refused to abide by the agreement.Hemant, who initially tried to evade talking to the media on the issue, later told reporters at his Sector-V residence here that \"Guruji\" was the party chief and any comment made by him on the matter must be considered as the final word of the party. He refrained from disclosing anything about the 28 month power-sharing formula between the BJP and JMM. He, however, said the JMM leaders would hold a meeting in this regard to decide on the future course of action.\"There is no instability in state. It is media which has created a hype on this issue. I don't know what Baba (Shibu Soren) has told the media as I have not met him for past 10 days. I am not in a position to say anything on whether the JMM will form a government,\" he said.Hemant, who arrived in Bokaro on an official visit, reviewed the Chas Water Project with Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar and officials of other departments. He directed officials concerned to complete the Chas water project by March, 2013 so that water crisis faced by more than one lakh residents would be solved before the next summer.The officials informed him that the project was in final stage of completion and in the first phase water supply in Solgadih would begin by December while water will reach the remaining areas by March next year.Soren also held a meeting with officials of commercial tax department (Bokaro circle) and asked them to increase the revenue collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17149367", "title": "HC orders transfer of Noida Authority brass and CBI probe into land allotments", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Thursday ordered the Central Bureau of Investigation to probe all land allotments in Noida since 2001. The court also directed the UP government to immediately transfer senior IAS officers, Noida Development Authority chairman Rakesh Bahadur and chief executive officer Sanjeev Saran, and a probe into the manner in which the two were appointed. They should not be posted in western UP,a the court order said, warning they could interfere with the evidence or create hurdles.A bench of acting Chief Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel also directed the state government to complete the departmental and criminal proceedings already under way against the two officers. This order came on a PIL filed by Madhav Samaj Nirman Samiti and also on an intervention application moved by a lawyer, Renu Singh.Petitioner Madhav Samaj had challenged the postings after the Samajwadi Party came to power, stating that the officers had been chargesheeted and a departmental inquiry against their conduct was under way.If they were permitted to continue in Noida in their respective posts, they would not only tamper with but also conceal all the evidence,a the PIL had contended. Lawyer Renu Singh had also alleged that land worth Rs 1,600 crore was swindled in Noida and Greater Noida by the officers of both the authorities since 2001.It was also alleged that the land in Noida was allotted to builders and hoteliers at throwaway prices ignoring all settled norms. Both IAS officers were posted to Noida between 2005 and 2007.The state government, through its advocate general, opposed the PIL on grounds of maintainability and thereafter on merits and said that there was no need for any kind of probe or inquiry into the matter.The bench directed the CBI to finish the probe in six months and in case the deadline was not met, asked the agency to apply for extension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150722", "title": "Punjab: Cabinet nod for special scheme for girl child", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab cabinet on Thursday approved the summoning of the 3rd session of 14th Vidhan Sabha from December 17 to 21. The session would commence with obituary references. Financial business if any, would be taken up on December 18 and legislative business on December 19. Non-official business would be conducted on December 20 and the house would be adjourned sine die after the proposed legislative business on December 21. There would be six sittings during these five days and double sitting would be held on December 19.In order to check the menace of female foeticide and impart quality education to girls, besides extending financial assistance to poor families in bringing up the girl child, the cabinet gave a nod for the work plan for the year 2012-13 to implement the proposed \"Bebe Nanki Ladli Beti Kalyan Scheme\".The scheme which was a part of \"measures to improve sex ratio\" under the 13th finance commission would benefit the families having an annual income below Rs 30,000 per annum or those covered under the atta-dal scheme of the state government. The scheme would be applicable to the girl child born in the state after January 1, 2011. Besides, the scheme would be applicable to all orphan girls found in the state after January 1, 2011. Under the scheme, Rs 51.75 crore would be spent in the year 2012-13 to deposit Rs 20,000 each in Life Insurance Corporation for 25,875 beneficiaries.The cabinet also approved the policy guidelines and building norms for regularization of old as well as new marriage palaces in the state. The regularization of existing marriage places would be permissible up to December 31, 2012 on payment of rationalized charges. The policy has regulated the procedure and the entire state has been divided into seven zones for levying the Change of Land Use (CLU).The cabinet also decided to hold the Council of Ministers' meeting regularly on second and fourth Thursday every month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150636", "title": "Why can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t cameras police cops: High Court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court on Thursday asked the state government to explain why cameras can't be installed in police stations across the state.Acting on a PIL by Prakash Kapadia, the bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala asked the government to submit an affidavit in 15 days with regard to installing cameras in police stations for transparency and better functioning.Kapadia has sought directions to authorities to install cameras in police station so they are used, at least during investigation and interrogation, to curb custodial torture.The petitioner cited a TOI article, which reported that a city crime branch inspector, Paresh Solanki, had beaten up businessmen in August at the crime branch police station. Kapadia filed this PIL through his NGO, Jagega Gujarat, and sought direction to authorities to restrain cops from using torture during questioning.The petitioner's counsel contended that many times cops convert civil disputes into criminal complaints, and in the case of beating up the businessmen the cop had acted as an extortionist. He further submitted that the city had witnessed 11 custodial deaths recently.The lawyer argued that installation of wifi cameras and recording custodial interrogation and investigations in police stations and lock ups could be a good preventive measure. This move could control misbehaviour by police officials, which is often alleged.The petitioner submitted that Rajkot police had recently installed cameras in all police stations for transparency and better administration. The PIL demanded that the Rajkot model be emulated in Ahmedabad too.The bench asked the government that if cameras are used in Rajkot, why the model cannot be replicated in other cities and towns. The issue will be heard further after the Diwali vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17149179", "title": "P2Air India's Pune-Chennai flight connects Muscat, Singapore", "text": "PUNE: Air travelers from the city now have an additional option of taking onward connecting flights to Muscat, Dubai and Singapore from Chennai. National carrier Air India (AI) has launched a Pune-Chennai direct flight service that will operate at timings suitable to these connecting flights.The flight AI 521 arrives from Chennai at 11.30am and departs as flight AI 522 from Pune at 12.15 pm and lands in Chennai at 2 pm. It will operate on all days except Saturdays. The AI is operating an all economy Airbus A-320 aircraft for this service with a capacity of 168 economy class seats and 5 tonnes of cargo.On the domestic circuit, the newly introduced service will enable travelers to take AI's connecting flight to Thiruvananthapuram. \"This will cater to a vast section of the Malayalee community based in Pune and western Maharashtra,\" AI's station manager Dhairyasheel Vandekar told TOI on Thursday. The flight to Thiruvananthapuram takes off at 5.30 pm from Chennai, he added.\"The Pune-Chennai service, introduced from November 7, has been launched specifically to coincide with the festival and vacation season,\" Vandekar said and pointed out that people travelling from Pune and western Maharashtra to Chennai and other southern cities offer a significant business potential.From Chennai, the AI has three international flights__ AI 907 to Muscat at 7.45 pm; AI 346 to Singapore at 00.45 am and AI 905 to Dubai at 8 pm. \"This offers a convenient connection to international destinations,\" said Vandekar.Air India Express, which is an AI subsidiary, has already been operating a direct flight service from Pune to Dubai. This operates thrice a week on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays. However, there are no direct flights from Pune to Muscat or Singapore. People are required to travel to Mumbai for taking flights to these destinations.Along with Chennai, the AI is now connecting to five domestic destinations with two direct flight services to Delhi and one flight from Bangalore-Hyderabad-Pune to Goa, Vandekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150299", "title": "Keep kilos in check with low-calorie options this Diwali", "text": "PATNA: Come Diwali and the fragrance of sweets fills the air. Soon pretty boxes packed with 'laddoos', 'barfis' and the choicest delicacies would start piling up at homes. The festival of lights, after all, is incomplete without sweets. But the aftereffects of indulging can be disastrous, more so if you are on the heavier side. And if you are vulnerable to heart disease or have diabetes, you must exercise caution.But that doesn't mean abstaining from all sweets. Dieticians and doctors suggest that the craving for sweets can be assuaged with healthier, low-calorie alternatives like fruit yoghurts, dry fruits and dark chocolate. It will just take a little effort to ensure that you're buying and gifting the right kind of sweets. With an assortment of sweets spread out before them, even the most health conscious people end up gorging on sweets during Diwali.Kurji Holy Family Hospital's chief dietician Shaheena Afroz says people tend to binge during Diwali as they see a lot of sweets around them, and that stirs up their sensory faculties. \"Sweets made of concentrated calories such as 'khoya' should be avoided. People usually recommend sugar-free sweets for diabetics, but even that has side effects and hence diabetics should sate their sweet tooth only for a change,\" the dietician said and also suggested distributing sweets if too many boxes pile up at your home. After all it's Diwali time!\"You can choose healthier alternatives like coconut or 'shrikhand' sweets or prepare low calorie-low fat sweets from double toned milk at home. Sweets prepared with honey or jaggery are also a good option,\" said Afroz. For those who find it difficult to stop when it comes to sweets, she suggests, general exercise such as brisk walking, using stairs instead of elevators and cycling can reduce calories. Reduction in 100 calories from daily diet post-festive season would also help in balancing the sweet intake.\"Almost every year adulterated sweets flood Patna's markets to meet the huge demand. Artificial colours, which can be toxic, as well as adulterated milk and 'khoya' are widely used. Noted cardiac surgeon Dr Sanjiv Kumar suggests, \"Not only diabetic, obese or heart patients should exercise restraint while satiating their taste buds, people who have crossed 40 should also restrict sweet intake. We always suggest that sweets made from milk, which have more carbs and fat, should be avoided.\"Dr Kumar added, \"These days spurious sweets are available aplenty in the markets and the chemicals used in them are toxic that have direct effect on the heart. Making sweets at home from skimmed milk or coconuts is much safer. At least you can pick the ingredients yourself. Dry fruits in small quantity can also be taken.\"Diabetologist and heart specialist Dr P K Verma, said, \"We advise patients to avoid sweets or go for sugar-free delicacies. Dry fruits can also be consumed in a very small amount.\" He added, \"People should go low on saturated fats as they are very harmful\", and recommended Olive Oil as a safer option.Dr Verma said, \"Despite our suggestions, diabetics become less careful about their sugar intake, and those who are predisposed to diabetes show signs of high sugar level.\" But it's best if diabetics and people vulnerable to heart disease check their diet during Diwali. Their per day calorie intake should be 20-25 calories per kg of their body weight with a proportion of 60:20:20 between carbohydrates, proteins and fats, recommends Dr Verma. Artificial sweeteners can be used in moderation while preparing sweets for diabetics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17150211", "title": "Special trains for Diwali, Chhath", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To clear passenger rush during Diwali and Chhath, railways will ply two special trains. One special train will ply between Allahabad and Surat, while other train will run between Patna and Pune.Train numbers 9015/9016 will ply between Surat and Patna. It will leave Surat at 10:45pm and move via Udhna, Vyara, Nandubar, Jalgaon, Bhusawal, Khandwa, Itarsi, Pipariya, Narsinghpur, Jabalpur, Katni, Maihar, Satna, Maikpur, Dabhaura, Shankargarh and terminate at Allahabad at 4:30am. During the return journey, the train will depart from Allahabad at 5:45am and go through the above route and terminate at Surat at 5:55am.The train will depart from Surat every Friday and Monday from November 9 to December 14 and from Allahabad every Sunday and Wednesday from November 11 to December 16. It will have two AC-II tier, one AC-III tier, six sleeper, five general and two SLR coaches.Train numbers 1001/1002 will ply between Pune and Patna. It will depart from Pune at 10:45pm and move via Daund, Ahmednagar, Belapur, Kopargaon, Manmad, Jalgaon, Bhusawal, Khandwa, Itarsi, Jabalpur, Katni, Satna, Manikpur, Chheoki, Mughalsarai, Baksar, Ara and terminate at Patna. During the return journey, the train will depart from Patna at 12:20pm and after passing through the above route terminate at Pune at 4:05am.The train will run on November 9 and 16 from Pune end and on November 11 and 21 from Patna end. It will have one AC-II tier, two AC-II tier, 11 sleeper and three general coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149759", "title": "Stop harassing 2G scam probe officer: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reacting to a probe initiated by the UP government against a senior Enforcement Directorate (ED) official investigating the 2G scam , the Supreme Court has expressed shock at the way the official was targeted at the \"behest of higher-ups\" in the state government.The apex court, which had on Wednesday stayed all proceedings against the officer, made the remarks after it went in detail through the petition filed by the official. It also issued a contempt notice against the UP government on the official's plea.A bench of justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan said ED deputy director Rajeshwar Singh, on whose plea contempt proceeding were initiated against Sahara Group chief Subrata Roy for allegedly interfering with the probe in the scam, needed to be protected.The bench said allegations were being made against Singh to \"prevent him from conducting the probe in the scam fearlessly\".\"He must be protected. He is acting as an officer of the court and we are monitoring the case. They are flouting our order by taking action against him. Hope that good sense prevails upon them,\" the bench said.A probe against Singh was initiated on the instructions of UP principal secretary (home) on allegations that the officer had amassed property beyond his means. Complaints against Singh were also filed in various ministries and a PIL is pending in the Allahabad High Court.Singh, in his petition, contended that the properties were not in his name and that all agencies including CBI, CVC and ED had held in their enquiries that the allegations were baseless.The court also stayed hearing on a PIL filed against Singh in the high court. \"In the meanwhile, proceeding on PIL before high court shall remain stayed. We also direct state government and all its officers not to proceed with any inquiry on the complaint dated September 15, 2012 or any similar complaint by any other person,\" the bench said.Having perused the petition, the court said, \"It shows that it was done on the instruction of someone at the top in the hierarchy. We won't be surprised if that happens to anyone of us also.\"It said the officer would not be able to probe the scam if he was targeted by filing petition and complaints against him.\"If this is allowed to happen, then no one will be able to investigate the case,\" the bench said. \"God has been very kind to Rajeshwar Singh. He is still alive and is surviving,\" it said.Taking into account Singh's complaint, the bench said the action taken by the state government was violative of its earlier order.\"Prima facie it indicates that administrative apparatus of the state is being used to influence the investigating officer,\" the bench said while noting that such attempts were being made so that the probe could not be carried out in a \"fearless\" manner.The court said the \"documents filed with the application show that constant efforts were being made to harass and browbeat\" Singh who on behalf of the ED was investigating various facets of the 2G spectrum scam.The court was hearing an application filed by Singh pleading that frivolous allegations were being levelled against him after he had sought action against the Sahara chief and two journalists of Sahara India News Network for trying to influence him in the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17150563", "title": "Migrant workers' kin await govt aid", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three years after her husband's death in Dubai , P Renuka, a 26-year-old resident of Karimnagar and mother of two is struggling to make ends meet. With a measly daily wage of Rs 100 per day, she and her two sons studying in class VI and IV at a government school are still waiting for local authorities to assess her economic status in order to make her eligible for an ex-gratia amount.Renuka is just one of the hundreds of women across the state who are languishing in extreme poverty following the deaths of their husbands while they were in West Asia for employment. \"We were told that some officials will visit us to check on our economic condition. But so far no one has come. Without help from the government it is very difficult for our family to get by as we don't even have any land or other assets which we can sell for income,\" she said.Officials of the Migrant Rights Council (MRC) say around 2,000 women in various districts of Andhra Pradesh are currently in need of financial aid from the government. They had filed a petition with the government for 21 such families from Karimnagar in September last year but they are yet to receive a response from the authorities.\"In September, we had written a letter to the chief minister and the district collector to provide financial assistance to them but there was no response,\" M Bheem Reddy, vice-president of MRCAP said.They later appealed to the AP high court in January 2012 and in August, the HC directed the district collector to undertake an inquiry to assess the economic status of the families and give a reply accordingly within three weeks. Despite HC's orders, the inquiries were taken up only last month and all the families too were not covered, Bheem Reddy said.However, things are not looking up for the families as one of them, Kolluri Rajaiah's kin, is yet to receive an ex-gratia of Rs 1 lakh which was announced in October 2011.The government had sanctioned a total of Rs 6 lakh as ex-gratia for the families of five other people along with Rajaiah, all from Karimnagar.\"My mother and I engage in manual labour and barely manage to get by with a combined wage of Rs 350 per day. My nine-year-old sister is currently studying in a government school but in these circumstances, I don't know if she will be able to complete her education,\" said K Parasharamulu, Rajaiah's son.MRC officials estimated that around 400 persons from AP die in the Gulf countries every year due to causes like heart attack to excessive work stress , suicides, worksite mishaps, road accidents, and murders.In February, they had reported that around 9,000 Indians were stuck in Oman , of which nearly 3,000 were from AP. They were living in pathetic conditions resulting in an increase in the suicide rate to an average of one or two daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17152136", "title": "Want to stay fit in old age? Start drinking lots of milk", "text": "LONDON: Children who regularly drink milk are physically fitter in old age, according to a new study which suggests that benefits of milk consumption early in life last through to later years.Researchers from Bristol University found that elderly people who consumed the highest amounts of milk and dairy foods in childhood were able to walk faster and were much less likely to suffer problems with balance.\"This is the first study to show positive associations of childhood milk intake with physical performance in old age,\" researchers said. The findings could be important because poor balance raises the risk of fractures in old age, the Daily Mail reported.Consumption of milk, cheese and other dairy produce has long been thought to help build strong bones by providing calcium in childhood. Researchers wanted to see if the benefits of milk consumption early in life lasted through to later years. The study published in journal Age and Ageing found milk-lovers had 5% faster walking times than those who drank little or no milk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150513", "title": "Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case: Lengthy planning, but no Mumbai trip for accused", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Glitter of Diwali will not dim for the accused cops of Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case. Late on Thursday night the Sabarmati Central Jail authorities decided against sending the fake encounter accused to Mumbai for the hearing scheduled for Friday.Superintendent of the Sabarmati jail, RJ Parghi said: \"The escort party reached quite late to the jail campus. Because administrative work necessary for handing over custody of the accused got delayed inordinately, we have decided not to release the accused. They shall not be able to attend the Mumbai court's hearing on Friday. We shall send the accused when the next summons is issued.\" According to jail officials, the escort party reached at 4 pm, which was too late to complete all formalities.The day had begun on a tense note for the accused as they awaited what then seemed as inevitable - to be taken to Mumbai for being tried in a court there. Most of the accused cops believe they will go to Mumbai on a one-way ticket with a much harder life in a Mumbai jail.A Sabarmati jail officer claimed he had intimated officials of the city police headquarter in Shahibaug to get ready escorts and security needed for the trip to Mumbai. Ahmedabad city police also sought to include 10 Chetak commandos in the escort party.Although the preparations began early, an inexplicable suspense hung over the operation till 4 pm when the escort party \"officially reached the jail campus\". During the next couple of hours the suspense only deepened. At 6 pm, Chetak commandos were asked to take a break for food. Later in the night the jail officials announced that the trip to Mumbai had been cancelled owing to administrative reasons.Convoy that never leftTo supervise the convoy deputy commissioner of police (city traffic) Dinesh Parmar was put in charge of the security. Parmar was to head the convoy till Mumbai. Crime branch's assistant commissioner of police K N Patel, police inspectors Rajendrasinh Sarvaiya and Kiran Chaudhary were appointed as escort officers. Two police inspectors from the headquarters, four police sub-inspectors and 20 armed guards were also part of the convoy that never left. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17142840", "title": "Cinema lull before Diwali storm", "text": "Before Diwali, cinemas are lying nearly vacant. But come Diwali and cinemas will earn a bomb, thanks to expected 100% occupancy and because many theatres also increase their ticket prices. But this year, it's a bigger bomb thanks to the timing - the extended Diwali weekend that will have most people enjoying a five-day party.Hall owners always look forward to festivals like Diwali and Eid to earn the maximum revenue. Where pre-Diwali hall occupancy is just 20-25%, exhibitors are expecting 80-100% occupancy on the day of Diwali and the weekend that follows it. And with two big movies of two superstars releasing, multiplexes and single screens are calling it a mega-week for box office collections.Occupancy- The math Rarely does it happen that a big-budget movie is released right before Diwali. Usually, this is the time for low-budget films. RK Mehrotra, general manager of Delite Cinema, explains, \"Pre-Diwali collections are low because people are busy buying gifts and preparing for Diwali. Also, it is always a week for the low-budget movies from which expectations are low.\" A spokesperson from Wave Cinemas agrees, \"The pre-Diwali week is always average in terms of collections, with 30-35% occupancy.\" \"A week before Diwali is always a lull. This time, it is 20-25% occupancy. Films like 1920 and Skyfall are not doing extremely well. Skyfall , despite being a Bond film, could not create hype among Hindi-belt audiences,\" says Vishal Anand, vice president, operations, Fun Cinemas.Diwali a cracker for Box Office There are a few festivals in which movies do exceptionally well, and Diwali is considered the best for business. Vishal Anand says, \"During Diwali week, we do business which is equivalent to the revenue collected in all of February and March. It is considered to be the strongest week in the 52 weeks of the year. This time, it is going to be huge because of Ajay Devgn and Shah Rukh Khan's films releasing simultaneously. Ajay Devgn's films have not gone wrong on Diwali.\" RK Mehrotra adds, \"The first day of advance bookings for both the movies saw 80% sales. We are expecting more than 80% occupancy in the first week. People will watch both the movies because they belong to different genres.\"Why tickets are costlier during Diwali Explaining the increase in ticket prices in many theatres, Anand says, \"Usually, the price of a film's ticket increases in two cases - if it is releasing on a big festival (Eid, Diwali or New Year), or if the movie has any of the three Khans (Aamir, Shah Rukh or Salman). The price of a regular ticket increases by up to 20%. If it is not a Khan film, cinema halls don't take the chance.\" But it is slightly different in Delhi. Here, every cinema hall has to get three to four price ranges approved by the Licensing Authority.They can't increase ticket prices every time there is a big release, only change the price as per their approved slots. They have one highest price (the blockbuster slot) and then two-three lower slots. This time too, those who increased prices for Ek Tha Tiger are not increasing them for Diwali. But in Mumbai or Punjab, a hall owner can increase ticket prices with any big release. Anand says, \"Delhi is not an open market. In Punjab or Mumbai, I can have different rates of tickets for different slots on the same day. So for Delhi, we apply the blockbuster price slot during Diwali, since the big budget films release in this period.\" Sometimes, a price increase is demanded by the distributor, says the Wave spokesperson.Mega week, no price rise However, some halls are not increasing prices this Diwali. Because it's falling in the middle of the week, the extended holiday period promises great revenue. \"There is no point in increasing the ticket price, since the profit will be good during this week. It is anyway going to be a week of maximum revenue collection because of the extended weekend. It will be an extraordinary week for us,\" says Mehrotra. The prices in DT Cinemas will not change either. Anant Verma, director and business head of DT Cinemas, says, \"We have different prices for weekdays (`270) and weekends (`300). This year, we already increased prices once during the release of Ek Tha Tiger . Not increasing price gives us loyal customers.\" According to Munish Sharma, GM, marketing at Satyam, ticket price increase is the call of the industry, and not an individual call. Says he, \"We are contemplating whether we should raise prices. It is an industry call; if your competition is increasing the price, obviously, you have to as well. If we don't get a chance to increase the price, we will apply weekend prices on weekdays.\"PVR won't raise prices either. Rahul Singh, senior VP, operations, PVR, says, \"We are not increasing ticket prices. We might make the weekend pricing come into effect because of the extended weekend this time. This Diwali, two blockbusters are releasing, so obviously the collections will be very good.\"Delhi's Diwali trend has changed Anant Verma says, \"In the last two years, a lot of families have started coming on the day of Diwali to watch movies. Earlier, it was only youngsters who were living alone and couldn't go home. Also, malls have now become a destination and keep organizing activities, engaging youngsters and families with offers being run by restaurants, that give people the option to remain out of their house the entire day. Our branches at Saket and Vasant Kunj see heavy footfalls on the day of Diwali, and the majority of customers are with their families.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149416", "title": "LPG cash subsidy only valid till March 13", "text": "MUMBAI: The state's decision to raise the cap on subsidized cooking gas cylinders to nine for those whose annual income is Rs 1 lakh or less will be applicable only till March next year.A day after the cabinet agreed in principle to raise the cap, officials said the decision was for the current fiscal only.A 1996-97 socio-economic survey, which is used by the public distribution system even today, will be the basis for the income limit. About 56% of 2.20 crore ration card holders in the state will be eligible for the additional subsidy, which will be provided in cash. State officials have pinned hopes on the Centre raising its cap to nine. The state won't pass on the subsidy in that case.Citizens with yellow ratio cards and Antodaya Anna Yojana cards (those included in below poverty line), and saffron cards (those included in above poverty line) are eligible for the additional subsidy. While they make up for 92% of all card holders, Bhagwan Sahai, principal secretary, food and civil supplies department, said only those with gas connections will be eligible for the additional subsidy.Even as the government is hampered by lack of detailed inventory on income profile of gas consumers, it has estimated (on the basis of census figures and an ongoing ration card digitization drive) that roughly 20% of BPL card holders (0.67 cr), and 80% of saffron card holders (1.37 cr) have gas connections.While a maximum cash subsidy for three additional cylinders will be provided, Sahai said that that it would depend on the annual gas consumption of a household.Consumption pattern in the last fiscal will be used as basis for old connections, whereas monthly consumption will be used as basis for connections issued before September this year. Ones issued after September will not be eligible for the additional subsidy. A study had earlier found that average gas consumption of an Indian household was seven cylinders.Citizens will have to fill up a form providing various details including their bank Account, Aadhar card or enrollment number and income details to avail the additional subsidy. Sahai said that specially designed forms will soon be circulated to rationing and tehsil offices.The list will enable the government to create an inventory of beneficiaries. The government is also hoping that those holding saffron cards but whose income has now crossed Rs 1 lakh opt out from availing the subsidy. The list will be displayed for public viewing. The entire exercise will take about two months, Sahai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17151406", "title": "Young scientists showcase their talents at school fair", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The models and experiments on display at the sub-district-level science, mathematics, social sciences, work experience and IT fair at the Model Boys' Higher Secondary here prove that the students are positive in their approach to science subjects.Most of the models on display are based on alternative methods to generate electricity. The 'water plastic power station' made by Ramya A S and Archa V L from Abraham Memorial Higher Secondary School, Thirumala, shows how power can be produced from plastic waste. \"The liquid hydrocarbons produced from plastic waste can generate energy. This is a commercially viable technology which can be adapted in the houses of Kerala,\" said Archa.Vishnu P S, an eighth standard student, has developed a working model of a train which runs on solar energy. \"We can store solar energy using solar panels during sunny days and can use it to run the train during rainy season. Solar energy can provide a clean and pollution-free environment,\" said Vishnu demonstrating the functioning of his projects to the curious visitors gathered around him.Veena A K and Lakshmi L S of the Cotton Hill Higher Secondary School, demonstrated 'hydroponics cultivation' technique where plants can be grown in water without soil. \"By using mineral nutrient solutions in water we can grow plants even on terraces. The plants will absorb essential nutrients from the water as ions,\" said Veena A K and Lakshmi LS, plus two students.An anti-theft system for bikes, radio and television signal transmission using solar energy, oil separation from sea and bio-fuel IC engine are some of the other projects that catch one's attention. About 1,500 school students from upper primary, high school, higher secondary and vocational higher secondary of Thiruvananthapuram sub-district are participating in the three-day fair, aiming at providing an opportunity for the children to keep a finger on the pulse of the latest developments in science.\"Various competitions are conducted as exhibitions and on the spot competitions to nurture the talents of students in diverse areas. Giving them platform to exhibit their creative faculty in such a young age would eventually benefit the whole society at large,\" said convener of the fair Saji Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150789", "title": "Life-savers tainted by unholy nexus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An internal audit taken up by EMRI 108 officials unearthed a nexus between the teams of emergency medical technicians (EMTs) and drivers with a number of doctors and corporate hospitals. The EMTs and drivers were paid by certain hospitals to take patients to them for treatment. EMRI officials have taken punitive action against 14 in connection with the case.Officials involved with 108 emergency services told TOI that they attend to more than 200 emergencies in Ahmebad every day. As a norm, patients are taken to government hospitals when cases are related to road accidents or trauma and to private hospitals when patients specify a preference due to reasons such as medical insurance.Hiren Bhatt, operational head, EMRI 108 Gujarat, said that they got a whiff of trouble when they started mass transfers of staff. While many employees protested the move, they could not specify the reason for their dissent. \"We then got the logs of specific locations and found that specific EMTs go to specific hospitals only, even if it means going out of the way. It strengthened our suspicion that something fishy was going on. We then took the EMTs and drivers in confidence and questioned them thoroughly and then they confessed that they were part of a nexus where they were paid to take the patients to specific hospitals,\" said Bhatt.EMRI officials said that the trend partly started due to the cut-throat competition between various hospitals in the city. A senior official told TOI that unlike village and town areas, cities like Ahmedabad have almost 50-50 ratio of government and private hospitals in total cases attended. \"As 108 is a major source of patients, the doctors and marketing agents of the private and corporate hospitals want to ensure that they get the lion's share. Thus, they started paying the EMTs and drivers for every visit,\" said the official.Our analysis showed that the areas where the trend was seen most prominently were Chandkheda, Sabarmati, Ghatlodia, Bodakdev, Vastrapur, Satellite, Vejalpur and Naroda, as these places have a large number of private hospitals. The most frequent cases referred to the hospitals were related to pregnancy, orthopedic cases and emergency cases where the recovery time is high,\" he said.EMRI officials said two personnel have been suspended and 12 have been transferred out of the district.How the system workedEMRI officials said that the EMTs and drivers were paid on a per case basis. The EMTs and drivers would get between Rs 300 to Rs 600 per visit. In a couple of cases, the officials found a percentage system where a share of the primary admission fees was given to the paramedics. Earlier, a similar system was busted in Dahod and Panchmahals area by the EMRI officials when they observed that 70% of cases were taken to the private hospitals in the area.\"When confronted, the doctors initially refused about the presence of any such system but when we told them the gravity of the situation, they cooperated and admitted that they were paying the 108 staff for bringing patients to them. Some doctors even said that they had to start doing so as others had started the practice and they did not want to lose out in the competition,\" said a senior official. Officials said that they will take stringent action that will include barring specific clinics and hospitals if they are found involved in such acts in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "17150097", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav's Janata Darshan has 6% redressal rate", "text": "FAIZABAD: In the six months of its working, the Akhilesh Yadav government has disposed only 917 complaints out of total 15,021 received by the chief minister's secretariat during the weekly Janata Darshan programme. That means the rate of redressal is a meagre 6%.According to information, provided by Yogendra Dutt Tripathi, under secretary of the CM's office under RTI Act, till September 30, the secretariat received 15,021 complaints out of which only 917 could be disposed till October 12. RTI activist Shiv Kumar Faizabadi who sought the information on August 9 under RTI from the CM's office, said that the chief minister's office took 65 days to furnish the information.After the formation of Samajwadi Party government in the state in the month of March the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav started his regular Janata Darshan from the month of April and each Janata Darshan had witnessed flood of people all over the state.Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav who has asked his officers to be sensitive while addressing the problems of people and should act on complaints received during Janata Darshan, in spite of CM's strict attitude towards complaints received during Janata Darshan, the outcome of the disposal of complaints is only 6 percent in 6 months, said Faizabadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149823", "title": "Centre assures all help to J&K; govt over threat to panchayat members", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid growing security concerns of panchayat members who have been facing consistent threats from militants in Jammu &amp; Kashmir, the Centre on Thursday promised to provide all assistance to the state government to deal with the situation.\"Whatever assistance the Jammu and Kashmir government wants, we will provide to them...We will give full assistance. There are no issues on that. There is nothing to be scared of,\" Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde said on sidelines of a function here.He was responding to a question on the reported resignation of nearly 800 panches and sarpanches in J&K; through advertisements in various local dailies citing threat to their life. There are 33,000 panches and sarpanches in the state.State authorities have, however, stated that they have received only 50 resignations since the panchayat polls were held last year after a gap of nearly three decades.\"I want to request all people, including the separatists, ... please remain peaceful. We all want peace in Jammu and Kashmir,\" he said, adding he was in regular touch with state CM Omar Abdullah and has offered him any help that may be required.His remark comes after the home ministry rushed additional 7,000 CRPF personnel to the state for helping the local police tackle the situation in the past one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149713", "title": "Four fire-crackers banned after they fail noise test", "text": "MUMBAI: The state pollution control board has banned four fire-crackers that have been found to have crossed the permissible sound level, with some recording 126.7dB. The state has also recommended action against their manufacturers.The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB), along with NGO Awaaz Foundation and the police, carried out a noise test on commonly available fire-crackers on Carter Road in Bandra on Thursday, to verify if the manufacturers adhered to the anti-noise pollution rules set by the Supreme Court.According to the joint tests, sutali bombs, 5000 serial crackers, Thunderbolts and Thriller bombs flouted the norms. According to state environment officials, Standard Fireworks' Thunderbolt and 5000 Series have been found attaining deafening decibel levels of 126.6 dB and 126.7 dB. Thriller bombs made by Charminar Fireworks had a noise level of 126.4 dB, said MPCB spokesperson Sanjay Bhuskute. Sutali bombs by Summer Fireworks of Jalgaon registered a sound level of 120 db.\"Besides banning the crackers, we are recommending the department of explosives to take action against the manufacturers. Our test results will be forwarded to them,\" said MPCB deputy director P Mirashe.\"The sutali bombs and 5000 serial crackers were the loudest. Serial bombs are not supposed to be so loud as the duration of the bursting determines the decibel level. It should be 105 db but we recorded it as 126.7 dB. The sutali bombs are not supposed to exceed 125 dB but they are 126.6 dB. Thunderbolts and Thriller bombs are supposed to produce noise not more than 120dB, but we found them flouting the rules,\" said Sumaira Abdulali, founder of Awaaz Foundation. \"Aerial crackers that explode in the airare also very loud. At the ground level, the reading came to 117.7dB. Imagine what the noise it will make when it bursts near a window high up.\" When we took the reading . We take a reading from the ground level when they explode near the window. Even those have reached 117.7 db. If the decibel level is so high at such a distance, we can imagine the point where it is bursting is much more. They do not burst individually, but they go serially one after the other,\"said Sumaira Abdulali, founder, Awaaz Foundation.Abdulali also demanded that the manufacturers should display the chemical contents and the decibel levels of all fire-crackers on the boxes.MPCB officials found some boxes that did not have mention of noise levels, breaching the condition of licence issued under the Explosive Rules, 1983. \"We will forward the details of the tests to the Centre so that suitable action can be taken against the three companies,\" said Bhuskute.Similar tests in Nagpur and Pune have revealed that nearly 15 of 25 fire-cracker brands violated the anti-noise pollution norms.The environment department officials and the social workers have also requested citizens not to buy these crackers to enjoy noise pollution-free Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149983", "title": "India wants easy visas for disaster relief teams", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Thursday pitched for devising a system which can help providing quick visa and airport facilities to search-and-rescue teams during disaster so that relief experts and materials could reach the affected countries without losing crucial time.The proposal was put forward by Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde during an East Asia Summit (EAS) workshop on Building Regional Framework for Earthquake Risk Management.Advocating an effective international coordination system during disasters, Shinde said there was a need to lay down a system for effective coordination of international assistance following earthquakes.\"A common understanding of procedures and protocol for the assistance would be a valuable step forward. It should include a system whereby search and rescue teams should get visa and airport facilitation on an immediate basis,\" he said addressing the workshop.The idea of having such system in place is to provide a coordinated response to disaster situation from national and international agencies for inflow of response materials so that in a real-life situation the agreed protocols can facilitate immediate assistance to save precious lives.The minister also stressed on improving building skills and practices in earthquake-prone areas to prevent their collapse and strengthening search and rescue capacity, evacuation practices and emergency medical response system.The main objectives of the two-day workshop is to bring all EAS member countries together to discuss capacity building using national response mechanism and issues pertaining to the countries in the region to enable development of regional approach towards coordination of logistics, response, rescue, relief and recovery to minimize the impact on lives and assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17149411", "title": "Doctors shortage sparks Kandhamal bandh", "text": "Berhampur: Life was hit in Kandhamal's Baliguda town and five other blocks on Thursday with locals resorting to a day-long bandh protesting against the ailing health services and absence of doctors in the Baliguda sub-divisional hospital. The bandh called by Swasthya Kendra Kriyanusthan Committee (SKKC) was total in K Nuagaon and Tumudibadh and partial in Daringibadi and Kotagarh.Road communication from Kandhamal to Ganjam, Gajapati, Rayagada and Kalahandi was disrupted while shops and business establishments downed shutters. Banks and educational institutions were also shut in Baliguda with agitators blocking the road by burning tyres.The bandh was a part of the ongoing agitation by locals from Monday demanding appointment of doctors in the hospital. They are on a relay hunger strike in front of the 66-bed hospital, which has only six doctors against the sanctioned strength of 14. \"Shortage of doctors has crippled health services. We had to resort to bandh after our repeated pleas fell on deaf ears,\" said secretary of the committee Abhimanyu Padhi.A senior health officer said three doctors were deputed to Baliguda hospital as an immediate step to tide over the crisis. No untoward incident was reported during the bandh, said SDPO (Baliguda) A K Barik. Two platoons of police were deployed in the town to maintain law and order, he added.Phulbani had witnessed a similar bandh in September demanding appointment of doctors in the district headquarter hospital. Kandhamal collector B S Punia said the government has been apprised of the doctor shortage in the district, including at Baliguda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149030", "title": "6 dog owners fined for not scooping poop", "text": "NAGPUR: Six dog owners, who failed to scoop the poop, have been fined by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's Laxmi Nagar zone officers. These are the first cases since dog control orders were introduced in the NMC limits recently.Section 195 and 196 (A, B) of the City of Nagpur Corporation Act empowers the civic body to fine pet owners if their canines are found defecating in public places.On November 3, the zonal health officer of Laxmi Nagar Zone issued notices to seven pet dog owners in different localities, including Narendra Nagar, Sonegaon, Khamla and Pratap Nagar, after they were caught taking their canine out on the road without a carry bag.\"Despite being warned, they failed to adopt remedial steps and were fined Rs 100 each,\" said NMC assistant health officer Dr Ashok Urkude.The punishment is intended to act as a warning to other dog owners to make sure they have a bag with them to clean up when taking their pets for walks.Over the past few days, the health department officials have launched an awareness campaign to teach dog owners to scoop their pet's poop.On Thursday morning, a team of health department led by Dr Urkude caught about a dozen pet owners including an eminent high court lawyer and a servant of an ex-state minister from Civil Lines locality with their canines for a walk without carrying a bag. Following assurances that it will not be repeated, the offenders were let off with a warning.Dr Urkude also convened a meeting of 10 zonal health officers and around 60 health inspectors over the issue. Now they will be touring their respective wards and zones to control the unhygienic conditions.The drive follows after complaints about dog excrement on pavements, especially in front of entrance gates of many houses and in public grounds and parks.Aggrieved residents can contact NMC veterinary officer Dr G Mahalle on 9923005604 or e-mail on vetofficer.nmc@gmail.com to lodge a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17150595", "title": "As winter bites into hydro power generation, Himachal Pradesh taps power banking", "text": "SHIMLA: With the onset of winter, Himachal Pradesh has started witnessing a dip in hydro power production due to receding water levels in the rivers. This has forced the authorities to draw power under the banking system from neighbouring states of Delhi, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh. Against the daily consumption of 242 lakh units, the state is currently generating 71 lakh units only.Known as a power surplus state of the country, Himachal Pradesh faces acute shortage of power during winter. Higher reaches of the state records temperature several degrees below zero, resulting in frozen lakes and water bodies, which affects hydro power generation.State power controller, Joginder Singh , told TOI on Thursday that the state currently gets 33 lakh units of power from HPSEB projects, 15 lakh units from Baspa project, 23 lakh units from small power projects while 100 lakh units are being received through its share in central projects.\"To fill the generation gap, we are receiving 32 lakh unit from other states, of which 19 lakh units are drawn from Punjab, nine lakh units from Delhi and four lakh units from Uttar Pradesh. The remaining demand is met by purchasing power through energy exchange and overdrawing around 5-7 lakh units from the northern grid,\" he added.In summer, Himachal Pradesh supplies power under the banking system to other states and draw the same in winter when generation dips in the state.As power crisis has already hit the state with the onset of winter, the situation is likely to worsen when heavy snowfall occurs in higher reaches. To deal with the situation, power under the banking system would be drawn from Haryana also from next month, officials said.In summer, hydro power projects under HPSEB generate 105 lakh units, but in winter, the generation dips to 33 lakh units. The Baspa project, which generates 78 lakh units daily in summer, produces only 15 lakh units of power in winter. Small projects in the state produces 110 lakh units daily in summer, but generate only 23 lakh units in winter, they added.In a bid to ensure enough power during winter, Himachal Pradesh government had decided in June 2010 to form a joint venture company to set up a thermal power plant in West Bengal. The state cabinet had given nod to Himachal EMTA Power Ltd (HEPL) to go ahead with setting up of a coal pithead at Raniganj in West Bengal, but uncertainty looms over the plant as UPA government has decided to cancel allotment of coal blocks after the coalgate controversy, sources pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17151077", "title": "Victim of chemical attack out of hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: The 26-year-old physiotherapist who had hazardous chemical hurled at her face, at her Worli residence, took a discharge from hospital on Thursday morning, though the threat to her eyesight may not be over. Her alleged attacker, documentary and ad filmmaker Jerrit John, is still absconding.The attack on Aryanka Hozbetkar, by John, whom she met in a cycling group but later called off the friendship, evoked strong reactions even from his friends. She was attacked at her Adarsh Colony home in Worli at around 5am on Wednesday.Hozbetkar took a discharge from PD Hinduja Hospital on Thursday, where she was undergoing treatment, and went to live with her relatives. She apparently insisted on being allowed to go home. A family friend said, \"Both mother are daughter are extremely scared and didn't want to go back to their Worli house\". Hozbetkar has to visit the hospital almost everyday till the danger of losing vision in her right eye is completely ruled out. Though police claimed it was probably not an acid attack, the chemical used could scar her face.Police have formed separate teams to nab John, associated with movies like Slumdog Millionaire, My Name Is Khan, etc. A senior inspector from Dadar police station said, \"We have formed two teams to trace John. A police team visited John's brother's house at Khar-Danda. Another team went to John's Carter Road office in Bandra but it was shut,\" said senior police inspector Prakash Patil. Till Thursday evening, police maintained the filmmaker was absconding. \"John's wife is away in Nagpur with their child, to meet her parents, and is probably unaware of the incident,\" said a cop. \"We have seized the bottle in which John brought the chemical. It's not acid. We have sent it for examination to Kalina Forensic Laboratory,\" added Patil.John owns a production house named 'No Nonsense'. Police learnt the filmmaker, whose short films showcased at Berlin and Cannes film festivals, has deleted his account from a social networking site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149778", "title": "Rights' panel asks school to take back autistic kid on provisional basis", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Commission for Protection of Child Rights on Thursday directed a Juhu school to provisionally re-admit an autistic child it had forced to leave. The commission said in its order that the child's behaviour should be observed by an expert panel for 15 days. If the committee's report doesn't favour the child, the parents 'are advised to shift the child in a school structured for children with behavioural problems'.Jamnabai Narsee School had asked the seven-year-old to leave in July this year after his behavioural changes allegedly affected other students, which prompted his parents to move the child rights' panel. After a couple of hearings, the commission finally passed the order on Thursday. The child's father refused to comment on the order.However, the advocate representing the child, Pradeep Havnur, said, \"The panel has acted at the behest of the school authorities. The order is not in accordance with the Right to Education Act. The expert panel had itself earlier suggested that they should observe the child for six months under a shadow teacher. The 15 days given for observation is too less. It can't be called a justifiable order.\" He added the parents had asked the commission to allow the child to complete at least his elementary education in the school.The commission's order says the child's mother should accompany him during the 15 days. It says, 'In the same period, a team of experts under the chairmanship of Samir Dalwai, consisting a member from the field of behavioural science and the other from the field of psychology as per Dalwai's choice, will observe the behaviour of the child during classroom hours and submit the report. If the report says the child's schooling may be continued with the help of a shadow teacher at the expense of the parents, then the school is directed to continue with the child's schooling'. The order adds, 'If the committee's report is otherwise, then the parents are advised to shift the child to a school which is specially structured for children having behavioural problems and the state government is also directed to provide all facilities to the child so that he maybe able to receive education'.The school's principal Sudeshna Chatterjee refused to comment on the order. Earlier, in an affidavit filed in the last hearing, the school had asked the commission for a review of the classroom environment. Their affidavit stated, 'A 20-minute clinical interaction would not help in understanding the case. The expert should visit the school and observe the child in the school environment. Instead of the shadow teacher, the child's mother should accompany him to the school'. It also stated that 'it is the school's responsibility that the child should get equal opportunity in a schooling environment, without disrupting the normal class and the well being of other children'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149183", "title": "India seeks Doha climate talks to discuss issues concerning developing nations", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has demanded that environment ministers gathering in Doha for climate talks in end-November discuss not just green house gas emission reductions but also finance, technology and other issues that are closer to developing countries' interests.In its latest submission to the UN, the government has demanded that ministerial round tables being organized must be comprehensive in nature and should not focus on a particular issue at the cost of another's exclusion.The special ministerial round of discussions is being held to develop a faster consensus on the shape that the new global climate change regime \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to be negotiated by 2015 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d should take.The demand reflects India's wariness that the developed countries would push for discussions only on reducing emissions at the expense of talks on transfer of finance and technology from the rich to the poorer countries.India has again reiterated that the legal form of the new deal should not be pre-judged. Instead, the meat of the new deal should be carved out before the countries decide how to give it a legal form.Similarly, India has demanded that the Doha talks only decide a 'work-plan' with specific timelines and milestones until the basic scope of the new global compact have been agreed upon. Worries abound among the developing world negotiators that fixing deadlines for the coming three years of talks would permit the developed world to slip in elements on which consensus has not been arrived at. The developing world would prefer the guiding principles and elements of a new compact be fleshed out with consensus as a priority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151278", "title": "Tamil Nadu man to return home after 27 years in Dubai jail", "text": "CHENNAI: Dubai central prison's longest serving inmate, a Tamil Nadu man, is set to walk free. Paul George Nadar, now 66, was convicted for killing nine members of a Pakistani family in 1985. He spent next 27 years in jail, the longest prison term ever served in the UAE's history, according to media reports. On Wednesday, the Dubai government granted him pardon and he is likely to be released in a couple of days.Nadar, who hailed from Nagercoil in Kanyakumari district, came to Dubai in 1977 and was 39 when he allegedly committed the ghastly murder on October 10, 1985. According to the details of the case, Nadar, in drunken state, sprayed a can of paint thinner on a shanty and set it ablaze as the family consisting of two women and seven children were asleep inside.His son Subbarajan, an engineer working in Dubai, told TOI over telephone on Thursday the release order for his father has been issued. \"We are happy that our father is finally returning home as he wanted to breathe his last in India and he has repented enough for this crime,'' Subbarajan said.Nadar, who underwent an open heart surgery in 2010, told a section of the media on Wednesday that he was taken to the chamber of the attorney general in Dubai and told that he was free. His daughter Sumitra, also based in Dubai, said: \"We are happy that my father is being released. My mother back home is waiting to see him. My grandfather Mariyadasan, who was 93, passed away last December after waiting for years to see his son return home''. Sumitra, who was as ten years old when her father was sentenced, now has a 10-year-old daughter.On the night of October 10, 1985, Nadar got drunk and sprayed a can of paint thinner on a shanty at Frij Al Murar area and set it ablaze. Two Pakistani women and their seven children, aged between two and 14, died in the blaze.He was sentenced to death in 1986. He obtained a 'tanseel' (letter of pardon) from the victims' family in 1996 after his family paid 65,000 dirhams (about Rs 9.6 lakh) as blood money. Despite paying the blood money, he was lodged in the 'black cell', awaiting the final order from the ruler of Dubai. Subbarajan said though the order was conveyed orally, it will take at least another three days before the release order is sent to the prison authorities. Once the deportation formalities are complete, he can go home, he said. \"I spoke to my father. He has paid the price for the crime he committed, Subbarajan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149280", "title": "Mobile vans to bring Kerala greens right at your doorstep", "text": "NEW DELHI: Imagine savouring delicious Kerala cuisine more often. Mouth-watering payasams, spicy pickles, healthy plantains, succulent coconuts...these could become a reality from November 11 when Kerala Horticorp will inaugurate two mobile vans in Delhi which will sell ethnic produce. These will go to various colonies at a particular time and day every week and be increased according to demand.Sivadas, a farmer in Palakkad district, Kerala, is definitely rooting for this initiative. His livelihood depends on it. Thanks to Kerala State Horticultural Products Development Corporation Limited (Horticorp), he can sell produce from his five-acre vegetable farm to them and fetch greater remuneration. \"I used to sell my produce to private traders but would get less money and sometimes suffered losses. But for the last one year, I am getting Rs 2 extra on every kilo I sell. A farmer who sells five tonnes annually thereby makes a profit of Rs 1 lakh,\" says Shivdas.Horticorp has thus made the dreams of many farmers like Sivadas come true by getting them better prices and offering lower ones to consumers, thus avoiding exploitation by middlemen. This is slowly changing even the cultivation patterns of the state's approximately 63 lakh farmers. \"We offer farmers 10% more than wholesale rates and consumers, 30% less than retail rates\", says Lal Varghese Kalpakavadi of Horticorp. \"Kerala requires 44 lakh tonnes of vegetables annually. Sadly, only 8.25 lakh tonnes are produced within it. We plan to overhaul this,\" says Kalpakavadi.The results are already showing. Shivdas tells TOI by phone, \"In the last fiscal, farmers' clusters (225 farmers) in my panchayat, got Rs 2.81 crore. This year till November, we made Rs 2.91 crore and expect a windfall of Rs 3.5 crore by March 2013.\"While for the last 20 years, Horticorp directly procured from farmers only during the festival season and peak harvest time, it's now going in for a major expansion plan to other cities. Horticorp has also entered into an agreement with the railways for four metric tonnes of space in the New Delhi-bound Kerala Express for the same.Most of the items will be non-perishable such as honey, spices, payasam mixes, pickles, chips, coconuts, yam and tubers, while veggies will be those that can be stored for a week such as jackfruit, bread fruit, pineapples, bananas, tapioca, coconuts and drumsticks. Mumbai and other Indian cities too will be brought within its ambit and by December, there are plans to furrow into the UAE market too. Shivdas already has plans to bring one acre under cultivation every year. Farmers across Kerala have come up with proposals to increase the area under vegetable cultivation, says Manoj Kurup, MD, Horticorp. \"We expect this area to go up 2-3 times more,\" he says.This is how it works. Earlier, farmers would bring their produce either to Horticorp's 10 district procurement centres, six wholesale agriculture markets owned by the Department of Agriculture or to farmers' markets called Karshaka Vipani, managed by the Vegetable and Fruit Promotion Council, Kerala, where they were auctioned. But from July, under the guidance of agriculture minister K P Mohanan, Horticorp started bidding for these vegetables. Farmers' clusters were formed in places as remote as Munnar and the produce collected by Horticorp. It now plans to increase its district procurement centres in four more districts. While Horticorp has 150 outlets in Kerala, including 20 mobile units, it has initiated 500 franchisee outlets in the state. It's a win-win formula for both farmers and consumers. Horticorp has also changed unfair trade practices.Kurup says, \"Previously, there was no assured market for vegetables in Kerala other than bananas as the major vegetable-growing tracts in the state border with Tamil Nadu. Hence, Tamil Nadu traders were the major buyers and financiers to these farmers. They would pay them in advance so that the entire vegetable produce went to them and it would then be sold back to Kerala at higher prices. That will stop.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17151011", "title": "HC judges eligible for vacancies in information panel", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government, while amending its method of considering judges for appointment as information commissioners, has opened up the posts for the sitting high court judges too.The government's earlier method of calling 'job applications' from former judges willing to render their services to the Rajasthan Information Commission (RIC) has been dropped. The serving and ex-judges' bio-data for consideration on the posts would now be routed through the high court.The government's revised ad submitted in court on Thursday read: \"Preference shall be given to the person who is or has been a judge of the high court.\"The Supreme Court judgment on the subject passed on September 13 this year made it mandatory for the state information commissions to work in benches of two members each with one of the members being a judicial officer. The government ad is for appointing the judicial officer.As per the earlier ad for the posts, only former district court judges were included among the eligible persons. The petitioner's case during the last two hearings was that former high court judges should also be considered for the posts and that instead of inviting 'job applications' from them, the ex-judges should be appointed in consultation with the state's chief justice.The revised ad has not only amended its method of considering the former judges for the posts but also included sitting high court judges among the eligible persons for the vacancies. However, people from the legal fraternity said that it was unlikely that a sitting high court judge would opt for an appointment at the RIC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "17150509", "title": "Court orders DNA test of prime accused", "text": "FARIDKOT: Parents of the minor girl, on Thursday, requested permission from Faridkot local court to get abortion done on their daughter, even as the court ordered DNA test of the prime accused, Nishan Singh. The parents also requested the court of CJM Dr Rajneesh to allow the girl to return home.While the court reserved its order on requests of the parents to get their daughter's abortion done and allow her to return home, it gave police a go-ahead to conduct DNA test of Nishan Singh. Faridkot police had requested permission from the court to get DNA test of Nishan Singh done so as to strengthen the rape case. According to police officers, Nishan Singh has been refusing to undergo the test.In their application, the parents said that their daughter was being kept in a single room of the Nari Niketan and felt tortured. They said that she wants to return home but not allowed by Punjab police.The parents have also requested the court to issue directions to the police department for stopping its campaign to disgrace their daughter.The girl was rescued from Goa on October 21, almost a month after she was abducted on September 24 from her house in Faridkot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17149291", "title": "Khallikote junior college students clash", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Two groups of students of Khallikote Junior College clashed with each other on Thursday just outside the college campus. Tension mounted in the area after a bomb was hurled during the mayhem. Three students sustained minor injuries in the clash, sources said.\"We suspect the bomb was hurled by outsiders. It was hurled from the college stadium after the clash,\" SDPO (Berhampur) B K Panigrahi said. Police have detained a few persons, including two students, he added.There has been tension in the college between two groups of students since the students' union election on October 19, police said. Principal Bibekananda Panda said he had called the two warring groups thrice to his office, and tried to reconcile them, but his efforts proved futile. He, however, expressed ignorance about the reason behind Thursday's clash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "17148811", "title": "Tea leaves have even changed politics: Wanchoo", "text": "CANACONA: Governor B V Wanchoo called on the tea industry to promote scientific research in this field to boost productivity and bring about improved qualities of tea in the country and the world.The governor was speaking after inaugurating the three-day India International Tea Convention - 2012 (IITC) at the Lalit hotel at Canacona on Wednesday. IITC 2012 is being organized by the consultative committee of plantation associations (CCPA)- the apex body of tea producer associations in India- with the support of the tea board of India.It is a matter of great satisfaction that tea leaves have drastically changed culture, economics, trade and, if I am not wrong, even politics, he said.Speaking further Wanchoo said that \"though the Indian tea industry is over 160 years old, it is vibrant and growing,\" India is the largest consumer of tea in the world, the second largest producer and fourth largest exporter of tea, there is therefore, no doubt that this important industry play a critical role in our National development hence needs to be protected and promoted in a suitable manner.M G Bhanu chairman of tea board of India, said that the IITC will take up issues relating to production and marketing of tea, branding initiatives and the new avenues available to tea producers that include sale through supermarkets.C S Bedi, chairman of CCPA said the conference has participation of delegates from other tea producing nations that include Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Kenya and Tanzania as well as non-tea producing countries such as the US, Canada, Germany, Austria, Spain, Russia, Kazakhstan, the UAE, Iran, Egypt and Tanzania among others and around 400 delegates attend the conference.It will provide an opportunity to exchange ideas and draw up direction for the future for all stakeholders associated with tea like growers, manufacturers, brokers, auctioneers,packers, exporters and importers apart from tea machinery and equipment manufacturers, tea organisations among others Bedi said.\"The Indian tea is largely consumed in the domestic market and just about 15% is exported. Through this conference, we are looking at expanding the overseas market for Indian tea. We will discuss issues like value addition, branding, packaging and chart out direction for the Indian tea industry for the next decade,\" said G J Ancherill, president of UPASI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "17150568", "title": "Scale up measures to turn waste into fuel: Experts", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Government and industry need to take pro-active measures to scale up solid waste treatment to derive alternate fuel, while looking for a substitute to landfill sites. This was decided by the members of union government's Forum for Co-processing of Hazardous and Non-Hazardous Waste at a meeting in the state capital on Monday.Representatives from Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh and Orissa discussed at length how solid waste can be used as a supplementary resource or for energy recovery or for re-processing.\"We discussed how co-processing of solid waste treatment can be extended to industries such as cement, steel, thermal plants and plastic units. The emphasis was on segregation and transportation of solid waste so that it can be co-processed in a manner that it can be used as an alternative fuel or raw material,\" said H K Dash, principal secretary, forests and environment department. Representatives from Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) related action taken in this direction in the state. GPCB is exploring the possibility of encouraging chemical clusters and cement plants to establish hazardous waste pre-treatment facilities for co-processing. This will ease channeling such waste from small generators to cement kilns.Sources said Gujarat produces 25,000 tonnes of solid waste every day. It was pointed out that while present landfill sites are sufficient, alternatives will have to be developed for the future.Sources said Gujarat has successfully implemented co-processing of hazardous waste in the cement industry and has derived alternative fuel from solid waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17149616", "title": "Munda counts on Hanuman, vaastu to save chair", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda has always been a religious man. In 2002, when he first became the chief minister after Babulal Marandi was asked to go, he ensured that certain vaastu corrections were made at the CM's official residence, after which he arranged for an elaborate grih pravesh.After surviving a helicopter crash in May, Munda installed a Sankat Mochan Hanuman temple at his official residence to ward off evils that could harm his health and political career. In July, he even invited a group of priests from Ayodhya for vaastu corrections at his official residence.The installation of the temple could not have come at a better time as political instability stares at Jharkhand once again. For the last couple of weeks, JMM chief Shibu Soren has been demanding Munda vacates the post for him. In January 2012 itself Soren had told reporters that Munda should abide by the unwritten power-sharing agreement that existed between the two parties.Sources at CM's house said Munda and his wife chant Sankat Mochan Hanuman mantras and read Hanuman Chalisa seven times every day. Munda does not even take breakfast before his daily puja.Acharya Ravi Shastri , who had done vaastu corrections at Prime Minister P V Narasimha Rao's official residence in 1995, said he did a similar ritual at Munda's house. \"The vastu correction was done to avert political crisis in the state,\" said Shastri. \"No political crisis would plague the government. I had told the same to P V Narasimha Rao in 1995 when he had taken me for vastu corrections at PM's house,\" he said Shastri. Throughout its five-year term, Rao's coalition government was in trouble but managed to complete its term, claimed Shastri.Ajay Shastri, chief priest of the CM's in-house temple, said: \"Mundaji soes a parikrama of the temple every morning after chanting mantras as advised to him.\" It is believed that the one who does this where Lord Hanuman is installed in its Sankat Mochan form is saved from all trouble and his enemies can cause him no harm. \"As advised, Munda has started wearing a Sankat Mochan Kavach (cover) in his neck too,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149397", "title": "Councillor suicide: Satyam did not want role in politics, says brother", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reservation, not ambition, fuelled Satyam Yadav's brief political career, her family members say. But for the reservation of municipal seats for women this time, the 26-year-old would have remained the backstage 'bahu' of a politically influential family.Satyam's reservations about joining politics probably stemmed from her own family's middle class ethos \u00e2\u20ac\u201d her elder brother is an NDMC school teacher while another works with the UP government. Satyam wanted a career in teaching and had done MA in English from CCS University, and BEd from Shanker Degree College in UP. She was also unwilling to get married early, her Bulandshahr-based brother Prashant Singh said.Prashant, who claims he spent Rs 8 lakh on Satyam's wedding, alleged she was not treated well by her in-laws. \"They demanded a Honda City and Rs 10 lakh in cash. She was not allowed to visit or call us. The birth of a daughter, Vanshika, made matters worse.\" However, Satyam's father-in-law Lalaram Yadav vehemently denied this.Satyam's nomination for the municipal polls was a political compulsion for her husband's family, Prashant said. Her name was not included in the first list of nominees, he said. \"The fact that Lalaram's wife Satyawati had to be left out due to her limited educational qualifications rankled in their minds. They pressed my sister to find a good job. She sought more time but they asked us to pay Rs 1 lakh, the cost of her campaign,'' said Prashant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17150773", "title": "Star-studded opening at film fest", "text": "KOLKATA: The opening ceremony of the 18th Kolkata International Film Festival (KIFF) will bring megastars Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan together on the same stage for the first time in Bengal. In what promises to be the most star-studded inauguration ever, they will have Katrina Kaif, Anushka Sharma and Mithun Chakraborty for company, apart from a host of Tollywood stars. Both Bachchan and Shah Rukh will deliver lectures at the programme.Besides, the state information and cultural affairs department has planned a grand reception for Bachchan. To be held at a five-star hotel off EM Bypass, the reception will be attended by guests, delegates and government officials.Even though both the stars have informed the organizers that they will be making their own accommodation and travel arrangements in Kolkata, the KIFF authorities have decided to roll out the red carpet for the senior star. Bachchan's office has been told that the state has arranged for his accommodation at a five-star hotel and that he will be received at the airport by a senior official when he arrives on November 10.Shah Rukh Khan will, however, be in the city a day earlier, on November 9. He along with Katrina Kaif will be promoting their latest release in the city from November 9 to 11. Bachchan arrives on November 10, hours before the inauguration at the Netaji Indoor Stadium.\"The state government is making all necessary arrangements for their pleasant stay in the city and we are privileged to share dais with them,\" said the information and culture secretary Nandini Chakraborty.The ceremony will kick off with an introduction by Tollywood heartthrob Dev which be followed by an hour-long concert by Debajyoti Mishra. The concert will pay tribute to 100 years of Indian cinema. Mithun Chakraborty will take the stage after a welcome address by chairman of the festival committee Ranjit Mallik.A film on Brand Bengal will be followed by the state's brand ambassador - Shah Rukh Khan - taking the stage. Minutes later, Bachchan will make an appearance. The event will conclude with director Goutam Ghose introducing the inaugural film - A Separation.Around 2000 delegates from Africa, Iran and South America are expected at the festival. Eminent directors like Ahmed Boulane of Morocco, Dorota Maria Kedzierzawska of Poland and Alexendra Georgopoulou of Greece have confirmed their participation.Three giant screens will be put up outside Netaji Indoor for those who can't make it to the stadium. Additional parking space will be provided.It in last September that chief minister Mamata Banerjee who had approached Bachchan. \"She has known Bachchan as an MP since 1984. He immediately accepted the invitation,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17151496", "title": "Relief for Chautala faction, court restrains Rathi as president of HOA", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chautala faction of Haryana Olympic Association, led by INLD leader Sher Singh Badshami, has received a shot in the arm as a local court in Kurukshetra ordered P V Rathi, principal advisor (home &amp; CID), not to act as president of HOA and not to use the name of Haryana Olympic Association.Additional civil judge (senior division) Kurukshetra, Ranjana Aggarwal, passed the orders on Wednesday while hearing a plaint filed by Badshami.The development is significant as HOA (Rathi) faction is conducting the Haryana State Games that began at the sports stadium in Panchkula on Thursday.In her orders, the judge held, \"P V Rathi is restrained from acting as office bearer of HOA and from using the banner in any manner at any forum for any purpose till further orders of the court\".The court also directed Vijay Malhotra, acting president of Indian Olympic Association (IOA), not to entertain any other faction except the HOA, elected on July 12 this year, led by Badshami, till further orders.The court also directed Rathi to file a reply in the matter on November 15.The court passed the orders, relying on records produced by Badshami, in which a three-member panel comprising former chief election commissioner S Y Qureshi, Justice (retd) V K Bali and Justice J D Kapoor had approved the name of Badshami being president of HOA in the electoral college of IOA. Election of IOA is slated for November 25 at New Delhi.In his plaint before the Kurukshetra court, Badshami argued that Rathi is using the banner of HOA illegally and sought direction to restrain him from doing so.Prior to Badshami, who was elected to the said post on July 12, Abhay Singh Chautala, MLA and son of former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala , was the president of HOA for a long time.However, when the new faction led by Kurukshetra MP and industrialist, Naveen Jindal, took over the association in 2006 after Bhupender Singh Hooda government came to power, the issue reached the court.Later, former DGP (CID) Haryana, P V Rathi had replaced Naveen Jindal and is running the affairs of the other faction.Earlier, the Rathi faction had also procured an order from a local court in Panchkula restraining Abhay Chautala faction from using the name of HOA.The matter is also pending before the disputes and affiliation commission of Indian Olympic Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149221", "title": "Nagpur University flooded with over 6,000 complaints of revaluation", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University received over 6,000 complaints from students for discrepancies and undervaluation of answer-sheets that led to their disastrous results in revaluation. The students, who have been assembling at the NU premises every day since last week, were told by the administration to give their complaints in writing, but an unexpected number of them flooded the university with letters which were later sent to controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke.Even photocopies of students answer sheets were found to have glaring mistakes raising doubts if it was a deliberate act on the part of evaluators. Some answers were totally overlooked by the evaluators while some were given zero marks even though those were correct according to subject experts. There were many mistakes in adding up the marks too.A parent, who was among the hundreds of protesters, told TOI that his daughter was yet to get photocopy of answer sheets three months after applying for it. He was wrongly advised by the exam section officials to directly apply for revaluation. Her result was subsequently upheld by the NU and she was declined admission to the next semester.The varsity had also lost marksheets of many students too. Two girls said that two months after applying for duplicates, they were yet to receive it. Some who had misplaced their mark sheets failed to apply for revaluation before the deadline.The students are now planning to go to court to demand a re-revaluation. Their lawyers have advised them to file a contempt petition as the Bombay High Court had criticized the NU officials and evaluators in the Richa Inamdar case for glaring discrepancies in her answer sheet.Cops detain 23 students from NUThe Sitabuldi police on Thursday detained about 23 students who had planned to protest in front of the Nagpur University. They were later released with a warning. There were some rumours of lathi charge on the students but the police denied it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17152834", "title": "Vijay\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s comic timing is fantastic: Murugadoss", "text": "Thuppakki sees the teaming up of director A R Murugadoss with Vijay and Kajal Aggarwal for the first time. In a candid chat, he reveals how Vijay exceeded his expectations, Kajal and more...How is Thuppakki different from your previous films? I was very clear from the beginning that this would be a commercial movie. I wanted it to be like Superstar Rajinikanth's hit films that came out in the 80s and 90s - that was the feeling I wanted to give the audience. It should be fun, interesting and captivate the audience. This is an out-and-entertainment flick. You can watch this movie with friends , family and your kids. I wanted the audience to be able to watch the movie again and again and never get bored. And I think that's what I have made.This is your first movie with Vijay. How was the experience? I discovered that Vijay is an extremely talented actor. I knew he was a good dancer and fighter. But I always thought his acting talent was limited though he was a big superstar. But in two days, he proved me wrong completely. I try to get the actor to use their body language to deliver the dialogues. I only interfere if the actor doesn't deliver to my expectation. But Vijay delivered exactly what I had in mind and that was very surprising for me. Secondly, his comic timing was fantastic. I never expected that. And he continued to surprise me till the end of the movie.Did you write the character with Vijay in mind? If I had done that then the movie would not be special. I did use his strengths like his dancing and singing. His body language, modulation and dialogue delivery in this flick will be different.And you got him to sing... I wanted to Vijay to sing and coincidentally even Harris Jayaraj had the same thought. After Kamal sir, Vijay is the only hero singing for his own films. We recorded the song in just 3 hours. Google Google will be liked by the youth of today; it's colourful and fun.How did you decide on Kajal? The first thing was that I needed a heroine to give me bulk dates. I also needed a heroine who knew Tamil as there are a lot of dialogues. I was worried when I cast Kajal as she didn't know Tamil but she worked very hard and she has done well in the film. Today, I can't imagine anyone else in that role but her.What was the most difficult scene to shoot in the film? In Mumbai, we shot in real locations. It was thrilling but difficult also. We had to shoot in the middle of the sea and physically it was taxing for all of us. It was difficult then but when I think of it now, I am quite happy the way the scenes have turned out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17150808", "title": "Deadlock over storm water drain continues", "text": "KOCHI: The deadlock over the construction of a storm water drain as part of the Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Project (KSUDP) through Panampilly Nagar is continuing with the corporation expressing its inability to go ahead with the project following a stay order from the high court.The local body is aware of the difficulties the residents here are facing owing to the construction activities being stopped midway, but the authorities concerned said they would not be able to take a decision on this anytime soon.Works committee chairperson Soumini Jain said though the local body had barricaded the Panampilly Nagar Avenue Road to warn people about the ditch, the barricades are often removed without the corporation's knowledge or consent. \"Moreover, it has been found that some residents are misleading people saying that the corporation is constructing a sewage canal. As of now, we have to maintain status quo. So, we cannot cover the ditch or carry out any work at the site,\" said Soumini.The corporation had to stop the work as a group of residents approached the high court seeking a stay on it. According to corporation secretary Ajit Patel, the civic body is awaiting a final judgement and its further plans will be based on the court directive.The KSUDP project is being executed at a cost of Rs 11 crore with the support of the Asian Development Bank (ADB). A private agency, Esteem, was responsible for preparing the drainage master plan. It is intended to bring storm water from Ravipuram to the Thevara Perandoor (TP) Canal.The drain will pass through Panampilly Nagar LIG Colony, Ravipuram Cemetery and Government School Panampilly Nagar..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17151182", "title": "'Tarang\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 of excitement on final day of GSVM fest", "text": "KANPUR: Students' enthusiasm reached a peak on the fourth and concluding day of GSVM Medical College's annual cultural extravaganza 'Tarang 2012' on Thursday.While the day was dedicated to cultural and literary activities, the much-awaited Miss and Mr Tarang event held during the evening brought out the students' creativity and trendiness. Nearly 25 participants in beautiful attire and walked the ramp besides responding to tasks and questions from senior batches and teachers. In the end, Prachi Singh and Akash Rai won the titles of Miss and Mr Tarang respectively. But it wasn't just the students participating in the fashion show that were fashion-conscious. Students from GSVM, Maharana Pratap Medical College, Rama Dental College and other private medical institutes of the city who thronged the LT3 theatre and its grounds also seemed up-to-date on the latest trends.Later, the students along with teachers shook a leg on popular numbers at 'InsoMania,' the DJ performance. The event continued till late night and everyone made the most of the opportunity to unwind. Towards the end, GSVM principal Dr Navneet Kumar congratulated the students for the grand success of the event.Earlier in the morning, the students participated in Abhivyakti under which a Hindi debate was organized on the topic 'Eradication of corruption by public movements or political methods.' As many as 13 students participated in the event wherein Saurabh of Para F2 won the first prize. The second and third prizes went to Kirti Setani of Para F2 and Anupam Singh Yadav of Para G2 respectively.The budding doctors also participated in informal competitions like 'Breezy Bout' and arm wrestling in which Savita of Para F2 and Swapnil of Para D2 won the medals respectively. In the 'Gol Gappa war', Akansha of Para F2 and Yashaswini of Para G2 emerged victorious after eating maximum number of gol gappas.The girl students also took part in mehndi competitions in which Prashansa Singh and Dipika Gupta of Para G2 were declared the winners. In glass painting competition, Monika and Prashansa jointly won the first prize.In the series of dance events, Rajat Mishra of SD College who danced to the tunes of 'Kolaveri di' won the first prize in solo dance. In the duet performance, Anushka and Pradeep, 6-year-old participants from NLK Little Steps School won the first prize. In group dance competition, the winner was 'Virus' group of SD College.After the series of competitions, the GSVM students also performed special skits. The skit named 'Dulhon ki dukan' based on dowry gathered a bog round of applause. The mimicry performed named 'Love, Lunch and Dhoka' by the students of Para E2 caused much joyful mirth among the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17151007", "title": "Samajwadi leader murdered in broad daylight", "text": "KANPUR: A 45-year-old Samajwadi Party leader was shot in broad daylight by two assailants. The murder took place under the jurisdiction of Panki police on Thursday.Jai Hind Yadav (40), a resident of Vijaynagar, who also used to run a dairy, was going to Raniganj Ka Padav locality in Panki in a four-wheeler. The two assailants approached him on the pretext of asking an address.One of them opened fire leaving him critically wounded. The bullets pierced Yadav's body and he collapsed in a pool of blood. He was rushed to a nearby nursing home and later shifted to another private hospital in Sarvodayanagar area where he succumbed.Panic prevailed and the local traders closed their shops and left in order to avoid police queries. The police suspect that the murder was the fallout of business enmity.His family members and supporters from Vijaynagar reached the hospital and demanded immediate arrest of the accused.The family members alleged involvement of a criminal languishing in district jail, with whom Yadav had a tiff earlier.A case has been lodged and hunt is on to nab the accused, DIG Amitabh Yash said. He said that separate teams have been constituted and they would carry out raids as some names of the suspects have been shortlisted. The DIG said that forensic experts had collected evidence.His business associates and family members have been questioned. \"We will also try to seek judicial remand of criminals languishing in jail and interrogate them,\" police official, adding police are waiting for the autopsy report. No arrest was made till the filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "doraha", "code": "17150751", "title": "Ludhiana school lifts Ishwar Singh Memorial Cup", "text": "DORAHA: Malwa Senior Secondary School (MSSS), Ludhiana, defeated Guru Nanak Model Senior Secondary School (GNMSSS), Doraha, to win the 14th Ishwar Singh Memorial Inter-school Hockey Tournament, at Guru Nanak National College, Doraha, on Thursday.The Ludhiana team missed many chances throughout the match, though they won 2-1. With few anxious moments in the last minutes, the match ended in Ludhiana teama??s favour. The tournament organized by GNN College, Doraha, had eight teams participating from Doraha, Fatehgarh Sahib and Ludhiana.Rajdeep fastest boy, Prasha fastest girlRajdeep Singh Chahal was the only athlete to clinch two gold medals on the last day of the annual athletics meet of Sacred Heart Convent School, Sarabha Nagar, on Thursday. The Class X student won the 100m and long jump events among Group B boys, comprising classes IX and X.The shot put gold in this category was won by Kunal Uppal. Among Group-A boys, comprising classes XI and XII, Rahul won the 400m.Among Group B girls, Prasha became the fastest girl winning 100m, Sehneet Grewal clinched a gold in long jump and a bronze medal in shot put, and Sumedha won the gold in shot put.Bronze in hockeyThe U-16 boys of Ludhiana beat Gurdaspur to win the hockey bronze medal at the Punjab State Rural Games (Boys U-16) in Hoshiarpur. Ludhiana boys played free-flowing attacking hockey beating their strong opponent 3-1. They scored the first goal in the 10th minute as Gurtej Singh set the ball for Charankamal to strike in and the second came in 16th minute.The only goal for Gurdaspur was scored Veer Ranjodh through a penalty corner while Gurtej scored the third goal for Ludhiana in 40th minute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149942", "title": "Mumbai cops in Rajasthan to look for stolen gold", "text": "MUMBAI: A city crime branch team has reached Rajasthan to interrogate a jeweller who allegedly purchased 35 tolas of gold from Deversingh Devda, who has been arrested for robbing and killing a 73-year-old woman, Nirmala Vora, in Malad.\"Our teams will go to the jeweller's shop to try and recover the ornaments which Devda had sold to him. He may also be booked in this case for buying stolen ornaments,\" said a police officer.Devda, who worked at the deceased's sugarcane juice centre in a Malad mall, had entered her home on Sunday evening while she was all alone. He stole Rs 35,000 and 35 tolas gold from the house and killed Vora with a knife. The knife has been recovered and handed over to the Malad police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "17150811", "title": "5 youths arrested for raping minor girl in Karnal", "text": "KARNAL: Five youths were arrested on Thursday for raping a 13-year-old girl in Karnal city.The girl, a resident of Taraori town, had gone missing on November 3. Two days later, police registered a kidnapping case following a complaint filed by her father. According to her father, the girl has passed class VII, but it is not mentioned in the complaint whether she is still a student. The girl was recovered from ITI Chowk, Karnal on Thursday.SP, Karnal, Shashank Anand said that police had got a medical examination of the girl conducted at a Taraori hospital which had confirmed that the girl was raped.On the basis of the girl's statement, police have arrested five youths -- Pawan, Akshay, Shiv Kumar, Mohamed Rafi and Himanshu. Pawan is a neighbour of the victim.The girl told police that Akshay had brought her to Karnal and later, four others joined him to rape her.3 held in dalit girl's rapeBathinda: Police have registered a case against three upper-caste youths for raping a 15-year-old dalit girl. In the police complaint, the girl said that three youths from her village had been raping her for around six months.According to the police complaint made on Wednesday, the girl was first abducted around six months ago by Gurmail Singh, Harmail Singh and Kuldeep Singh, when she was on her way to school. The accused took the girl to a nearby canal and Gurmail Singh raped her in the presence of his two associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17150748", "title": "I lost my job, have no shelter", "text": "BANGALORE: Pascal Mazurier, the French national arrested for allegedly raping his 4-year-old daughter and later released on bail, says he's a tired man.\"I've lost my job and my children. I've virtually without any shelter -- I've taken refuge with the Children's Rights Initiative For Shared Parenting (CRISP) run by Kumar V Jahgirdar. Please don't trouble me any more. I'm tired,\" Mazurier told TOI on Thursday. Earlier, he was the deputy head of the chancery of the French consulate here.Sitting with CRISP office-bearers, Pascal said, \"I'm innocent. The rape charge against me is absurd. The case is sub judice and therefore don't want to go into its merits. My wife has framed me. I spent time in jail since June and have been away from my children. They're suffering for all this. The media have made me a monster and a rapist father. I've requested the police for an impartial investigation.\"\"I'm eager to meet my children and hug them. All I want to tell them is I still love them and explain why I was away,\" Pascal said.\"I've taken help from CRISP for legal advice and moral support. I'll fight the case and have faith in the judiciary,\" he added.Repeatedly asserting that he'd never committed any crime in his life, he said: \"The truth will come out ultimately.\"He said it's too early to comment on the future course of action as he has become weak, mentally and financially. Referring to the DNA tests which reportedly said his DNA samples don't match the DNA found on the girl's clothes, Pascal said, \"If the recovered semen is not mine, then whose is it? Suja (his wife) should answer this question. I'm confident that justice will be done and the erring persons will be punished.\"He continuned: \"Why is Suja framing me? She blames me, police, embassy and others. She thinks she's the only one who speaks the truth. Time will answer all these questions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17150800", "title": "No boom for a unsafea Chinese crackers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Chinese products may have infiltrated almost every consumer goods segment, but when it comes to crackers for Diwali, the flashy looks and low-price formula does not impress many. In the city, people have refused to compromise safety for either looks or economics, going for reliable Indian crackers instead.\"We haven\"t stocked Chinese crackers this time as there is no demand for them. These crackers are of inferior quality as compared to branded Indian crackers. Moreover, children are the ones who burst crackers the most so we cannot afford to keep unsafe crackers,\" said Ashok Thapar, a member of the Ludhiana Patakha Association.Rakesh Kumar, who has a stall in the wholesale cracker market near Jalandhar Bypass echoed his views. \"Chinese crackers are not in demand any more as they are not deemed safe. People do not want to take chances with the safety of their children,\" he said.Chinese crackers generated quite an excitement when they first came into the market. Slowly, demand ebbed. Vicky Mehta, a firecracker from Dugri has witnessed the declining trend. \"Over the past five years, I have seen the demand for Chinese crackers falling. These days people prefer branded Indian crackers,\" he said.Chinese products have had a large market. In case of electronics, people have been willing to experiment but when it comes to crackers, the approach is markedly different. \"Everyone knows Chinese products are not good in quality. When it comes to electronics or mobile accessories we are ready to try them. But crackers are different, here life is at risk,\" Sumit Sabharwal, a businessman from Urban Estate, Dugri, explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149185", "title": "DRM tells TVI scam victims to file police complaint", "text": "NAGPUR: On one hand the Central Railway employees, who were allegedly lured to become members of TVI Express Ponzi scheme, have been asked to keep mum while on the other hand divisional railway manager (DRM) Brijesh Dixit has asked a group of aggrieved women investors, who met him on Wednesday, to file a police complaint.Dixit said, \"We are investigating the matter and action will be taken accordingly.\"According to sources, the group was posed a volley of questions by Dixit about evidence and legal documents alleging involvement of railway officials in the scam.The women explained how movement inspectors laid trap by promising big money. They also named those who lured them by giving demonstrations. One of the victims, a domestic help, in the group sold her gold ring to become a member.However, Dixit is learnt to have told the delegation that he had transferred two movement inspectors Komal Gajbhiye and PD Raut and that was all what he could do post investigations. The DRM also asked the women to file a complaint with police department as it was the competent authority to conduct a probe.The women were later asked to register their statements with the Railway Protection Force (RPF). The women group was in DRM office for around four hours. When asked, senior divisional security commissioner (SrDSC) A Ibrahim Sheriff said, 'I've no idea about the women recording their statements.\"The women also told the DRM that movement inspectors Deepak Soni, Komal Gajbhiye, some other members from the operating department and Smriti Dayani from the signalling and telecommunication department carried out their TVI networking activities from the railway office. This angle was not been probed and enough time was given to those involved to destroy evidence, the complainant alleged.The group of women is among 52 investors who have been cheated. The women also told the DRM that entire scam was being operated and controlled by the movement inspectors. They urged the DRM to check call details of these officials. However, the administration seemed reluctant.Sources in the operating department told TOI that looking at the meek stand taken by the administration on the TVI scam, the movement inspectors are laughing all the way to the bank.\"It is impossible for senior divisional operating manager (SrDOM) Satyendra Kumar to transfer us,\" the movement inspectors (MIs) involved in TVI scam were heard saying.All the MIs are working on sensitive posts for more than 15 years. The Railway Board policy says officials should not work on such posts for more than four years.\"Transferring a couple of supervisors is just an eyewash. The intention behind these transfers is to kill the issue without any probe and get rid of disciplinary action against the officials,\" said a section of station masters pleading anonymity.The group of 52 persons has decided to file a police complaint.TimelineOct 27: TOI exposed the scam. It runs well into crores with over 10,000 falling prey in the city. Over 500 employees feared to have been duped by railway officialsOct 28: Central Railway DRM Brijesh Dixit orders probe but no concrete action against the taintedNov 1: Two movement inspectors Komal Gajbhiye and PD Raut transferred. Several still breathing freeNov 7: DRM Dixit asks a group of 52 aggrieved women investors to file a police complaintEnds", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149301", "title": "Panel to devise ways to check ration card info", "text": "NAGPUR: Under fire from high court (HC) due to large number of bogus ration cards in the state, the government has constituted a committee to devise a system wherein the income of the ration card applicant can be verified properly.The ten-member committee headed by principal secretary (civil supplies) has principal secretaries of law, information technology (IT), rural development and urban development as members. Deputy secretary (civil supplies) is the member secretary. The other members are director (civil supplies), director (economic and statistics), deputy commissioner (supplies) and deputy controller (ration cards).An official of civil supplies department told TOI that the department issued ration cards as per the criteria fixed in the government resolution (GR) issued in November 1999. However, while hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) filed in 2010, the HC recently asked the government as to whether it checked the income mentioned by the ration card applicant.\"We don't check income because it is very difficult. Most of the applicants are daily wage workers, hawkers, vendors, etc who do not have documents to prove their income. However, the HC said that due to the lacunae many people who did not belong to below poverty line (BPL) had managed to obtain a BPL ration card. Hence, we should find ways to check the income,\" the official said.Understating the income to get a BPL ration card is a widespread practice. This enables the cardholder to get food grains and kerosene at subsidized rates. In many cases, this is done with the help of touts and clerical staff of revenue department. The government can find out cases where income had been faked if it wants.In August 2010, Nagpur Zilla Parishad (ZP) had launched a special drive to identify families not eligible for subsidized food grains. Over 3,000 families were identified and the then chief executive officer (CEO) had directed the block development officers (BDOs) to take action against these families but his instructions were ignored, which indicates collusion at a higher level. Later, the directives of civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh too were ignored.When the pressure mounted, the BDOs reluctantly booked 10 persons while the actual number of offenders was 9,350. The issue reluctance of district's BDOs to act against illegal ration card holdersfinally reached the Mantralaya. In November 2010, the then rural development secretary warned the BDOs to take action or face criminal action. The secretary also issued instructions to panchayat samitis to start deleting names of bogus ration card holders from the BPL list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17150980", "title": "Drug peddlers back in Kozhikode in the guise of beggars", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Giving another challenge to the city police, drug peddlers are back in the murky corners of the city in the guise of beggars.The undercover rackets operate freely near bus stand, railway station and beach as the onlookers neglect the presence of these shabbily dressed persons. Concentrating on school premises, these drug peddlers turned alms-seekers target students to lure them into drug abuse, hoodwinking police and public alike.Low quality narcotic substances are brought from Mysore, Uttar Pradesh and Idukki by these operators for distribution among their target groups. Packing ganja in small packets, the drug distributers hide it in their rags to escape the police.Admitting it to be a difficult task to spot the drug sellers in rags, a police official said that they were planning to make use of CCTV visuals from Mananchira and Palayam to identify the culprits.\"We have already identified the presence of peddlers in the guise of beggars,\" said the police. Recently medical college police have arrested one person, identified as Mahalingam from Nagappattanam, with the help of shadow police.Apart from drug peddlers, thieves and aides of burglars also find safe haven in the city in the guise of beggars. Thieves and antisocial elements hover in the target locations and gather and pass on information regarding a particular house, bank or shop to their masters who monitor their movements.According to police, they find a safe location for watching their targets and examine human activities taking place at the spot continuously for a long period. These 'investigators', who mostly belong to burglary groups from Tamil Nadu, also find out the frequency with which police patrolling team visits a particular location.Besides, hardcore criminals, are also suspected to be roaming in the city in the guise of beggars. Such people, according to sources, concentrate near Kozhikode beach, Palayam, railway station and SM Street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150750", "title": "Crime branch to probe Abhay Gandhi case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The investigation of multi-crore Ponzi scam by Abhay Gandhi has been handed over to city crime branch on Thursday.Gandhi was caught earlier this month and was handed over to Satellite police station where the initial offence was registered. Satellite police had produced Gandhi in court and had also sought his remand till November 11. However, the transfer took place even before the remand period got over.D N Chavda, inspector of Satellite police station, said that Gandhi's custody and all the papers related to various cases registered so far have been handed over to the crime branch on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "aldona", "code": "17148759", "title": "Cops inspect project to verify locals' complaint on residential project", "text": "ALDONA: A residential project coming up in Naikawado, Aldona, has drawn flak from locals for including a swimming pool within its property and for a compound wall allegedly being built beyond its permissible height.Villagers have been opposing the swimming pool on grounds that the village already suffers from water shortages, and the pool will only eat into the water table.Resident Alex Soeiro also complained separately to the village panchayat that his ventilation was being blocked by the compound wall.On Thursday, a joint site inspection was undertaken by officials of the town and country planning (TCP) department with sarpanch Ujwala Kandolkar, panchayat secretary Clifton Azavedo, panch members and villagers in tow.\"How can the panchayat grant the NOC to construct when a resolution was taken at several, including the recent gram sabha, opposing the swimming pool?\" asked resident Nelson D'Cruz.Property owner Godfrey D'Souza said his project was legal. \"I have obtained all the required persimmons to go ahead with the project. Yes, I am building a swimming pool; it is legal, I have obtained permissions from the authorities concerned,\" he told TOI.TCP officials refused to divulge any information. But Kandolkar said, \"The (construction) has all the necessary permissions-heath NOC, electricity, permissions from TCP, conversion sanad from deputy collector. There is no ground for us to revoke our permission for now.\"She added, \"We will wait for the TCP report. If any violation is found, the panchayat will revoke the NOC to construct, as it is granted on condition that if any violation is found the panchayat has the right to revoke the NOC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17150066", "title": "10 officials of UP Handloom Corporation booked", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 10 officials of the Uttar Pradesh Handloom Corporation on Thursday were booked for their alleged involvement in a seven-year-old financial bungling case to the tune of Rs 10 crore. In his complaint, HR manager of the corporation, Sunil Srivastava, alleged that in 2005 the 10 officials bought low-quality handloom clothes worth Rs 10 crore without proper quality check and even sold it at low prices. A case has been registered in Kakadev police station, a police spokesman said.The state government had allotted Rs 40 crore in 2002 for the corporation. In 2005, it sanctioned Rs 10 crore for buying clothes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17152272", "title": "School syllabi to focus on practical skills", "text": "PUNE: The revamped curriculum for Std I to VIII of the Maharashtra state education board will have less text and more practical skills. Evaluation will be based on the daily performance of students and grades will replace marks.N K Jarag, director of the Maharashtra State Council of Education Research and Training (MSCERT), said on Thursday that the curriculum was prepared on the lines of the Dr Yashpal Committee report that stressed on learning without burden.MSCERT, the nodal agency of the state government, was given the responsibility of preparing the new curriculum for the eight classes. It promises to enhance scientific skills in students, aims to make them more inquisitive and encourages them to ask more questions, make observations and arrive at solutions to problems through discussion and research.Jarag said that at the lower primary level, the focus will be on developing the mother tongue and compulsory language of the students through elocution, interaction, reading and writing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17149790", "title": "Bhopal School of Social Science hostel still under danger of demolition", "text": "BHOPAL: Though, mayor Krishna Gaur announced on Wednesday that the design of the rail over-bridge (ROB) might be changed in an attempt to save the girl's hostel building of the Bhopal School of Social Science (BSSS), the decision will be finalized only after the inspection of the location.\"After this announcement, the corporation along with the construction company will inspect the place and only after this, it will be clear whether redesigning the ROB is feasible or not. The redesigning of the ROB will mean another six month's delay,\" municipal corporation officials said requesting anonymity.The educational institution had objected to the ROB design earlier this year as it would require demolition of the girl's hostel building of the BSSS.A curve of the rail over bridge is covering almost half acre land of the BSSS, college authorities said, adding that the BMC officials should have taken into consideration all these aspects before going ahead with the design. The bridge is a part of the 24 km long BRTS corridor stretching from Misrod to Bairagarh, which is being constructed under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17149387", "title": "Dravid bats for better sports culture in country", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former Indian cricket captain Rahul Dravid doled out a mantra to better the state of sports in the country. He said focus should shift from result to the process of sport that includes preparation and performance. \"We are obsessed with results and satisfied with mediocre ones. For top performers, results are merely consequences of processes, incidental to their quests for self-perfection,\" said Dravid at the Pradyumna Bal memorial lecture in the city.The cricketer said, \"Pure result-orientation and disproportionate hype-creation puts up a deceptive smokescreen over the issues that plague our sports administration. If we truly care about sports, like we claim we do, as a nation ready to take its place in the league of developed nations, we must make it possible for our best young talents to pursue sports and world class education at the same time.\"Giving the example of the American college sports system and South African cricket schools, Dravid said, \"Educational institutions are among the best locales to incubate talent whether of the mental sort or of physical. Better educated young athletes also make for brighter, more responsible and thoughtful athletes.\"Worried over the present phase through which the country is passing, Dravid said, \"Being loud, brash, aggressive and controversial are often seen as aspirational and this at a time when our country's crying need is integrity, humility, sensitivity and inclusiveness.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17151138", "title": "Turning deaf ear to cacophony", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite the fact that Bombay high court on Monday had directed Mumbai police to adhere Supreme Court order of 2005 to ensure firecrackers do not exceed a noise level of 125 dbh; neither the Jaipur police nor the firecracker dealers are serious about it. As many as 1200 licenses have been given to traders to sell firecrackers and everyone, including police is keeping a blind eye on the selling of firecrackers that exceed the prescribed limit by the apex court. It may be recalled that the Supreme Court order dated July 18, 2005 had laid down certain parameters to be followed by the distributors and license holders for the sale of firecrackers. It was also said that firecracker manufacturers need to mention the chemical composition and sound level of the firecracker.TOI on Thursday visited firecracker selling shops, including leading wholesaler and retailers to find out if firecrackers exceeding the prescribed by the Apex court. Most shops do not display the noise level or chemical composition on the boxes of the fire crackers.\"Most firecrackers cause massive noise pollution followed by air pollution. Every year much is been said on the ban on firecrackers having noise level of 125 dbh, but nobody actually takes it seriously. The police have granted more than 1200 licenses but they are not sincere to find if the sellers are complying to the norms,\" said an activist working for awareness on noise and air pollution.When contacted, LL Khunteta of Ram Narayan Chaturbhuj a wholesale dealer of firecrackers, said, \"We are selling the firecrackers which we import from Sivakasi and other parts of the country. Many of the branded fireworks companies have started mentioning the chemical composition and noise level.\"However, he was ignorant of the noise pollution limit prescribed by the Supreme Court. Likewise majority of the police officers responsible for the issuing of licenses are also ignorant towards any limit of sound pollution prescribed by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17151028", "title": "Del Potro blasts past Tipsarevic", "text": "LONDON: Argentina's Tower of Tandil -- Juan Martin Del Potro -- blasted past Serb Janko Tipsarevic 6-0, 6-4 in 1 hour and 15 minutes in a Group B clash of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals at The O2 Arena on Thursday.The 24-year-old sixth seed now has one win and one loss from his two matches.He had lost to David Ferrer in his opening match and will play Swiss Roger Federer in his last league engagement on Saturday.Del Potro, who beat the Swiss star the last time the two of them met in Basel two weeks ago, will need to beat the world No. 2 to make it to the knock-out stage of the competition.The Serb, who lost his opening league match to Federer, goes up against Spaniard Ferrer on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17151161", "title": "Close shave for 12 as boat capsizes", "text": "MUMBAI: Twelve people had a miraculous escape after an overcrowded fishing boat capsized in a creek at Satpati village in Palghar on Thursday morning.After the boat capsized, a couple of passengers helped the others reach the shore safely. Ajay Sindkar of the Satpati police station said the boat that was normally used to ferry passengers was not available due to repairs. Instead, a fishing boat was being used to transport locals.Around 7.30am, the boat left Satpati for Murbhe with 12 people on board. Sources said the vessel was meant for only five persons. As the boat came close to a trawler, the passengers panicked and started moving around dangerously; the boat started swaying and then capsized.Two passengers, Haresh Paghdare (35) and Kanti Patil (20), managed to stay afloat and helped rescue the others. Vanita Chaudhary (42) fell unconscious and was taken to the Satpati public hospital. The police said action would be taken against the owner of the fishing boat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17153396", "title": "US announce new measures to tighten sanctions against Iran", "text": "WASHINGTON: Tightening its noose around Iran, the United States has announced a set of targeted sanctions against 17 Iranian individuals and entities related to the country's alleged human rights violations.Within days of its re-election, the Obama administration has rolled out three set of targeted sanctions against Iran.\"Today's designations further demonstrate our resolve to put a stop to the Iranian regime's continued efforts to deny the Iranian people access to information and the ability to speak freely,\" said the Under secretary for terrorism and financial intelligence David Cohen yesterday.The first being targeting a range of actors, five entities, including Iranian government entities, and four individuals, including government officials, who are responsible for serious human rights abuses in Iran, particularly those related to disrupting the Iranian people's freedom to assemble, freedom to access information and freedom to speak.At the same time, the Obama Administration is providing a report to the Congress on a strategy to promote internet freedom in Iran, a senior Treasury official told reporters during a conference call.The latest American action coincide with amendments to the Iranian Financial Sanctions Regulations, 31 CFR Part 561, which further strengthen financial sanctions against the Iranian government and fulfill a number of requirements set forth in the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (TRA), which was signed into law by the President on August 10, 2012.The Obama Administration has designated the National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC), which US officials said is an agent or affiliate of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153308", "title": "Brahmanandam apologises to Brahmin community", "text": "In a nobel gesture, actor Brahmanandam has apologized to the Brahmin community in matters related to the 'objectionable scenes' in Deniakaina Ready on Thursday. The community leaders appealed the actor not to be part of the films which degrade their community and the actor was quick to respond.The ace comedian said that his intention was to entertain and never to hurt the sentiments of the people and expresses regret if he has done so. Brahmi further adds that he has made a conscious attempt to turn down playing such roles. \"I sincerely apologize if my role has hurt the sentiments of any individual or community. I have purposefully cut down playing such roles in the recent past,\" said Brahmanandam.\"On the other hand, in a major setback to Mohan Babu, the committee appointed by state government to review the film, has declared that there are few 'objectionable scenes' in the film that hurt the religious sentiments. A detailed report will be submitted to the government on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17149465", "title": "Police moot GPS device to track erring autos", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The commissionerate of police in Bhubaneswar wants GPS-enabled vehicle tracking devices installed in city auto-rickshaws to keep a watch on drivers.A software service provider demonstrated the function and effectiveness of the device at the office of the commissioner of police here last week. \"The device has good features. The service provider informed us that the technology is being used in autos in Delhi. We are exploring the feasibility of implementing it here,\" DCP Nitinjeet Singh told TOI.\"If it works out, we will set up a control room from where we can monitor the movement of autos. In case any erring driver absconds after committing crime, we can easily trace him,\" Singh said. \"It will also help us tracking stolen autos,\" he added.No less than 17,000 autos ply in the city at present. In the recent past, the capital city has witnessed a number of crimes in which auto drivers have been involved. Nearly fifteen auto drivers were arrested on charges of murders, thefts, passenger harassment and forging identity cards in the last one year.The commissionerate police has already made identity cards mandatory for auto drivers in the city. They need to wear them around their neck and also keep them pasted at the backside of their seat facing the passengers. The idea was to provide detailed information about the drivers to the passengers. For obtaining identity cards, a driver has to apply to traffic police by furnishing his license, transport papers and permits. Police sources said they have so far created a database of nearly 15,000 auto drivers. Detailed information about a \"real\" driver can be got by a click of a button, police said.To streamline autos, police last week introduced prepaid auto-rickshaw service at the railway station and Biju Patnaik Airport in Bhubaneswar. A committee would be formed, consisting of representatives of different departments, to finalize the routes, parking lots and rate chart, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17150777", "title": "Bus ferrying 30 girl students overturns", "text": "LUDHIANA: Two students were seriously hurt when a bus ferrying 30 odd girls to a government school in Sahnewal turned turtle, injuring all on board, on Thursday morning. While 13 students are admitted to civil hospital, the remaining were discharged after the first-aid.Sources in police said, \"The girls, students of classes XI and XII, were going to the school when the accident took place. The bus driver, Sukhchain Singh Gill, was driving rashly. The students had asked him to slow down, but he paid no heed to their requests.\"When the driver was trying to overtake a truck near Mundian, the bus went out of control and overturned. It was being driven at such a high speed that it skidded for some meters and hit a central verge after turning turtle. Manpreet, Sarabjeet, Gurvinder Kaur, Mandeep, Taranveer Kaur, Harinder Kaur, Kamaljeet Kaur, Rajni, Ramandeep Kaur, Amandeep Kaur, Sandeep Kaur and Komal are admitted to the hospital.Gurvinder and Sarabjeet, who received head injuries, were later referred to Christian Medical College and Hospital.The driver is under treatment at a private hospital. \"We have registered a case against the driver for rash driving on the complaint of girls,\" said additional deputy commissioner of police Naresh Sharma.\"A Tata 407 (mini truck) was converted into a bus. It is a private one,\" Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149018", "title": "Trade fair open to public from November 19", "text": "NEW DELHI: India Trade Promotion Organisation, the organizers of India International Trade Fair 2012, have informed that the fair will be open to general visitors only during November 19-27.The fair will begin on November 14 at Pragati Maidan, but will remain restricted to B2B customers until November 18. The fair this year will have the theme 'skilling India'. Belarus is the partner country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17151555", "title": "Diwali Bazaar to market SHG products", "text": "DHARWAD: A three-day Diwali Bazaar will be set up by NGO IDF- SHG Federation at Vanavasi Ram Mandir on Station Road here from Friday. The Nabard-supported Bazaar will highlight the work of women entrepreneurs from SHGs from across Dharwad district through the marketing initiative.IDF-SHG Federation chairperson Mrutyunjay Korimath said north Karnataka, with Hubli-Dharwad being the centre, is rich in handmade arts and crafts. The bazaar will have around 35 stalls, wherein women entrepreneurs sell their wares.Apart from, lifestyle products, food products like pickles, masala powders, sweets, vermicelli, etc, will be sold.\"Last year, an average of 750 people visited the bazaar daily, bringing the daily sales of up to Rs 38,000. This year, an average of 850 people are expected to push the sales to Rs 50,000. In addition to last year's stalls, there will be a Kai Krafts stall selling Kasuti products made by Kasuti artisans. Kai Krafts is an initiative of IDF, which aims at promoting the dying art forms of north Karnataka. There will also be a stall that sells pottery deepas,\" he said.The ninth edition of the Diwali Bazaar is the first bazaar of its kind to be hosted by IDF Federation in Dharwad. IDF is an umbrella organization of the IDF FSPL ( Financial Services Pvt Ltd) and IDF SHG Federation. \"The Bazaar is a platform for SHGs to produce and market their products. We expect more participation this year,\" said Mruthunjaya.The federation facilitates better credit facilities and offers technical and financial services to women who are below-poverty line. It also offers support services for promoting livelihoods and insurance services to SHG members.The federation is planning to undertake skill-development and micro-enterprise development programmes in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149162", "title": "Saurabh Bramhankar: His mom stitched clothes to make him engineer", "text": "NAGPUR: The tenth convocation of Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT) was a matter of pride for everyone associated. For the institute, 10 successful batches with improved academics and infrastructure was an achievement. For top-notchers, it was the pride of the place. For some underprivileged students though, just being in race and reaching there itself was an achievement.Meet Saurabh Bramhankar who graduated in chemical engineering and wants to change the face of 'refineries' by redesigning the process. BTech from VNIT was a big achievement for him. It was more so for his parents. His mother wanted to hug his son and pour her heart out. But unfamiliar with protocol, she stood speechless with tears rolling down her cheeks. \"My mother stitched clothes to generate money both for my fees and my comfort. My father stood by me every time I looked up to him. They gave me the wings to fly against all odds,\" said an obviously delighted Saurabh, working with Engineers India Limited, a PSU.Saurabh considers himself lucky he got free education in a Navodaya Vidyalaya, reached an NIT, and finally became an engineer. He wanted to get to an IIT and take coaching at Kota. \"Probably that was not in my fate. No regrets. Ultimately self-study paid off. My parents did their best for me. I will do my best to fulfil their dreams. I will work hard and excel in my job and reach the top,\" he said.His mother, an extremely humble woman, said, \"I had a dream to see Saurabh's photo in a newspaper. He had been a good student and an achiever always but somehow missed the opportunity. Hope his photo appears in your newspaper tomorrow.\"Story of Nikhil Narayane is even more touching. His father Bharat, an auto driver, had to sell his house and the auto to raise money for tuition fees for his AIEEE coaching. Though he had the advantage of getting a seat through quota, he is against caste based quotas. He admits he reached here through reservation. But says the sense of achievement would be higher had he the money to buy books, pay fees and then compete. He already has a job in ACC Ltd and the money. But the respect he gets from his community as an engineer is more rewarding to him.\"Instead, reservation should be there for economically backward people. I was disturbed by the struggle my parents were undergoing when I was studying. We were rendered homeless when my father had to sell the house and his auto to pay off the loan. But it didn't deter me or my father. We bought a house in a slum and a second hand auto and yet got here,\" said Nikhil while remembering to thank his friends who helped him financially in times of need and shared books and notes.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17152129", "title": "A super-Earth found that is just right to support life", "text": "LONDON: Astronomers have discovered a new super-Earth planet around a nearby star that may have an Earth-like climate and be just right to support life. The new planet exists in the habitable zone of a nearby star and is part of a six-planet system. The system was previously thought to contain three planets in orbits too close to the star to support liquid water.By avoiding fake signals caused by stellar activity, the researchers have identified three new super-Earth planet candidates also in orbit, 'Astrobiology .com' reported.\"We pioneered new data analysis techniques including the use of the wavelength as a filter to reduce the influence of activity on the signal from this star,\" Mikko Tuomi from the University of Hertfordshire, said. This significantly increased our sensitivity and enabled us to reveal three new super-Earth planets around the star known as HD 40307, making it into a sixplanet system,\" Tuomi said.Of the new planets, the one of greatest interest is the one with the outermost orbit from the star \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with a mass at least seven times of the Earth. Its orbit around the host star is at a similar distance to Earth's orbit around our Sun, so it receives a similar amount of energy from the star \u00e2\u20ac\u201d increasing the probability of it being habitable. This is where the presence of liquid water and stable atmospheres to support life is possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17149905", "title": "IRCTC serves Tatkal jokes on Twitter", "text": "LUCKNOW: Indian Railway's official Internet booking site Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited (IRCTC) found itself on the wrong side of wit on Thursday when Twitterati jumped to mock the largest e-commerce business in India.After a series of stories done by TOI and regular displeasure shown by passengers, IRCTC had announced many changes which included upgradation of servers, change in rules etc. But, the apathy remains the same as passengers are finding it tough to get tickets booked through the website.Twitter, on Thursday, was suddenly flooded with 'IRCTC jokes' as the hashtag IRCTC became one of the trending topics in India. An interesting message to Sachin Tendulkar by @Joydas says, \"Dear Sachin, scoring century against Railways is not a big deal - Try booking a Ticket in IRCTC once.\"@NamanSr tweets, \"The most valid excuse for coming late to office. A team mate emailed - 'Booking ticket on IRCTC. Will be a bit late.'\"Describing the scene in the morning when Tatkal booking 'seconds' starts, @viswakiran tweets \"The real competition in India is not seen during IITJEE, CAT or UPSC. It's seen every morning at 10am.\"A section of prank-stars wanted Arvind Kejriwal to show some interest in digging up the IRCTC servers. \"Dear Arvind Kejriwal, I would vote for you in the coming elections if you fix #IRCTC website,\" was retweeted many times.While IRCTC officials blame it on the miss-match between demand and supply, server breakdown has been seen as a major problem faced by the users. Although server capacity has been increased and Railways has changed the Tatkal timings, the festive season proves a major test as general category seats are not available in most of the trains. Responding to a query by a user on repeated 'service not available' messages, IRCTC's twitter handle tweeted in February, \"There are hundreds of Railway ticket counters across the country and lakhs of people trying on site. So, it is normal.\" Seems, that holds true even today! Interestingly, two tweets after that, IRCTC's twitter handle has been dormant.The inconvenience in booking a ticket from Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited (IRCTC) has been in the headlines since long but nothing substantial has been worked up yet. As @ankurvohra sums up, \"I loved travelling by train but in came IRCTC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17150258", "title": "Chhattisgarh leader Mahendra Karma escapes Naxal attack", "text": "RAIPUR: Mahendra Karma , the Congress leader who spearheaded the controversial anti-Naxalite movement Salwa Judum, survived an attack by the Maoists on Thursday.The landmine attack on his motorcade took place around 9.40am when Karma was going to Barsur in Dantewada district of Chhattisgarh. As the landmine hit the front portion of the bullet-proof vehicle, Karma escaped unhurt. But four people, including his security personnel, were injured in the blast.Police said the Maoists had specifically targeted the fourth vehicle in the convoy in which Karma was travelling. Police suspected that the Maoist had prior information about Karma's movement.Karma has been given \"Z-plus\" security cover since past several years. \"I am in the hit-list of the Maoists. In the past also, the Maoists had attacked me. Despite threats, I will continue to fight Naxalites,\" Karma told reporters at the Dantewada district hospital where he underwent a medical checkup. Later, Karma was airlifted to Raipur for treatment as he complained of mild chest pain.The 60-year-old tribal leader was a former minister in the Ajit Jogi cabinet. He had also served as opposition leader in the Chhattisgarh assembly after the 2003 polls. The former Dantewada MLA lost the 2008 assembly election when BJP swept 10 out of the 11 seats in Bastar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17149372", "title": "Nalco-affected villagers demand speedy development", "text": "KORAPUT: Alleging massive irregularities in the peripheral development programme initiated by Navratna PSU, National Aluminium Company Limited (Nalco) situated at Damanjodi in the district, locals have demanded a time bound development of peripheral villages.Hundreds of local people, under the banner Nalco Neglected Periphery People Association (NNPPA), submitted a memorandum to company officials recently in this regard.\"About 150 villages of four blocks have been directly affected by Nalco's mines and refinery unit. While a majority of the affected villages are still without proper road connectivity, schools, hospitals, drinking water facilities and electricity, the company is spending the fund meant for peripheral development in urban areas situated several kilometers away from the company in the district and outside,\" alleged president of NNPPA Ludra Santa.\"We have approached the officials concerned about it several times, but to no avail. This time we are determined and demand a time bound development of the peripheral villages or else we will resort to mass agitation,\" he said.According to the association, owing to increasing pollution caused by Nalco units, people residing in peripheral villages have often been falling ill and special medical attention should be given to these villages. Spending the peripheral development fund only in the company affected areas, establishment of technical schools in these areas, increasing the peripheral development fund from two to five per cent of profit of Nalco and permanent jobs at Nalco for displaced families are a few of the demands, among others, listed in the memorandum submitted to company officials.When contacted, a senior official of the PSU said the company has taken several measures for the development of peripheral villages and the demands listed in the memorandum will be looked into and necessary action will be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150708", "title": "Power offer lacks political wisdom: Sunil Jakhar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Reacting to deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal's statement about offering power to Pakistan during his visit to Lahore , leader of opposition in Punjab assembly Sunil Jakhar said it depicts \"immaturity\" on political as well as administrative ground.\"It is not the prerogative of any state government run by a regional party to go ahead with such deals with any other country without getting the proposals vetted by the Union ministries of home and foreign affairs. East and west Punjab don't share any power transmission line and such an offer lacks political as well as administrative wisdom,\" said Jakhar.Jakhar said the state had not been able to ensure even six-hour supply to the farmers as well as schools in rural areas last year. He added that even now supply is confined to 8 hours a day. \"Many industries had shifted to other states due to poor power supply that resulted in shutdowns twice a week. Cotton ginning and pressing factories can't be run round-the-clock due to shortage of power. The deputy chief minister talks of textile hub in Malwa region and has false dreams for making Punjab power surplus state by next year,\" the Congress leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17151435", "title": "Heavy rains dampen trial run of mobile incinerator", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Persistent rains lashing the capital city for the past few days stymied the efficiency testing of the mobile incinerator, touted as an immediate remedy to the garbage crisis, on Thursday too. The attempts by the Suchitwa Mission authorities to run the incinerator for a full shift of eight hours did not yield the desired results. Though the plan was to process over eight tonnes of garbage at the rate of one tonne per hour, not even two tonnes of garbage could be processed.On Thursday, the incinerator was operated at Connemara Market at Palayam. The machine was switched on around 7am.Remains of vegetables, fish and meat were loaded into the incinerator for processing by 9am. But it took several hours for the incinerator to process the waste. However, the Suchitwa Mission authorities are still optimistic. Executive director of Suchitwa Mission George Chackacherry said that there was no need to worry. \"It is new machinery and it needs its own time to rise to its full capacity. We have still got more than three weeks before the incinerator becomes fully operational. By then, we will resolve all the shortcomings,\" he said.Meanwhile, a corporation official who supervised the trial run seemed skeptical about the machine's capability. \"Going by the progress it has been showing, I don't think the incinerator can provide a permanent solution to the present garbage crisis in the city,\" he said on condition of anonymity.He said that it was for the fourth consecutive day the incinerator had failed to rise up to its standards.\"The garbage crisis demands an immediate solution. We cannot afford to spend weeks for its trial run after spending huge money,\" he added.Sundaresan, a trader at the Connemara Market, said that continuing the trial run in inclement weather might even damage the incinerator.\"The authorities have been repeatedly committing the same error of feeding the incinerator with wet garbage for processing. The machine is taking too much time to burn the garbage. Fuel consumption is also beyond the expected level,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17148990", "title": "Man gets five years jail for abetting to wife's suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: Ad-hoc district and sessions judge KL Vyas on Monday sentenced a man to five year's jail after finding him guilty for his wife's suicide. Janki Waghmare, 21, had committed suicide on May 9 just 42 days after she had tied the nuptial knot with Babulal. Babulal allegedly used to harass his wife for dowry.Babulal was charged with Sections 498(A) of Indian Penal Code (IPC) for torturing wife. He was also slapped with Section 306 of IPC for abetting to suicide. The court, convicting Babulal under Section 498(A) IPC, sentenced him to two years of rigorous imprisonment with additional three months in case of defaulting in paying a fine of Rs 2,000. Babulal has also been sentenced to five years jail term and additional six months in case of default in paying a fine of Rs 3,000.An offence against Babulal, who worked as menial labourer, was registered at Kalamna police station after Janki's parents approached the cops following the death of their daughter. It has come to fore that Janki had cried before her parents complaining of harassment by Babulal when she had visited them at her native place at Parsodi in Kelvad. She had said that Babulal was demanding a gold ring which they had promised him during marriage. Janki had complained of being mentally and physically tortured by Babulal. It was also learnt that Babulal had tortured and drove away his first wife too.On the day of the incident, Janki had consumed poison at her husband's place at Kamgar Nagar. Babulal had informed Janki's parents that she suffered from a cardiac arrest. Janki's parents rushed her to Mayo Hospital where she was declared brought dead.Additional public prosecutor Satish P Rode said that five witnesses were examined before the court. \"The prosecution had made a strong case which we could also prove during the trial,\" he said. Addl PP Rode said that the court has observed that such cases need to be handled with no leniency as that might send out a wrong message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17150655", "title": "Melkote to Hollywood, a dream comes true", "text": "BANGALORE: Commuting between the pilgrim centre of Melkote in Mandya district to his school in Srirangapatna, K Raghunandan, 30, had dreamt of launching an international platform.Twenty years later, his dreams are being fulfilled. On November 10, ten days after Kannada Rajyotsava, he will launch a website www.wraters.com, a registered company, in California. He feels this was borne out of his keen interest in social networking in entertainment and filmdom.His fascination for the entertainment industry drew him to graduate in business and management in entertainment (2010-2011) from the University of California , Los Angeles. \"The website, I feel, will be a great opportunity for Hollywood filmmakers to review and rate screenplay as well as seek our professional review team to provide Hollywood wider visibility. It will be an interactive site,\" he said.\"I always wanted to be in movies. I assisted personalities like Prakash Belawadi when I was working in Lucent Technologies. That's when I decided that I needed to educate myself on the creative side. I finished my filmmaking programme from New York and moved to Los Angeles for a business management programme that was customized for the entertainment industry. It was during my internship in 1984 with a major production house that I realized my potential in the field. That's how my journey started,\" he said.He said he had nurtured a dream to return to his hometown and do something for the Indian entertainment industry. If God permits, I will extend my efforts in India's larger-than-life celluloid canvas,'' he said.Born in 1981 in Melkote, Raghunandan excelled in academics with dreams of having his own company. He waited till he gained confidence through experience in Sun Micro Systems, Motorola mobile software and went on to lead a team in Lucent Technologies before going to the US. He currently works as director, development executive of an Ashcroft group-funded company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17151079", "title": "Rajasthan HC asks for sat image to identify centre of nullah", "text": "JAIPUR: Lpresent width of the nullah to demarcate the central line. The bench has asked state government to file a google satellite map from 1981 till date on Friday so that the controversy surrounding the central line can be narrowed down.\"It was contended by the government on Thursday that the central line is still a bone of contention and the same could not be demarcated easily. At this we have suggested to have satellite images that could be superimposed on the available position to find out the correctness of central line,\" said P C Bhandari, counsel for petitioner Jago Janta Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17149982", "title": "First lot of smart card driving licences to be issued from January in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: The transport department will start issuing Smart Card DLs from January in select districts and from April in the entire state. The scheme will be implemented in seven phases in all districts. On Thursday, a tripartite contract was signed by UP government, NICSI and NIC, in the presence of transport minister Raja Mahendra Aridaman Singh.In the first phase, scheme will be implemented in ten districts including Lucknow, Kanpur, Ghaziabad, Agra, Meerut, Jhansi, Allahabad, Barabanki, Varanasi and Aligarh, on January 9, 2013. In the rest of the districts, it will be implemented by April 2013. The applicants will have to personally come to the RTO to get the smart card DL.The new tamper-proof DL will be a plastic card embedded with a microprocessor chip of 64KB memory. The chip will have all details about the DL-holder stored in it, including biometrics.The software has been provided by NIC to many of the state transport departments, UP being one, free of cost. It will make possible back-end automation of RTO and front-end computerization to enable issuing of smart card DL. Under this, DL database will be created and different queries and reports will be possible on this data base.One of the major benefits of the scheme could be cutting down of time required in issuing a DL. The applicants visiting the RTO office with forms and documents might get the new DL the same day.The applicants, after they submit the required papers at the counter, will be photographed then and there. Their biometrics (biological data) -- thumb impression and signature will be recorded on the computerised database and chip. To get a smart card, applicant will have to be present in the RTO office physically. This might check the role of touts as well.At present, new users will get it. However the existing DL-holders can also take the new age DL by paying the fee. The responsibility of approving the documents, collecting fee and delivering the card will rest with the RTO. However, information will be gathered by NICSI. Meanwhile, DL-holders applying for renewal or a duplicate license, however, will get the smart card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153694", "title": "Homecoming on Deepavali", "text": "Deepavali is not just one of the biggest festivals in India, but is also an occasion for a big get together. Arjun Narayan finds out different home coming experiences across cities.When the monsoon gives way to the multi-coloured hues of autumn, the air is filled with saccharine festive fragrances. The nine days of Navratri set the right tempo for the big bang that is to follow and when the countdown to Deepavali begins, a wave of joy and excitement can be felt everywhere.From the pages of mythology, we know that Ram, Sita and Lakshman returned to their home in Ayodhya after 14 years of exile on this da and thus began the festival of lights. This very legend has made Deepavali a time to return home. Most of the people plan their breaks to visit their hometown around this time. Regardless of the strata one belongs to in the society, the home factor rouses pleasant emotions. Students, working professionals, merchants and immigrant labourers make a beeline at points of departure in the cities across the country to get back home. Travel agents become sought after and desperate attempts go on to for the homebound journey. Ashok Banker, the author of the popular series on the Ramayana says that the idea of homecoming during Deepavali is closely linked to the seasonal factors, besides that of the festival. \"As the winter gets severe, it becomes difficult to travel and people are cut off from their friends. Hence people have this post-harvest festival to meet their friends and relatives. This is seen not just in India, but also in Europe, where they celebrate Halloween ,\" says Ashok.For many, like Shobhit Agarwal, a Bangalore-based IT professional, it is an occasion to get back to a familiar ground. \"Bangalore is a multi-cultural city and I feel at home here. But then, everyone longs for his home ground and I make it a point to visit my ancestral home in Kanpur every year during Deepavali. I go home once in a year and hence this festival becomes all the more special for me. With all the memories attached to it, it has become the most awaited festival for me,\" he says.It is this family grounded aspect of bonding and coming together that makes Deepavali very different from other festivals like, say Holi. \"I think Holi is more of a festival you celebrate with friends. But the Deepavali holidays are reserved for the family and that is what makes it so special. For people like me who are living away from home, it gives an opportunity to catch up with old friends and relatives,\" says Nikita Sharma, a Chennai-based HR professional. All the rituals associated with Deepavali, such as drawing Rangolis, preparing sweets, lighting lamps and pujas are invariably closely-knit and familycentric activities. \"Today, we do not even get to see our parents and siblings as everyone works in a different city. This is the right time to get back home and the sense of security the idea of home evokes cannot be explained,\" says Nikita. As the festivities draw to a close and people return to their workplaces, another wait begins to fly back home as autumn gives way to winter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17149880", "title": "Meters in Indore, Bhopal to keep tabs on sound pollution", "text": "BHOPAL: In order to make real time monitoring of rising noise pollution levels in two major cities of Madhya Pradesh, the MP Pollution Control Board (MPPCB) in assistance with its central counterpart is coming up with noise level monitor meters in Bhopal and Indore.The chairman of the MPPCB, NP Shukla told TOI that in keeping with ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) proposal over noise level monitor meters, five such meters would be placed in Bhopal and Indore each.The criteria of selecting places of installing noise level monitor meters would be based on the pollution level including the busiest areas of any city like the major intersections. Though, the proposal is at a preliminary stage now, it is expected to materialise by March end next year, he added.The noise level monitor meters at major intersections of the two main cities would get instant feedback of noise pollution level that in return would help taking steps required to control it.Besides, the meters would also be attached to a display screen visible to commuters in order to create awareness about noise pollution among masses. It will keep on flashing the level of noise pollution, the officials added.Horn honking, runningengines real culpritThe unwanted honking of horn and the sound of the engines of lakhs of vehicles running on the city roads are contributing to sound pollution in a big way. The blaring of loudspeakers during the festivities of Ganesha and Navratri and Diwali further adds to the decibel label. The level of the pollution is alarming at busy city squares and market places. More than 8,47,680 vehicles are registered in Bhopal alone. Of these, 5,97,297 are two-wheelers and the remaining four-wheelers. And this number is constantly growing at a rapid pace. Official records suggest that around 77,701 vehicles have been registered in Bhopal in the past one year till September. Of these, around 56,458 is the count of two-wheelers registered during the period and the remaining the four-wheelers.Times ViewNoise pollution in cities like Bhopal and Indore has already assumed alarming proportions. The absence of silent zones has further aggravated the situation. The areas around schools, hospitals and other establishments, sensitive to sound pollution, are the immediate victims to the incessant honking of horns and blaring of loudspeakers. But the major cause of concern is that the government is actually turning a deaf ear to the problem. The authorities concerned should take up the issue with alacrity and initiate steps to check the menace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17148627", "title": "Need to protect ecology, conservationist George Schaller says", "text": "World-renowned mammalogist and conservationist George Schaller , who visited Goa recently, expressed his delight to be in the region. Schaller has spent more than half a century as one of the planet's most powerful voices for wildlife conservationist, and has played a role in saving some of the world's most endangered landscapes and species.Speaking to TOI at Candolim, he said, \"I have never been to this part of India. I was delighted to see the beautiful land of Goa for the first time. There is a need to protect and conserve the environment, ecology and bio-diversity on a priority basis if we want to live a happy and prosperous life, and for posterity.\" He further said, \"I am extremely anxious to see and explore the varied facets of Goa's bio-diversity and ecology. By protecting and conserving wildlife, we are strengthening our present and future.\"Among his greatest achievements is the conservation of the endangered gorillas of the dense forests in Africa, as well as of giant pandas in the Tibetan region. He has been awarded several prizes for his work. Working as a senior conservationist at the Wildlife conservation society and vice-president of Panthera, he has initiated a number of conservation efforts and expeditions around the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17151766", "title": "World Bank tests water in IIM-C", "text": "KOLKATA: It's an offer that Indian Institute of Management-Calcutta has been waiting for long. The World Bank finally came calling and picked up three students for internship \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the first time ever in India.The lucky three \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rishubh Jyrwah, Rohit Murthy and Jayant Kharote \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will spend two months with the Bank, either in New York or Mumbai, for a stipend of $10,000 each (around Rs 5.4 lakh).IIM-C , which is believed to be one of the best financial institutes in the world, has always been a favourite recruiting ground for banks and investment companies. While students are elated with the World Bank entry, placement chairperson Krishanu Rakshit was more guarded in his reaction.\"I believe the World Bank is scouting for talents. They could be testing India. They usually go to business schools in the US for recruitment. This is the first time that the World Bank has come to India, at least on record . If they return to the campus next summer, I will be elated . At the moment, I shall wait for them to return the next placement season,\" Rakshit said.The interns, obviously, are elated. \"This was one profile everyone had an eye for. I had put it above all other bank offers. I am still trying to find words to express my feelings. Internship with the World Bank will give us the right kind of start that will secure a good future. The role they have offered suits me. I will be working on the analysis of their investment in hedge funds, private equities and real estate funds,\" Kharote said.Murthy, an engineer from NIT Warangal, still seems to be in a state of daze. \"Before coming to study in IIM-C , I had worked with investment bank Morgan and Stanley in Mumbai for four years. I have an interest in finance and World Bank was offering a role in financial instrument. It has to do with the structuring of financial products and working on valuations. It also involves working with their accounting system. I am looking forward to it. My family is thrilled.\"Top banks flock to IIM-CJyrwah said he had always wanted to work with WB. \"IIM-C is the finance capital among all Bschools . It is still giving me a thrill to know that I will be among the first Indian students to work with World Bank,\" he said.In just two days of recruitment, more than 230 offers have been made to IIM-C students.\"Despite the bleak economic scenario, IIM-C witnessed participation from a number of major banks. International offers came from Bank of America, Merrill Lynch, Nomura and HSBC,\" said external relations secretary of IIM-C Ashwin Murthy.Other banks that hired from the campus include JP Morgan Chase, Barclays Capital, Royal Bank of Scotland , Credit Suisse, Standard Chartered, and Rothschild . \"Private Equity firms were not to be left behind with Macquarie Infrastructure Fund recruiting exclusively from the campus. India Alternatives and Mizuho securities, the third largest investment bank in Japan, were some other names which picked up students, reinstating the stature of IIMC as the finance campus of the country ,\" Murthy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17148901", "title": "Dowry death? Councillor kills baby, hangs herself", "text": "NEW DELHI: She won the municipal elections but was far from empowered. Satyam Yadav, a 26-year-old Congress councillor from Nangloi in west Delhi, strangled her one-and-a-half-year-old daughter before killing herself on Thursday because her husband's family allegedly wanted Rs 10 lakh and a Honda City car.Satyam, a post-graduate in English, was found hanging from the ceiling fan of her bedroom on the morning of her birthday. Her daughter, Vanshika, lay unconscious and later died in hospital. Satyam had been elected to the North Delhi Municipal Corporation from Nangloi East.Police have registered a case of dowry death (304b IPC) against her in-laws. Cases of murder (of the child), subjecting a woman to cruelty (498a) and breach of trust (406) have also been filed. Satyam's father-in-law is a small-time Congress leader.In-laws deny dowry chargeSatyam Yadav's brother, Prashant Singh, who is employed in an NDMC school in Chanakyapuri, has, however, refused to accept that her sister committed suicide. \"My sister was facing harassment at the residence of her in-laws who were demanding a Honda City car and Rs 10 lakh cash. When we told them we cannot pay up, they murdered her and my niece,'' he claimed.Police have dismissed talk that Satyam had left behind a suicide note blaming certain individuals for her death. They said they would wait for the postmortem report to ascertain the daughter's cause of death. \"We are not speculating on the sequence of events and, therefore, not ruling out the involvement of a third person. As is customary in cases where a wo8man dies within seven years of marriage, an SDM inquiry has been ordered. Satyam got married in February 2010,\" said additional CP (west) V Renganathan.The councillor's husband, Pawan Yadav, a teacher at an MCD school, remained unavailable for comment. His family members, however, refuted Singh's allegations and said Satyam was not on good terms with her brother. \"They never visited each other's house after the first six months of her marriage,\" said a Yadav family member. \"We were very close to Satyam,\" said her father-in-law Lalaram Yadav. \"She was a good girl and showed no signs of stress even on Wednesday, when she touched my feet before going to sleep. We have never ill-treated her.\"Prashant claimed the latest round of tension began on Wednesday, when his brother went to Satyam's place in Nangloi to invited her to a function at her parent's house in Bulandshahr, UP. \"It was the naming ceremony of my son. My brother Nishant came from Bulandshahr to take Satyam home. Satyawati Yadav, her mother-in-law, asked us to get the cash or forget about Satyam,\" claimed Prashant, adding that Satyawati even tore off the invitation letter that Nishant brought with him.Locals claimed they heard heated exchanges between Satyam and her husband on Wednesday night. Pawan told cops that he, along with Satyam and their daughter, lived on the second floor of the house at Ahir Mohalla near Nangloi police station. However, on Wednesday night, he slept with his mother on the first floor because she wasn't feeling well. \"Pawan said he last spoke to his wife at 11.30pm before going down to attend to his mother,\" a police officer said.On Thursday morning, he came upstairs and knocked on the door but did not get any response. Thinking Satyam was fatigued and wanted to sleep a little more, he decided not to disturb her. Half an hour later, his sister Dolly too got no response. Suspecting something amiss, Pawan broke open the door and saw Satyam hanging from the fan with the help of her chunni, police said.The family took the child to Satyavama Hospital before calling cops. She was later declared dead.Hukum Chand, the area SDM who is probing the case, said he was recording the statements of family members and would soon sent necessary instructions to police. The postmortem of Satyam and her daughter was carried out at Sanjay Gandhi Hospital in the evening. Her family took her body back to Indira Nagar in Bulandshahr in the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17150775", "title": "Two held for drug peddling", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police arrested two people on charges of drug peddling on Thursday. They also recovered 110 grams of smack from the accused, Kiran Bala alias Manna of Hargobind Nagar and Rajvir Singh alias Sunny of Dholewal. Sources said the woman's family is involved in drug peddling.Additional deputy commissioner of police Nilambari Jagdale said Kiran is the daughter of Brijlal alias Birju who has 15 cases registered against him under the NDPS Act and gambling. Her brother Mohan Lal has 10 cases registered against him, her sister Suman Bala is booked in one such case while Sumana??s husband Rajinder Kumar alias Billi has 10 cases against him.According to the ADCP, Kiran hid the contraband in her clothes. Acting on a tip off, women police officials apprehended the accused with smack and Rs 30,000. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153133", "title": "People are more interested in my personal life: Ameesha", "text": "Ameesha Patel talks about the 'special' qualities she brings to a brand, Sanjay Dutt and equation with Kunal GoomerSuddenly we see you in hoardings and newspaper advertisements all over. What sunglasses are these that you are promoting? An unexploited territory! (smiles) People have been foolish not to have me as a brand ambassador so far. Shah Rukh Khan, Katrina Kaif and many others look amazing in what they are doing but there is also an Ameesha who has certain qualities, which she brings to a brand that others cannot.Such as ? People have often complimented me on my flawless skin and lovely hair. Glamstar had the guts to come to me. Perhaps they had seen me wearing different sunglasses and they look good on me. I knew they would go all out with the propaganda. (pauses)Go on... You need to pump in a lot of money if you really want a brand to register. It wouldn't have happened if I were the brand ambassador for a soap.But where are these glares available? People hardly find them...only a shop in Bandra had a few pairs... Soon they would be available in malls and bigger stores. They will take time to break into every shop.Some say that these sunglasses don't exist... Itna paisa kisike paas nahin ki pagal jaise bahata jaye. Try to understand. There are few exclusive outlets right now. After gauging the response, the availability will be increased. Our target audience is school and college kids. Glamstar is a New Delhi based company.There are rumours about Kunal Goomer funding these ads. And also about a friend in Pune... That friend in Pune is dead. She was my granny. Gosh how many people are funding me? I should be buying buildings then. Did Katrina fund Boom? Did Deepika fund Om Shanti Om? Did Dr Nene fund Madhuri's return? People are more interested in my personal life. And what is this 100 cr club? If Gadar had released today it would have amassed Rs 300 crore. Nobody estimates and highlights that.You endorse Gitanjali as well... Now will you say that I have funded that too? My face was made for jewellery. The going is good, man.People say that your friendship with Sanjay Dutt and Maanyata went for a toss after Sanju asked you to cover up your glamorous outfit at a party. I was invited to their recent Mata Ki Chowki but I was out of town. Sanju has always been protective about me. When I went for the Agneepath party, he said ye chaddi pehen ke kya ghoom rahi hai ? The way he doesn't want his daughter to be a part of the industry, he wants me to get married to a rich guy and sit at home. He even came to me with a proposal to marry one of his Gujju friends in Chicago .How happy are you with your acting career? My film with Aamir, Salman and Hrithik flopped. Who would have expected films with such top heroes to do badly? Yes , I did some bad films but that happens with everybody. I yearn to do a lot more work. Now, I have some good films coming up- Shortcut Romeo , Race 2 , Bhaiyyaji Superhit and Singh Saab The Great . As an actor, I don't think even Amitabh Bachchan is satisfied.But why did you disappear from the acting circuit? I wanted to set up my production house with Kunal Goomer. And I didn't want to do it halfheartedly. We had a mission and we accomplished it. I couldn't have done it when I was ten years older.Risky idea? Everything is a risk today. I have always taken risks. Did any actress after her maiden superhit play a middle-aged mother like I did in Gadar?But why have you not produced a film yet? We were never supposed to do films with David Dhawan and Priyadarshan immediately. I guess that's what led to speculations. The two of them are very much on board but we are first going with Desi Magic wherein I play a double role. That film is Kunal's labour of love, his idea, his story.Should've asked you in the before, what about the reports about your romantic liaison with Kunal? Only because we are two good-looking people?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17150710", "title": "Firemen could spray water from all sides", "text": "BANGALORE: It was a textbook opportunity for fire and emergency services personnel to put their skills to test.The godown that went up in flames had thousands of litres of paint and other chemicals, including thinner. But it was on a road that could be approached. On the left side was a vacant site and on the right, after some vacant space, stood a building. The structure on the rear was too close to the burning building.\"In this case, highly combustible material was kept in a godown in an area that was a mix of residential and commercial zones. Two garment factories surrounded it. Those who gave permission to set up the godown should realize the potential threat. We were lucky we had enough space to fight the blaze,\" a fire brigade official said.\"The only thing in our favour was that we had enough space to cover the building from all sides. The approach road in front of the godown was broad, there was a vacant plot to the left and we had enough space to pump water from the rear and right side too. But we still found it difficult to bring the fire under control,\" said BG Changapppa, director, department of fire and emergency.Fire tenders refilled water from Infosys and a couple of other IT units. Curiously, no snorkels or hi-tech ladders were seen at the site. Fire brigade officials said they were not needed as the structure on fire could be reached by fire tenders from all directions.Fire officials said the city is most hostile when it comes to fighting a fire. \"Every day, we are faced with new challenges and these are often created by the people themselves. More than 60% of the buildings in the city don't have no-objection certificates from us and we end up facing shocking surprises when we reach the spot,\" said BK Hampagol, deputy director, technical, department of fire and emergency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17150085", "title": "Appoint administrator for Hanuman Garhi: HC to UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Expressing serious concern over various litigations pertaining to management and properties of world famous Hanuman Garhi temple in Ayodhya, the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court has asked the UP government to appoint a senior bureaucrat as an administrator of the temple. The court has further directed the government to consider whether a trust can be created for the temple on the pattern of Kashi Vishwanath Temple in Varanasi.A division bench comprising Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit has directed secretary, dharmartha karya, Navneet Sehgal to draw a proposal for this purpose and place it before the government for consideration. It has also directed that orders passed by various courts relating to Hanuman Garhi shall remain suspended till next date, posting the matter for further hearing on November 26.The order came while hearing a writ petition preferred by Patti Basantia Akhara, Hanuman Garhi. The petitioners' counsel IP Singh stated that the Hanuman Garhi temple has four divisions for its management and revenue sources viz Patti Basantia, Patti Ujjainia, Patti Haridwar and Patti Sagaria in different districts. At Patti Basantia, Mahant Ram Charan Das would collect revenue from agricultural produce relating to its land situated in Gonda. Later Mahant Prem Shankar Das usurped the former's work. The matter reached the SDM, who decided in favour of Prem Shankar. Mahant Ram Charan then moved the High Court on October 19, 2012, assailing SDM's order, pleading that the controversy could not have been settled in such a manner, as it was pending in civil court, Faizabad.The court stayed SDM order, but in course of hearing, the bench was of the view that Hanuman Garhi has a historical background and religious sentiments are attached to it. The controversy surrounding the temple earned a bad name for it.The court had summoned Navneet Sehgal, who appeared before the court and in his presence, the court passed the aforesaid directives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150167", "title": "87 of 497 dengue cases from Patna", "text": "PATNA: Cases with symptoms of dengue continue to pour in Patna's hospitals from different districts of the state with fresh cases being reported almost every day from several districts including Bhagalpur, Munger, Araria, Saran, Samastipur, Muzaffarpur, Lakhisarai, East Champaran and Gaya.According to figures with Bihar State Health Society, the number of confirmed dengue cases in the state till November 6 was 497 of which 87 were reported from Patna district. This does not include the number of patients being treated in the private hospitals. The killer fever has claimed one life.PMCH's head of medicine department Dr J K L Das put the number of dengue cases in PMCH at 60. \"We have all the facilities, including platelet transfusion facility, to treat dengue patients,\" Dr Das said.NMCH has at present three dengue patients, said NMCH's HoD (medicine) Dr R R Chaudhary. Private hospitals like Sahyog Nursing Home, Ruban Hospital, Magadh Hospital and Rajeshwar Hospital also confirmed treating dengue patients.State health minister Ashwini Chaubey, however, does not think the situation is alarming. \"We are monitoring the situation on daily basis. Besides, several districts have been identified where teams of doctors will be deputed during Diwali and Chhath when many people from Delhi and other cities come home,\" he said and added the doctors would be testing these migrants' blood samples and doing the needful.State's principal secretary (health) Vyasji said the state government was geared up to combat dengue. The urban development department has been asked to undertake cleanliness and sanitation work. Fogging is being done in the 13 identified districts and the '102' ambulance facility has been made available round the clock, he said.According to State Health Society's executive director Sanjay Kumar , the urban development department has been assigned the task of maintaining cleanliness. Advertisements mentioning the causes, symptoms and preventive measures of dengue are being released in newspapers and on radio and TV to create awareness among the people, he said.All district hospitals have been instructed to immediately refer serious cases of dengue to PMCH while the Patna Municipal Corporation has been directed to ensure proper sanitation, fogging, draining out of accumulated water and spraying of bleaching powder in the areas under its jurisdiction.However, residents of Pataliputra Colony, Indrapuri, parts of Boring Road, Rajiv Nagar and Ashiana Nagar complained neither fogging had been done nor bleaching powder had been sprayed in their localities. The huge open drains of Rajiv Nagar, Ashiana and Mandiri have also not been cleaned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17150121", "title": "Good writing skills give fillip to research: VC", "text": "ALLAHABAD: UP Rajarshi Tandon Open University vice-chancellor Prof AK Bakhshi inaugurated a three-day national workshop on scientific/research paper writing, organised by the National Academy of Sciences (NASI), on Thursday.Speaking on the occasion, Prof Bakhshi said lack of good writing skills can sometimes be a barrier in a successful future. He said even students with good academic record fail to transmit knowledge of their respective subjects owing to poor writing skills. He said ability to communicate ideas more clearly and efficiently can help one in improving one's career.Prof Bakhshi highlighted the major differences between general English and technical English. In general English, 'how something is written' is more important than 'what is written', explained the VC. In the former, the purpose is not only to convey ideas and thoughts but also to present them in a manner enjoyable to readers whereas in scientific writing the purpose is to communicate rather than impress the readers.Comparing the writings of William Shakespeare and Albert Einstein , Prof Bakhshi said power of imagination, creativity, emotions, feelings matter a lot in the former whereas there is a scant regard for these in technical English. He lauded the initiative of NASI for conducting such workshops and hoped that tips given by the experts would help young researchers in developing good writing skills.However, he cautioned that research scholars and those writing scientific papers need to practice a lot and also learn how to organise their ideas in a systematic and logical manner before writing them down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149877", "title": "TV on high volume costs man his life", "text": "MUMBAI: A Nalasopara man was on Thursday allegedly murdered by his neighbours after an argument over the volume at which television was playing in his home. Six persons have been arrested while four are absconding.Hiralal Jaiswal (45) lived with his wife Mantha and two children in Shirdi Nagar, Nalasopara (E). On Thursday afternoon, Jaiswal's children were watching a programme on a cartoon channel while he had gone out.Jaiswal's neighbours Ram and Dinesh Thakur barged into his house and asked Mantha to reduce the volume of the television. The children, however, insisted on watching the programme on a high volume. The Thakur brothers allegedly abused Mantha for not being able to control the children.Mantha narrated the incident to Jaiswal when he returned home after an hour. Jaiswal and his brother Dharmendra, who stays close by, left to ask the Thakurs about the incident.Dharmendra told the police that an argument ensued and the Thakur brothers assaulted them with iron rods and bamboos. They were soon joined by eight of their relatives. Jaiswal suffered serious head injuries, and though Dharmendra rushed him to hospital, he was declared dead before admission. Dharmendra, who also sustained head injuries, lodged a complaint with the Nalasopara police.Cops said six persons, including the Thakur brothers, have been arrested. They have been charged under section 302 of the IPC and will be produced before the Vasai sessions court on Friday. Four others are absconding. Jaiswal who works in a private firm in Mumbai was the breadwinner of the family. Thursday was his weekly off and he had stepped out for personal work when the Thakur brothers barged into his house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17151780", "title": "Snatchers open fire, woman hurt", "text": "KOLKATA: What was feared for months has finally happened. A bike gang shot and injured a victim at her doorstep in a Sonarpur locality on Thursday morning.The last time such a thing happened was in January, when bikers fired at a 32-year old homemaker in Kasba when she was playing with her kids just outside her home. Only two days ago, Bhowanipore resident Urbi Desai, 32, had chased and nabbed a snatcher in a narrow alley near her apartment complex. She was lucky that the bike gang was not carrying weapons.But Sonarpur homemaker, Jharna Naskar, also a 32-year old, paid dearly for her instinctive reaction to being attacked on Thursday morning. She is in hospital with a bullet embedded in her left leg.The bikers had fired four bullets at her \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a chilling reminder of the Dhakuria snatching when bikers fired five shots at the victim although she had already collapsed out of fright.As police got down to investigating the Sonarpur shooting, news came of another snatching in Topsia on the day Urbi had fought off two snatchers. Two men on a bike grabbed an expensive mobile phone from a woman who was walking down the street.According to police, Jharna had stepped a few metres outside her home to see off her sister and brother-in-law, who had come from Delhi, around 11.45am on Thursday. As she stood waving goodbye \u00e2\u20ac\u201d something she has done scores of times during her stay in the Pratapnagar locality \u00e2\u20ac\u201d two young men came running from behind. One of them grabbed her gold chain and tugged it free. Out of sheer instinct, Jharna screamed for help and tried to grab him.As the departing guests and other passersby looked on in horror, the duo pulled out pistols and started shooting at the defenceless woman. Jharna felt a searing pain in her left leg and collapsed, writhing in pain. The duo ran to their bikes, guns still in hand, and sped off.Locals could not believe their eyes. Awitness told TOI that he saw \"two men with revolvers shooting at Jharna boudi and escaping with the chain\". Jharna's sister and brother-in-law shouted for help but it was at least half an hour before she could be taken to Baruipur hospital and then to Chittaranjan National Medical College.This was the sixth snatching in Sonarpur-Baruipur in the past four months; snatchers opened fire in four cases. As South 24-Parganas grapple with the shoot-and-scoot gangs, Topsia cops are trying to track down the bike gang that snatched a mobile phone from Neha Jhunjhunwala in the Maruti Bagan locality on Monday evening.Alipore resident was returning after visiting a relative when she saw, from the corner of her eye, a bike closing in on her. She was talking on the cellphone at the time. Before she could realise what was happening, the bikers sped up next to her and the pillion rider grabbed her high-end phone.The traumatised victim lodged a police complaint only on Wednesday. Police feel that the gang had eyed her gold chain but found the phone a much easier target and snatched it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17149861", "title": "Lokayukta seeks CM help to prosecute 31 officers", "text": "BHOPAL: Lokayukta Justice PP Naolekar has shot off a letter to chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan seeking his immediate intervention for sanction to prosecute 31 government officers, including three officers of the All India Services.Sanction sought against IAS officers are Ramesh Thete, the then director employment and Training (Jabalpur), Chaturbhuj Singh the then commissioner Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) and Ajeeta Bajpai, the then member (Finance) MPSEB, Jabalpur.\"I have asked the CM to take necessary action so that we can prosecute the officers at the earliest,\" P P Naolekar told TOI. In all, the cases the prosecution sanction has not been granted even after the lapse of three months, he said.Asked about further action, Lokayukta said the organisation would go by the Supreme Court order.Justice Naolekar has mentioned a recent Supreme Court ruling on prosecution sanctions in his letter. It was held by the Supreme Court in Vineet Narayan V/s Union of India that sanction should be granted within three months.Time limit of three months for grant of sanction for prosecution must be strictly adhered to. However, additional time of one month may be allowed where consultation is required with the Attorney General [AG] or any other law officer in the AG's office, the apex court had observed.Lokayukta has also quoted order issued by MP High Court in Rajneesh Jain vs. State of MP&amp; Others wherein state government was asked to ensure that orders on the recommendations of the Lokayukta Sangathan for sanction should be made within a period of three months from the date of receipt of the recommendation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "17150727", "title": "Locals panic after thefts at IIT Kharagpur", "text": "KHARAGPUR: Fear gripped the residents of IIT Kharagpur after they woke up to a robbery in one of the quarters in the compound on Thursday.The theft at Nirmal Das's - an employee of the institute's central research department - house took place on Wednesday night. Residents alleged there have been five robberies in as many houses ever since Pujas. Though complaints have been lodged against each of the crimes, police are clueless about the culprits.Das alongwith his family had gone on a vacation to Kashmir. While he was away, he had asked a relative to sleep over at his quarter. The latter said that he woke up on Wednesday after hearing some noise. When he tried to find out what was happening, he found the bedroom locked from outside.On Thursday, neighbours found the back door of Das's home broken. On entering, they found the quarter ransacked and one of the bedrooms bolted from outside. They opened the bedroom and found Das's relative inside. Das returned later in the day and said that gold ornaments, electronic goods, clothes and utensils have gone missing.Additional SP of Kharagpur, Varun Chandrasekhar Rao, said: police have received complaints about robberies on the IIT Kharagpur campus.\"Police have arrested a suspect in another robbery in Kharagpur town. He is being interrogated for leads into robberies at IIT.\"Residents of IIT Kharagpur's staff quarters are living in fear after five thefts allegedly took place there in as many houses since the pujas. The latest theft in the house of Nirmal Das, an employee of the institute's central research department, happened on Wednesday night. Though complaints have been lodged against each of the crimes, police are clueless about the culprits.When Das returned from a vacation in Kashmir on Thursday morning, he found gold ornaments, electronics goods, utensils and clothes missing from his quarter. Das had asked a relative to stay in the quarter during his vacation. This relative said he woke up on hearing sounds late on Wednesday night. When he tried to find out what was happening, he found his bedroom locked from outside. Early on Thursday morning, other residents of the staff quarters found the back door of Das's home broken. On entering, they found the quarter ransacked and one of the bedrooms bolted from outside. They opened the bedroom and found Das's relative inside.Das returned home from his vacation soon after and was surprised to find his home ransacked. Police was informed and cops from the nearby Hijli outpost inspected the house.Police are speaking to Das's relative. But questions have been raised about the robbers timing their crime on the night before Das was to return.IIT Kharagpur's registrar Tapan Ghoshal admitted that Das's house had been robbed on Wednesday night and said four other houses in the staff quarters have also been robbed since Durga puja. Police complaints have been lodged against each of them by the IIT authorities, the registrar said.Additional SP Kharagpur Varun Chandrasekhar Rao said police had received complaints about robberies in Das's house on Wednesday night and similar crimes in homes of four of his neighbours since the pujas.Rao said police arrested one suspect in another robbery in Kharagpur town and he is being interrogated for leads into robberies in IIT Kharagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17149564", "title": "Soren 'power-sharing' efforts may prove futile", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha's attempts to rake up the issue of a 28-month power-sharing pact may become futile if facts and dates are considered.The power-sharing agreement between the two parties was not for the present regime but for the one preceding it when JMM supremo Shibu Soren was the chief minister in 2010. Video footages available with TOI on the power-sharing agreement show Arjun Munda and Soren, the then chief minister, jointly addressing the media on May 18, 2010. In the video, Soren, along with Munda, announced that both parties would share power during the remaining tenure of the third assembly.The BJP, however, had pulled down the Soren-led government on May 23, 2010, after the latter refused to relinquish the post for Munda. Soren, however, is now claiming that the parties entered into an agreement on sharing power for the remaining tenure when the present coalition was formed in September 2010. His son Hemant Soren is the deputy chief minister in the present government. The power-sharing agreement between the two parties was not for the present regime but the one preceding it when JMM supremo Shibu Soren was the chief minister till May 23 2010.Hemant, and other JMM leaders are also echoing the party chief's words, saying it was an unwritten \"gentleman's agreement\".The video footage of the joint press conference showed both leaders agreeing on power sharing. The joint statement was issued following the BJP parliamentary board's decision to withdraw support from the Soren-led government in Jharkhand after he voted against the cut motion moved in Parliament by the BJP during the budget session of 2010.As a damage control measure, Hemant had written to BJP president Nitin Gadkari , expressing support to a BJP-led government in the state. It was during this time that the BJP and the JMM entered into the agreement and Soren continued as chief minister of Jharkhand. At a press meet, Soren had said, \"Presently, I am the chief minister and I would continue.\" However, both the leaders were silent on the date for change of guards.BJP sources claim that Soren was supposed to vacate the chief ministerial chair by May 25, 2010. But public statements issued by JMM leaders at that time refusing existence of any pact angered the saffron party, which later withdrew support to the JMM on May 23 following which Presidents Rule was imposed in the state.When Munda formed the government in September, Hemant on September 7, 2010, announced that JMM would extend support to the BJP-led government without any condition in \"larger public interest and to save the state from President's Rule\".JMM central committee member Supriyo Bhattacharya said though the JMM had agreed to support unconditionally, there was a gentleman's agreement between Munda and Soren to follow the power share agreement of May 2010. \"The matter is best known to these two leaders and we expect both of them to honour what they had conceded during the talks,\" he said.However, BJP in-charge in the state, Dharmendra Pradhan , has refuted JMM's claims that the incumbent government was formed on the basis of power-share agreement. \"The share formula was there when JMM cross-voted and BJP on request letter of junior Soren to Gadkari reconsidered its decision to withdraw support, which became nullified after May 23, 2010, when BJP pulled out support,\" BJP state spokesperson Pradeep Sinha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17151642", "title": "KSRTC bus mows down 2 motorcyclists", "text": "MYSORE: Two men were killed on the spot when a KSRTC Volvo bus rammed their two-wheeler at Basalapur gate in Periyapatna taluk on Thursday evening.Ravi, 22, and Paramesh, 24, of Sundaravalu village, Periyapatna taluk, are the deceased. The accident took place at around 6 pm, when the driver of the bus rammed into the bike head on while trying to overtake another vehicle.The bus was heading towards Periyapatna from Bangalore and the two men were going back to their villages. The impact of the collision was such that the two-wheeler was dragged for a distance almost 600ft by the bus. Periyapatna town police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17149753", "title": "Mandi board secretary caught for accepting bribe", "text": "BHOPAL: Lokayukta's Special Police Establishment (SPE) caught red-handed a mandi secretary of Khurawar Agriculture Board (Rajgarh) near Board office square here on Thursday for allegedly accepting a bribe for favour.The accused L P Gujre, 40, a resident of Khurawar, was arrested when he was counting the bribe money, SPE SP Siddhartha Chaudwry told TOI.Earlier, a case was registered against the officer following complaint lodged by one Makhan, who had contract of supplying stationary materials and electricity equipment to the Mandi board. Makhan said, Gujre was demanding Rs 5,000 for releasing a due payment of Rs 92,000.Conversation between the accused and the complainant was recorded. After preparing for the trap, the complainant was asked to proceed with the colour-laced bait money.Gujre, oblivious of the SPE's trap, asked Makhan to meet at Board office square with the money. \"He was arrested as soon as he collected the money and started counting it,\" the SP said, adding a search is being conducted at his residential and office premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17149583", "title": "'1000 crore investment stalled owing to shortage of land'", "text": "Trade &amp; Industry in Jharkhand is going through one of the toughest times since the 70s. Industrial units do not get quality power, traders are under enormous pressure from the officials of various departments to get their work done.Add to this the dismal law and order situation in the state. The president of Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FJCCI), Ranjeet Tibrewal lays bare the problems faced by the business community in a candid chat with Sanjay Ojha.Jharkhand today is synonymous with corrupt ministers and bureaucrats. Former chief minister Madhu Koda, his cabinet ministers Hari Narayan Rai and Enos Ekka, among several others have also served jail terms. Given the state of affairs, how does the business community cope up with the situation?A: There is no denying the fact that Jharkhand is one of the most corrupt states where everything is measured in terms of money. There is an amount fixed for every work. Even if a person wants to avail of a simple vending license, he has to shell out a huge amount which at times runs into thousands of rupees.Under these circumstances, how do you expect business to grow?We have been working under hostile conditions for years. In fact, many of our members have on several occasions greased the palms of officers to get their work done. Things are set to change, though. I have urged all our members to refrain from indulging in corrupt practices.In case, someone is faced with a problem, the chamber will fight it out for them.Lack of quality power and non-availability of land for new units or expansion of existing projects pose a major problem for industrialists here. Do you see things changing in the near future?There are days when some units do not get power for more than 5-6 hours. Whenever we approach the electricity board, the officials say that there is no shortage of supply.The problem occurs owing to some local fault. In spite of this, when someone is willing to set up a new unit, or expand the existing one, there is no land.According to a rough estimate, at least 500 small and medium-scale units, with an investment of over Rs 1000 crore, have failed to take off owing to non-availability of land. The plan of the state government to create a land bank of at least 200 acres for industrial purpose in each district has also failed.Many businessmen in the city were forced to pay levy to rebels to be able to operate in the state. Your comments.Yes, I am aware of this. One of our members, Sunil Kejriwal, lost his life after he refused to pay the amount demanded from him. We should not only blame police for this. We, as a community, need to cooperate with police and provide them with information about such extortion calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17149145", "title": "Six gold chains worth 4.2 lakh snatched in 2 days", "text": "PUNE: As many as six incidents of chain-snatching were reported on Wednesday and Thursday, four of them in the jurisdiction of the Kothrud police station. The gold chains snatched were collectively worth Rs 4.20 lakh.Two men on a motorcycle snatched one Priyanka Gaikwad's gold chain worth Rs 1.5 lakh near Dandekar bridge on Thursday afternoon. Priyanka (25) and her sister, both of Vadgaon Budruk, were walking to a temple when the thieves snatched her chain.Around noon, two men, again on a motorcycle, snatched Laxmi Pasalkar's two chains at Bhusari Colony on Paud road. Pasalkar (44) of Beed had come to Pune with her husband to meet her relatives.They were walking to a relative's house when the thieves snatched her chains worth Rs 87,500.On Wednesday, three chains were snatched in the Kothrud area. One Pratibha Joshi (63) was walking home when two men on a motorcycle snatched her gold chain worth Rs 75,000 around 9 am.Minutes later, the same men are suspected to have snatched Asha Suryavanshi's (61) chain, worth Rs 15,000, near Pratidnya marriage hall at Karvenagar.Around noon, a man on a motorcycle snatched Sandhya Kondhekar's (40) chain at Alankar Society. Kondhekar was on a scooter when her chain was snatched.Around 8.30 pm on Wednesday, two men on a motorcycle snatched Anusuya Sahane's chain worth Rs 50,000 at Sant Tukaramnagar. Sahane (63) of Moshi was returning home after dropping her granddaughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17149888", "title": "From suspended to reinstated with change in governments", "text": "LUCKNOW: The fortunes of IAS officers Sanjeev Saran and Rakesh Bahadur took extreme swings with the change of governments. Mayawati government suspended them in 2007 after their names figured in the Noida land allotment scam considered to be as big as Rs 4,721 crore. They remained under suspension for the next five years. But as soon as the Samajwadi Party came to power, the UP government appointed Bahadur as chairman and Saran as chief executive officer of Noida.During 2006 and 2007, both Bahadur and Saran served the Noida offices in the same capacity when Mulayam Singh Yadav was the chief minister. During their stint, the land had been allotted to businessmen for construction of hotels for the Commonwealth Games. In what was seen as a political move, Mayawati, apart from cancelling the allotments, directed officials to lodge FIRs against the officers and initiate legal proceedings against them.A case was registered against the two officers in 2009 by the then Mayawati regime. The land allotments were cancelled and FIRs were lodged against Bahadur and Saran. The two officials along with 14 others were also suspended and later chargesheeted in a departmental inquiry. But soon after SP returned to power in March, the Akhilesh Yadav government reinstated the two officers on May 5 on the same posts. The PIL was filed in June accusing the officers of misusing power in land allotment and expecting that if allowed to work in Noida, they could tamper with evidence against them.The PIL alleged that 14 plots of farmers' land in Noida had been allotted to hoteliers during the Mulayam Singh Yadav regime in 2006 and 2007 at very low prices causing a loss of Rs 4,721 crore to the state exchequer. The allotments were made at Rs 7,400 per square metre while the market rate was Rs 1.69 lakh per square metre. The allotments were meant to expedite construction of hotels for the Commonwealth Games. Later, an advocate Renu Singh had filed an intervention application in the case alleging foul play in the allotment of land to private players at Noida and Greater Noida since 2001.On June 29, the court issued notices to the Centre, state government, Noida authority and the two accused IAS officers asking them to file counter-affidavits. On August 14, the court appointed counsel Pradeep Rai as advocate commissioner and directed him to submit a report on the alleged land scam and the role of the two bureaucrats. On October 17, the court asked the state government whether a CBI inquiry should be ordered into the allegations against the officers and whether they should be allowed to continue in the posts. The government, however, could not give a satisfactory reply.In May, 2010, the enforcement directorate (ED) took suo moto cognizance of alleged money-laundering in connection with the scam and registered a case. The ED also issued notice to the officers. In the meantime, cancellation of land allotment by the Mayawati government was challenged by the hoteliers in the high court but did not get desired relief. Later, they filed special leave petition in the Supreme Court, which in July 2011, upheld the allotment but directed firms to either pay extra money for the plots or the state government would refund the amount they had deposited with interest for the period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17150975", "title": "Multimodal hub planned to address Kozhikode's traffic woes", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city has set in motion an ambitious project to have a futuristic multimodal transport hub (MMTH) with the regional transport office (RTO) submitting a proposal to integrate various modes of public transport in a single location.The RTO has submitted the proposal to set up the hub at a vacant plot of land between Malaparamba and Thondayad junction. The report will be submitted to the state government upon finalization. National Institute of Technology- Calicut (NIT-C) will submit a detailed report based on the proposal to the district administration in one month.Kozhikode Regional Transport Officer, Rajeev Puthalath said that city, which has emerged as one of the fastest growing urban centres in the state, would need an integrated transport hub to reduce the mounting traffic congestion. The RTO made the proposal taking into account the future travel patterns in the city after the commissioning of the proposed monorail.\"We envisage a state of the art hub in which passengers arriving at MMTH can opt for buses, mono rail, taxis, autos or can even take bicycles for hire,\" the proposal said.As per the proposal, the area identified for setting up the MMTH has opening to the NH 17, NH 212 and NH 213 and can have connectivity to the proposed monorail as well. Further, the road is an intersection point of highways to Kannur, Wayanad, Thrissur and Palakkad.The hub would have six road transport terminals, monorail connectivity, and would also include facilities for non-motorized mode of transport like cycle and helipad for emergency and disaster management. Parking bays for 3,000 cars and 2,000 motorcycles are also planned in the complex.The RTO has also proposed to convert the existing Palayam bus stand as multi-level car parking and the mofussil bus stand at Mavoor as the termination point for short distance buses.According to RTO figures, as many as 135 long distance buses operate in the Palakkad-Thrissur route, that enter the city every two-and-a-half minute. Another 80 buses operate in the Manjeri-Nilambur route at four minute intervals. As many as 100 buses operating in the Kannur-Thalassery route arrive at three minute interval and 15 other buses operate in the Wayanad routes at 30 minute interval.\"All the long distance buses are directly entering the city through Baby Memorial Hospital junction or through Nadakavu, creating huge traffic blocks in the city. Widening of the city roads to accommodate the ever increasing traffic is not a feasible solution. Also there is no dedicated space for the parking of buses. This forces them to park illegally on available space on the sides of the city roads, creating lot of accidents and congestions,\" Rajeev Puthalath said.\"It would be a great boon if the city gets an integrated transport hub. Now people have to spend considerable time to reach the different bus stands or from the railway station to the bus stand, costing much time and money. It would also help in reducing the transport congestion,\" Sreejith N a city resident said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17149308", "title": "'We are ahead of other AIIMS clones'", "text": "There are big expectations from the city AIIMS for quality medical education and patient care. At the same time, there is also apprehension about timely completion of the under construction project, commissioning of the proposed 1,000-bed hospital and proper infrastructure for the current batch of MBBS students whose classes have already started. Bhubaneswar AIIMS director Dr Ashok Mohapatra clears the air on these issues during a conversation with Ashok Pradhan.How are you doing in terms of infrastructure for the medical college?We are ahead of many other new AIIMS clones, including the six which were opened simultaneously. This is remarkable given that progress in our construction was far behind others. Our students have already started practical classes. Though shortage of human bodies is a general problem for medical study, we have already got two while two others will reach here very soon. This is more than the minimum requirement of one cadaver each for 25 students. Our library with an initial collection of over 9 lakh books will open on Monday. We don't have hostels ready as yet for students. But alternative arrangements have been made to accommodate them.Is the quality at par with AIIMS New Delhi?The comparison is not fair. You can't compare a newborn with its grandfather. AIIMS New Delhi is more than 60-year-old. It has achieved its present standard in six decades of tireless effort. AIIMS Bhubaneswar is definitely on a par with or may be better than AIIMS New Delhi of 1956 when it was formed. The students are satisfied. Fifty students take theory classes in two groups of 25 each. For practical classes, they are divided into groups of 12 to 13. The laboratories and classrooms are very well equipped. We will be among the best even though this is our first year.You have earlier shown your displeasure over tardy progress in construction work.Construction work is not in my hand. In fact, it is not in the hands of the Union government or the state anymore. Construction of director's bungalow and hostels got delayed due to a court case, which has now been sorted out. Now, the contractor who has been assigned the work has to complete it at the earliest. They are handing over another block, the anatomy block, to us on Monday.What are your current priorities?My priority is to get the infrastructure for the college and the hospital ready. Because of its location on the outskirts of the city, there are no streetlights on the road connecting AIIMS. We don't have a complete boundary wall as yet. The area where AIIMS is located comes under a gram panchayat, which might be delaying the street-lighting. Work for the hospital building and various residential areas need to be completed. We would like to sort out these minor issues at the earliest because these create major problems.When will you start patient care?At the current pace, it would take another six to eight months to start patient care. Since people have lots of expectations, we have accordingly raised our bar on quality patient care. The preparations will take time. Starting the hospital is a far more complex process than starting college. To begin with, we will impart OPD care in select disciplines first. Earlier this week, we started an employee health service. Besides, AIIMS employees, the clinic is giving OPD service to workers engaged in construction work.When will the city AIIMS be a full-fledged hospital?A-There is nothing called a full-fledged hospital. Even AIIMS New Delhi is not fully functional as yet. It is yet to start an advanced paediatric care centre and a full-fledged geriatric care centre. Such additions are a dynamic and gradual process. The AIIMS hospital here is likely to start patient care in several important super-specialties by another two to three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "17150569", "title": "Birds fight for survival in North Bengal", "text": "JALPAIGURI: Gone are the days when the most beautiful of birds would throng North Bengal at the onset of winter. Thanks to the rapid filling up of wetlands and rampant use of pesticides in paddy fields and tea gardens, the number of winged visitors - both domestic and migratory - has declined at an alarming rate.Consistent decrease in the number of wetlands and rapid usage of pesticides in the paddy fields has sounded an alert for birds in north Bengal. Due to constant exposure to chemical fertilizers and pesticides in the paddy fields and also in the vast tea belt of the region both migratory as well as domestic birds has suffered a sharp decline in their numbers.Once found in plenty, now it has become almost impossible to spot birds like Mallard, Wigeon, Merganser and Paintails in the region. Ruddy Shell Duck, which migrated all the way from Siberia during the winter months, is also nowhere to be found. Raptor birds like Adjutant Stork, Ospray, Greater Spotted Eagle and Imperial Eagle are also fast disappearing from the region.Environmentalists cite a decrease in the number of wetlands and over-usage of pesticides and chemical fertilizers as the reasons behind a decline in the number of birds.\"After being applied in paddy fields, pesticides get washed during the monsoon and get deposited in the waterbodies. Since these chemicals are highly poisonous they kill the fishes. Water birds hence do not get adequate food to feed on as fishes are their prime food,\" said ornithologist Animesh Bose of Himalayan Nature and Adventure Foundation (HNAF). \"It is natural that the number of birds, especially water birds, is decreasing every year in the region,\" Bose added. The drastic decrease in the number of wetlands in North Bengal is also to blame. \"With the filling up of a wetland, the aquatic lives in it get buried. How can you expect birds to survive in such a situation?\" he questioned.According to satellite pictures available, the number of wetlands in Cooch Behar and Malda has been reduced to less than half of what it was in the 1930s. In Jalpaiguri, North Dinajpur and South Dinajpur the number has reduced to less than one-third.If this trend continues, North Bengal will cease to have any natural wetland by 2030, resulting in a radical imbalance in the environment of the entire region, fear environmentalists. Occurrence of floods at regular intervals will also result in arsenic generation and pose a problem for people of Malda.Dr Subir Sarkar, a professor of North Bengal University's geography department, said the maximum number of wetlands were filled up between 1970 and 1980. This was the time when Bangladesh became a free country and lakhs of refugees from there came to West Bengal. They started living building houses here by filling up wetlands, added Sarkar.In order to prevent further filling up of wetlands, the government should intervene immediately and preserve the remaining wetlands, said Sarkar. \"Natural wetlands are the most useful in maintaining ecological balance. But over the years we have seen that these wetlands are being filled for agricultural purpose or for constructing houses. There are strict laws that prevent wetlands from being filled up. These need to be implemented,\" the professor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17152012", "title": "8 out of 12 children homes get registration in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: The state women and child development department has issued provisional registration certificate to eight out 12 Child Care Institutions (CCIs) functioning in Gurgaon. The registration will be valid for one year after which they will again have to seek certification.All the CCIs have been registered under section 34(3) of the Juvenile Justice Act, 2000. All such facilities in Gurgaon are run by non-governmental bodies.This step was taken after the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights ( NCPCR) had summoned Haryana officials over rising sexual abuse cases in the state and recommended district administration to map all CCIs. An official data reveals that there are 105 CCIs in Haryana.An official of Child Welfare Committee (CWC) said periodic inspections of CCIs is being carried out in Gurgaon. Moreover, after applications were received from NGOs, members of district CWC visited each facility and only those following the rules have been allowed to register. The committee has also compiled a list of all the children living in these homes with their details. Earlier, there used to be 14 CCIs in Gurgaon, but two of them - Drone Foundation and Suparaana Ka Angan - were shut after reports of child abuse. Haryana has also constituted an advisory board on juvenile justice under the chairmanship of women and child development minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17149899", "title": "Miscreants loot rural bank in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Three armed miscreants looted Rs 4.5 lakh from the Rural Bank branch here on Thursday afternoon. Itanagar SP Surinder Kumar said the dacoits entered the bank at around 12.15pm.While two of them remained at the gate, the other entered the branch with a small gun and fired into the air. The miscreants fled after committing the crime.A case has been registered at Itanagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad/new delhi", "code": "17151769", "title": "Destiny smiles again on Mohammad Azharuddin", "text": "HYDERABAD/NEW DELHI: Former Indian cricket team skipper Mohammad Azharuddin had labelled himself Destiny's Child when he stormed into the limelight stroking three hundreds in his first three Tests against England in 1985.A god-fearing man and a devout Muslim, the wristy batsman repeated those words when he was made the skipper in 1990.Perhaps, it was destiny that the man who went on to lead India to a record 14 Test wins and was the apple of the eye of most cricket fans before Sachin Tendulkar stole his thunder, allegedly took a 'bite' of the forbidden fruit and fell from the eyes of those very fans who had put him on a pedestal.On Thursday, 12 years after he was banned by the BCCI, for match-fixing and involvement with bookies, destiny chose to smile on him again.The life ban imposed on the cricketer-turned politician in December 2000, was set aside by the AP High Court. A division bench comprising Justices Asuthosh Mohunta and G Krishna Mohan Reddy delivered the judgement, allowing the appeal filed by Azharuddin against BCCI's ban as also a civil court's approval of the ban order.The bench also set aside the ban preventing Azharuddin from playing any cricket match conducted or authorised by the ICC and BCCI. It further set aside the ban on a benefit match for the player.Azharuddin was prevented from not only playing a match, but wasn't even allowed to enter any venue that was staging a match under the aegis of the ICC.The two judges were unanimous in their opinion that the BCCI went about condemning the cricketer without even giving him the opportunity to be heard. The board also failed to substantiate its claims of wrongdoing by Azharuddin with any credible evidence, the bench said.The match-fixing scandal came to light in April 2000, after the then South Africa captain Hansie Cronje claimed in his confession that Azharuddin had introduced him to bookies.The removal of the ban though, may not mean much to Azharuddin as far as his playing career is concerned. At 49, and especially when he has made a successful switch from cricket to politics, the game is not a priority any more.But getting his name cleared of the match-fixing allegations is a huge victory indeed. The court order will now allow him to plan his long overdue benefit match and also claim what is due to him from the cricket board.A RELIEVED MANMeanwhile, in New Delhi, the Congress MP from Moradabad said he was a relieved man.\"I fought this battle for so long with patience. It has been a tough and painful battle and I am grateful to everyone who has supported me during this difficult period,\" Azhar told reporters at a press conference at his residence.Azhar said he was happy that his name is no more mired in controversy.\"My name is cleared and I don't want to dwell upon what happened in the past. If people want to keep talking about the past I can't help them. I am happy, I have not done anything wrong and I do not have any regrets. My conscience is clear.\"Reaffirming his faith in destiny, Azhar, when asked whether he regretted playing 99 Tests and not 100, said, \"Maybe I was destined to play 99 Test matches and that's what the Almighty wanted. I would not like to dwell on the past and move on. I am an MP and would like to focus on the development of my constituency Moradabad.\"'WON'T TAKE LEGAL ACTION AGAINST ANY AUTHORITY'MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: The agony of fighting a protracted legal battle to get the life ban imposed on him by the BCCI removed, finally ended for Mohammad Azharuddin on Thursday.The Andhra Pradesh High Court quashed the ban slapped on the former India skipper for his alleged involvement in match-fixing and called it \"illegal\".Azhar, who is now a Lok Sabha MP from Moradabad, has always maintained that the ban was unfair and the BCCI's decision was unilateral. However, the former Hyderabadi batsman sought to strike a conciliatory note with the BCCI, saying that he would not want to blame anybody for the pain he suffered in the past 12 years.\"It was a long-drawn out legal case and it was painful. We fought in the court for 11 years. There were lots of adjournments, changes in the case. But finally the verdict has come and I am happy that the ban has been lifted by the court,\" Azhar said on Thursday.Asked if he would take any legal action against the BCCI, he said: \"I am not going to take any legal action against any authority and I don't want to blame anybody for this also.\"Technically, the HC verdict now makes Azhar eligible for the BCCI pension and payout that the board doles out to former cricketers.The BCCI didn't jump to any conclusion on Thursday.Reacting to the HC verdict, BCCI vice-president Rajiv Shukla told TOI: \"The BCCI will take the final call only after our legal team studies the order.\"Board CAO Ratnakar Shetty, echoed the views of Shukla.THEY WERE BANNED TOOManoj Prabhakar: Was banned for five years for match-fixing after he tried to implicate Kapil Dev. Became the bowling coach for Delhi after that. Is a TV expert.Ajay Jadeja: Was banned for five years in 2000 for match-fixing . But in January 2003, the Delhi HC overturned the ban for want of proof. Went on to captain Delhi and Rajasthan. Became a TV expert.Ajay Sharma: Was banned for life by the BCCI in 2000 for match-fixing . The ban still stands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17150012", "title": "Railways plans AC special for Diwali rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: In view of the huge waiting list of passengers on the occasion of Diwali, the Lucknow division of Northern Railway has planned to start an AC special train to facilitate passengers. Train numbers 04026/04025 Lucknow-New Delhi special will run from November 10/11 till November 19/20.Train number 04026 will depart from New Delhi on November 10, 12, 17 and 19. On the other hand, train number 04025 will run from Lucknow on November 11, 14, 16 and 20. The train will comprise two AC-2 coaches, nine AC-3 coaches and an AC chair car. The train will stop at Bareilly, Moradabad and Ghaziabad. The reservation for the special train will be available at all reservation counters from November 9. Train number 04026 will depart from New Delhi at 9.00 p.m. and arrive in Lucknow at 05.35 a.m. On the other hand, train number 04025 will depart from Lucknow at 10.45 p.m. and reach New Delhi at 8.20 a.m.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149123", "title": "On Nov 16, travel to Pune for only Rs177!", "text": "NAGPUR: In its effort to handle passengers rush during the festive season, the Central Railways (CR) has now announced three more special trains apart from the already declared ones. Two trains are for Pune while one is for Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT), Mumbai.Train number 01021 Nagpur-Pune will leave Nagpur on November 16 at 11.40am and reach Pune the next day at 4.05am. \"We have used the rakes of Nagpur-Amravati Intercity for this train, which is seating only,\" said Brijesh Dixit, divisional railway manger (DRM), CR, Nagpur division.Sumant Deulkar, senior divisional commercial manager (SrDCM) informed that the sleeper class tickets in this train would be as low as Rs177. \"There will be 1000 seats in the train,\" he added. Train number 01022 Pune-Nagpur will leave Pune on November 17 at 5.20am and reach Nagpur the same day at 10.10pm.These trains have been introduced after TOI highlighted the lack of berths in trains, especially between Nagpur-Pune, and exorbitant rates of buses.The 01003 Nagpur-Pune special on November 19 is a normal train and will leave Nagpur at 1pm and reach Pune the next day at 4.05am 01004 Pune-Nagpur special will leave Pune on November 20 at 2.15pm and reach Nagpur the next day at 6.30am. This train will have about 1200 seats.Similarly, 01303 LLT-Nagpur special will leave LTT on November 10 at 00.50am and reach Nagpur the same day at 3pm 01304 Nagpur-LTT special will leave Nagpur on November 10 at 4pm and reach LTT the next day at 8.25am. This train will have 1500 seats.CR is also trying to work out a system wherein wait-listed passengers would be given priority in these special trains. The CR has also announced a fire safety helpline, which is available on 09004414444. CR has also started work on the loop line in Ajni Station. \"The up loop is being converted into up/down (common loop) which takes a lot of effort and will help in easing traffic at the main station,\" said Dixit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17148674", "title": "Oil companies asked to monitor LPG cylinder deliveries", "text": "PANAJI: Oil companies have been directed to monitor complaints regarding delivery of LPG cylinders and initiate disciplinary proceedings against dealers and submit a monthly report to the department of civil supplies and consumer affairs, sources said.A series of measures to streamline the LPG dealers functioning and the delivery system amidst a scenario of panic and confusion among consumers were outlined at a meeting convened by North Goa collector Mihir Vardhan in his capacity as chairperson of district consumer protection council in the city recently.If consumers use their own transport to collect LPG refills from the godown, the dealers have to refund Rs 15, which is added to the cost of the cylinder. An amount of 8 collected earlier has been hiked to 15 after the increase in commission for LPG dealers.The representatives of Bharat Petroleum , Hindustan Petroleum and Indian Oil Corporation were directed to look into these complaints and initiate disciplinary proceedings as the ministry of petroleum and natural gas ministry guidelines against the dealers for failure to refund the transportation charge.A three-member team comprising representatives from civil supplies, oil companies and consumer forum to visit all dealers to ensure things are in order was also mooted during the meeting.The meeting was also attended by additional collector, who is the consumer protection officer, DySP Umesh Gaonkar, V R Naik from legal metrology, taluka mamlatdars, director of civil supplies, Shabri Mandrekar, deputy director, Shripad Majik, representatives from fire and emergency services, Roland Martins of Goa civic and consumer action network (GOACAN), among others.\"Complaint books have to be kept with all inspectors of civil supplies at a taluka-level to register LPG consumers complaints,\" Martins said.The inspectors have to visit dealer showrooms to check oil company complaint books on a bi-monthly basis. Dealers have to show monthly status of the total number of domestic and commercial connections being serviced by them.It was also decided that civil supplies department should inform the public through advertisements about the status of know your customer (KYC) forms filled till date and various categories of LPG consumers, who need to fill them in a phased manner.The vehicles used by dealers for supplying LPG domestic and commercial cylinders will have to display the company logo and details of dealers address and telephone. These will be listed with the civil supplies department, taluka mamlatdars, fire and emergency services and local police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149955", "title": "Notice issued for inquiry against Yash Raj Films", "text": "MUMBAI: The Competition Appellate Tribunal (CAT) on Thursday refused to grant any interim relief to Ajay Devgn's movie Son of Sardar (SOS), but issued a notice for an inquiry into the alleged anti-competitive activities of Yash Raj Films (YRF) over allegations that it was trying to block the release of SOS. Both SOS and YRF films' Jab Tak Hai Jaan (JTHJ) are slated for a Diwali release on November 13.A press statement by Ajay Devgn Films (ADF) said, \"Considering YRF's statement that only 821 theatres have executed an agreement with it for screening Jab Tak Hai Jaan on Diwali, compared to 1,407 single-screen cinemas for Ek Tha Tiger, the Competition Appellate Tribunal didn't provide interim relief.\" ADF said it'll approach the 586 single-screen cinemas that did screen Ek Tha Tiger but do not have a tie-up with YRF for JTHJ and are free to screen their film, Son of Sardar.The ADF press release adds, \"If the facts given out by YRF are found to be false, which would be proven through evidence after the release of the movie, we will not only continue to fight against YRF's anti-competitive activities on our own but also on the behalf of the entire industry.\" YRF has refuted the press release put out by ADF, stating that the CAT didn't find any merit in ADF's contention on the agreement entered into by YRF with single-screen cinemas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17151529", "title": "Irrigation projects to be launched today", "text": "HUBLI: A unique irrigation project, blending the advantages of the lift irrigation and drip irrigation technologies, will be inaugurated at Halasur village of Savanur taluk in Haveri district on November 9.Water resource minister Basavaraj Bommai told reporters in Haveri on Thursday that the project will irrigate 9,900 hectors of land in 30 villages at Shiggaon, Savanur and Hangal taluks of Haveri district. Water will be lifted from Varada river near Savanur. With the help of six delivery chambers, and around 85 small tanks, 9,900 acres of land will be fed with lift and drip irrigation, he added.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar will lay the foundation stone for the construction of 3,200 model houses to be built using Malaysia technology at Bankapur in Shiggaon taluk, he said.Jack well and pump house project will be inaugurated by chief minister Jagadish Shettar while drip irrigation projects will be launched by former CM Yeddyurappa. The foundation stone for barrage construction will be laid by PWD minister C M Udasi. The 110KV transformers will be inaugurated by minister Eshwarappa at Halasur village in Savanur taluk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17148913", "title": "Playing Mishra was good spin practice: Ian Bell", "text": "AHMEDABAD: England's best bowling bet on this India tour, Graeme Swann , may have given the final warm-up game against Haryana a miss to return home to his ailing daughter, but Ian Bell believes the frontline spinner's absence offers a great opportunity for those warming the bench.\"Actually such a situation helped in our success in Australia. If we miss the main bowler in the first Test, we need back up. I believe most of these guys will be fit to play in the first Test but these are great opportunities for our reserve players,\" said Bell after spending some time in the middle against Haryana.Bell also said that getting to play Amit Mishra was the kind of practice he needed before the series.\"He is a quality spinner who has played lot of Test cricket and I got the quality spin that I needed going into the first Test,\" Bell added.He showed no signs of a lean patch, dancing down the track to hit Mishra for two boundaries in the very first over he faced. \"The ball was skidding nicely on to the bat so it came out well,\" said the England middle order batsman.On Kevin Pietersen's innings and England's dependence on him, Bell said: \"We don't just depend on him alone to win us a series but it will be great if he comes out and plays like the way he has been doing in recent times.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17150307", "title": "HC dismisses Naseemuddin Siddiqui's plea challenging Lokayukta order", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Thursday dismissed a writ petition filed by former state cabinet minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui challenging an order passed by NK Mehrotra, UP Lokayukta. A bench consisting of acting Chief Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel dismissed Siddiqui's petition on the grounds of being premature.The Lokayukta had passed an order on May 15, 2012 requesting the state chief minister (competent authority under the Lokayukta and UP-Lokayukta Act) to reconsider the complaints made against Siddiqui and passed appropriate order for investigations.This order of Lokayukta was challenged by the former cabinet minister on the grounds that once the recommendations of the Lokayukta were turned down by the former chief minister (competent authority), and then the Lokayukta had no power to resend the same to the present chief minister.This plea of the ex-minister was opposed by advocate general, SP Gupta and assisted by Yashwant Verma, chief standing counsel stating that since no decision has been taken by the competent authority so far, therefore the writ petition by the former cabinet minister is premature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150776", "title": "Five arrested with 891 mobile phones worth over Rs 52 lakh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Five people have been arrested in connection to theft of mobile phones worth Rs 10 lakh. Surprisingly enough, the cops have recovered 891 mobile phones worth Rs 52 lakh in the operation.On November 4, mobile phones worth Rs 10 lakh were stolen from a shop in Kalupur. The burglars had broken the shutter lock of the shop in Kalupur Sahjanand market. Later, owner of the shop had registered a complaint with Kalupur police.Crime branch officials believe that to avoid sales tax and VAT, the shopkeeper may have under-disclosed the number and worth of mobiles stolen. \"It is possible that the trader did not show the true scope of the consignment stolen. The other possibility is that the police who recorded the complaint had lowered the price of mobiles stolen in consultation with the shopkeeper,\" said crime branch officials.While investigation was underway, a police inspector posted in crime branch, Shankar Chaudhary, had got a tip-off that some people were trying to sell mobile phones to individual customers. Based on this information, cops raided the home of Hukamsinh Devda, a native of Rajasthan, who now stays in Saraspur.\"We have recovered 891 mobiles from Devda's house. During the questioning, he revealed the names of his accomplices - Bharat Rajpurohit, Ranjit Rajpurohit, Nagesh Chaudhary, all residents of Patan and Rajiv Goswami of Mumbai. All four have been arrested,\" said a crime branch official.Ranjit and Nagesh run a cutlery store in Patan. They had decided to sell each phone separately to maximize profit. \"They also knew that the stolen mobile phones' IMEI numbers might be tracked by police. To avoid this problem, they were looking to sell the phones in states like Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal and Tamil Nadu. They were also in touch with some unscrupulous people who can change IMEI number of mobile phones. We have handed over the stolen mobiles and custody of the accused to Kalupur police for further investigations,\" said crime branch officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17150530", "title": "Cops recover 5kg stolen silverware", "text": "KOLKATA: Police solved the theft of silver from a shop in Posta in two days and arrested one of the shop employees as the prime suspect.The entire booty of silverware, worth Rs 5 lakh, has been recovered. The accused, Suraj Rabidas, has been remanded in police custody for 14 days.According to police, Rabidas had stolen the goods from the shop on 1 Shyam Sil Lane on the morning of November 4. The shop polishes silverware and there was always a huge amount of it lying around. Rabidas would open the shop every morning. It was easy for him to walk out 6kg of the silver, say police.Investigators suspected Rabidas when he did not report for work. A team went to his native place, Polba in Hooghly, on Wednesday. After raiding a few places, they nabbed him. \"All the stolen silver articles lakh have been recovered,\" said P K Ghosh, joint CP, crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17148915", "title": "Nande's bail plea to be heard today of the building collapse case", "text": "PUNE: The district and session court here on Friday will hear the bail plea filed by former Congress corporator Sanjay Nande in connection with the death of 11 people in the building collapse at Taljai Pathar on September 24. Eleven others were injured in the collapse.Nande was arrested on September 25. Nande's lawyer Bipin Patole said the hearing of the bail plea was initially fixed on Thursday, but it was later deferred till Friday.The case against Nande and Lahuji alias Dhirendra Bapu Sawant was filed under sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 337 and 338 (causing hurt and endangering the lives of others) of the Indian Penal Code and section 52 (penalty for unauthorized development) of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act. The report has been filed by the Sahakarnagar police.The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) had on September 24 registered a complaint against Nande and Sawant as they partly owned the land at Saiduttanagar Colony where the building had come up.The three-storey building was among the 2,300 illegal properties identified by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to which notices had been issued. In the case of this building, a notice was issued to Nande and Sawant on September 1.According to the PMC, the action against illegal buildings had slowed down as their staff and police were then busy in the Ganesh festival preparations. The developers were trying to complete the construction of building during this period in a hurry which resulted in the collapse, PMC had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17150657", "title": "Kuvempu, Chord Roads to be relaid", "text": "BANGALORE: Residents of west Bangalore heading towards Central Business District and northern areas can hope for a comfortable ride now. For, the Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) and BBMP have decided to relay Mahakavi Kuvempu Road and West of Chord Road in four months.The two 2-km stretches between Modi underpass to Soap factory on West of Chord Road and Navarang Circle to Malleswaram on Mahakavi Kuvempu Road are full of crater-like potholes, thanks to ongoing work in Namma Metro's northern line.\"These roads have developed potholes ever since Metro work started. In some places, there are no footpaths at all. We have been demanding periodic asphalting of roads and clearing of debris,\" said Pratibha Kumari, heading the subcommittee of Rajajinagar Save Bangalore Committee. The latter spearheaded a residents' protest against the bad roads in September.BMRC said work to restore the two roads will begin soon. It has been entrusted to Karnataka Rural Infrastructure Development Limited (KRIDL) and it'll be completed in four months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153055", "title": "Bachchans to dine with Swedish band", "text": "On their trip to India, electronic dance music group Swedish House Mafia, will also shoot a documentary apart from performing two gigs and meeting celebritiesThe Swedish electronic dance music trio - Axwell, Steve Angello and Sebastian Ingrosso, better known as the Swedish House Mafia are all set to grace the subcontinent as part of their farewell gig One Last Tour. Interestingly, they will be greeted by the Bachchans in a special party to be hosted at Jalsa.A source told TOI, \"Abhishek and Aishwarya love the band and they were one of the first people \"to book the exclusive VVIP table at the Mumbai and Gurgaon gig'. They also wanted to host a formal dinner for the trio at their home in Mumbai.\"Apart from the Bachchans, other Bollywood celebrities like Prateik Babbar, Neha Dhupia , Arjun Rampal , Shahid Kapoor , Dino Morea and Sohail Khan will grace the gig.Interestingly, the Swedish band will also shoot a documentary, and will be tavelling by train to shoot at the Red Fort and Taj Mahal.On their Mumbai trip, the trio plan to visit the places affected by the 26/11 terror attacks - Leopold Cafe, the Taj Mahal hotel, Hilton Towers, the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus and Nariman House. The rock band may also meet a few Indian composers including AR Rahman during their trip.Karan Singh from Percept who is organising the tour told Mirror , \" Since this is the first and last visit in India, we will make sure every aspect has a local touch. Their documentary will be incorporated in their global video dedicated to One Last Tour\". DJ Nikhil Chinapa, who is bringing the band to India, said, \"We are expecting a huge celebrity turnout but meet and greets with the band will be very selective and limited.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149418", "title": "South Delhi honcho returns to burgled home", "text": "New Delhi: When a south Delhi businessman was holidaying in goa with his family, he had little idea that his servant of eight years will not only relieve his bungalow of Rs 30 lakh in cash plus jewels but also drive away in his favourite Chevrolet with the booty inside. The heist, which has been reported from Sainik Farms on Wednesday, seems to have been executed with a panache typical of 'Super Chor Bunty'.Vishal Bajpai, who lives in Neb Valley at Sainik Farms with his family, had employed Ram Prasad Paswan as a domestic help eight years ago.He had got the primary verification done while employing him and had also filled forms for the second level of police checks.Bajpai left for Goa with his family on November 3 entrusting Paswan with the keys to the house but not those to the bedroom. The maid was supposed to come in daily for cleaning.On November 4, the maid called Bajpai informing that Paswan had left the house with the Chevrolet around 4 am. When the family reached Delhi about 6 pm on Wednesday evening, they were shocked to see that a thief had entered the bedroom in which the valuables were kept after breaking the window panes. An iron rod was lying about and Paswan was mysteriously missing. The jewellery, cash, laptops and i-pods were missing.A police source said that a team has been dispatched to his hometown in Bihar which he is likely to visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "17148796", "title": "150 illegal structures erected along Agonda coast", "text": "CANACONA: Around 150 illegal temporary structures have been erected at Dhawalkhajan-Agonda beach at Canacona, without any permission from the panchayat in violation of the coastal regulation zone (CRZ) rules, alleged Dajula Pagi, sarpanch of Agonda village panchayat.Pagi said that illegal electricity connections have also been supplied to them directly from electricity poles and some residences even have underground cables in violation of rules.These illegal structures include kiosks, huts, tents, shacks and massage parlours.Pagi also said that Terezinha Milagres and Honarto Fernades from Agonda have filed a complaint with the deputy director of panchayats, directorate of panchayats and electricity department at Canacona in this connection, adding that these authorities neither act against these structures nor against those who have constructed them or supplied electricity connections to them.Panchayat secretary K Damu has said that not a single NOC has been given for these seasonal structures. He further said that before obtaining seasonal NOCs, the concerned owner must get NOCs from the tourism, fire and emergency services and health department.\"These people have paid hefty sums to a few elected representatives and enjoy their patronage,\" alleged Vivekrao Gaonkar, a social worker.Ashok Padwalkar, assistant engineer of electricity department, Canacona, said that so far not a single connection is given to any seasonal structure on the Agonda coast, adding that only two were given at Canacona.Sapnesh Desai, panch of Agonda village, stated that \"Many illegal permanent structures are mushrooming on the Agonda beach and concerned authorities should keep tabs on all of them and not target just a few.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kanpura (ajmer)", "code": "17151235", "title": "Ajmer village hails Obama, recalls e-date with him", "text": "KANPURA (AJMER): It was cheering and mass celebration in the remote Kanpura village of Ajmer district as US President Barack Obama won a second term. The entire village was hooked on to the comps and TV sets of the gram sabha to know the results. When it was announced that he had won, there was loud cheer and sweets were distributed. After all, Obama talked to these villagers through video conferencing during his visit to India.Five-year-old Nathu of the village also knows about Obama and participated in the melee outside the gram sabha. Sarpanch Jadgish Chand Berwa distributed sweets to the children and his deputy Saghun Kanwar greeted women of the village for Obama becoming President of US again. \"He is the one who talked to me and I never forget that moment of my life,\" said Sujata, who talked to Obama when he was connected to the village from Xavier's College of Mumbai.The real celebration started on Thursday morning when Jeevan Ram Khangarot, Bhanwar Singh Panwar, Suresh Pareek and ward panch Prabhu Ram Choudhary gathered on gram sabha and announced that the village should sent a mail to Obama to greet him. One of the members asked the student of secondary class to prepare a letter in English for Obama wishing him all the best on behalf of every member of the village.There was also a dance programme and youths celebrated the occasion like festival. \"We are happy because we had talked to a person who is the president of the most powerful country of the world. We feel proud because Obama had gathered information about us,\" added Shiv Shanker Singh.People still remember the e-date with US President. \"The US president Obama was happy to know that the IT services have reached rural India,\" said sarpanch Berwa. \"I had informed the President that IT is not only a service which is provided to the villages but a revolution of change which is altering lives of common mass,\" he said. Kanpura village is situated between Shrinager and Kishangargh blocks of Ajmer. The population is around 5,000 and it is connected by the state highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17150206", "title": "John Kerry, Susan Rice in line to replace Hillary Clinton", "text": "WASHINGTON: America's perpetual election cycle remains very much in motion, lapping the just concluded 2012 polls with speculative ardor over who will run for the White House in 2016 even as a triumphant President Barack Obama returned to Washington DC after securing a second term. Topping the list is Hillary Clinton, who is expected to soon step down as Secretary of State (part of the reason for the conjecture) and Maryland governor Martin O'Malley on the Democratic side; and on the Republican side, defeated vice-presidential candidate Paul Ryan and New Jersey governor Chris Christie.The President's immediate task though is to avoid the so-called fiscal cliff and recast his cabinet, a compact 22-member team that runs the $16 trillion superpower sans esoteric ministries such as \"social justice and empowerment\" that characterize India's jumbo-mumbo ministries. Here again, finding a successor to Hillary Clinton tops the list now that her aides have quashed reports that she might like to stay on.\"I don't think the secretary's plans have changed,\" State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said on Wednesday, amid reports that Clinton was headed to Australia for a vacation. \"You've heard her say many times that she intends to see through a transition of a successor and then she will go back to private life and enjoy some rest and think and write and all those things.\" Beyond that, the air is thick with expectation that she will run in 2016, although she will be 69 by that time. \"I hope she runs again,\" her former aide Neera Tanden, who is now president of the Centre for American Progress was quoted saying in one report. \"I think she would be a great president. She does seem a little tired, but she can reboot.\"Meanwhile, two names -- John Kerry and Susan Rice -- have been circulating as possible Clinton replacements, neither of which New Delhi finds thrilling, but is reconciled to dealing with in keeping with the dharma of accepting what it can't control. Senator Kerry, the patrician chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee tops the short list, given his vast experience and proximity to the President, whose debating coach he was during the just concluded campaign. The younger Rice, who is of Jamaican heritage, is equally proximate to Obama, but is regarded as brash and uncompromising. Between them, Kerry pulls rank; Rice was the Senator's foreign policy advisor when he ran for President in 2004.Both choices leave Indian foreign policy boffins cold. Kerry is seen as the appeaser-in-chief of Pakistan with his policy of buying compliance of the wayward country with US aid; Rice is regarded as a maverick who is not exactly enamored of India's independent streak at the UN where she has been Washington's envoy since 2009. Rice herself alluded to it in a recent tweet during a private visit to India in August this year, saying \"The world's two largest democracies may not always agree at the #UN, but we share many mutual interests and core values.\" But the trip, which included an awe-inspiring visit to Agra's monuments, reportedly helped bridge a lot of gaps. Rice also spoke of \"productive talks\" with Indian foreign policy stalwarts, NSA Shivshankar Menon and Foreign Secretary Ranjan Mathai, which may have lightened some of the baggage.The President though has the option of looking beyond the two. National Security Advisor Tom Donilon is also in the mix, in which case his own job will be up for grabs; his deputy Denis McDonough and DoD Undersecretary Michele Flournoy, both of whom have dealt with the subcontinent, are in line for that post. Other posts that involve dealing with the region -- and indeed the world -- that are expected to be recast in the coming weeks include Secretary of Defense, where incumbent Leon Panetta is also expected to step down, and Secretary of Commerce, which has a stand-in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17151393", "title": "Dentist leaves needle in man's stomach", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A normal root canal treatment procedure at the Government Dental College Hospital here turned into a nightmare for a youth with a needle used in the surgery ending up in his stomach. The youth, Vikas V S (24), has alleged that though the needle was detected through a digital x-ray, the authorities discharged him on Thursday after he was given some medicines.\"The doctors gave some medicines and said the needle will come out through motion. They showed an undue haste in giving me discharge. I have decided to go to a private hospital since am feeling some discomfort,\" said Vikas, a catering employee from Poojapura.Vikas was undergoing root canal treatment at the dental hospital and his case was posted on Wednesday. The needle accidently went into his stomach while the doctor was performing the root canal procedure. Following severe vomiting and stomach pain, the doctor advised him to take an x-ray. Since nothing was visible in the conventional x-ray film, a digital x-ray was taken and the needle was detected.\"I was soon shifted to the medical college hospital and the doctor who had performed the root canal treatment disappeared from the scene. However, my condition worsened in the middle of the night and the doctors attending on me gave me some medicines for bowel movement. My stomach pain subsided after I took the medicines and I was shifted to the dental hospital on Thursday morning,\" said Vikas.The doctors at the dental college hospital soon gave him the discharge and said there was nothing to worry. Though he has reached home, he is not ready to take any risk and hence he has decided to approach a private hospital for a second opinion.Vikas has now approached chief minister Oommen Chandy with a written complaint giving details of the incident. The chief minister has asked the director of medical education to conduct an inquiry and submit a report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17148966", "title": "Bombay HC rejects NCP leader's bail plea", "text": "NAGPUR: The Sitabuldi police may not be able to drag its feet anymore on the arrest of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Vijay Talewar, who had been booked for dacoity, house trespass and other charges, following the dismissal of the special leave petition on Thursday.Talewar had sought the stay of his arrest before the apex court after his bail applications were twice rejected by the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court. Booked in March earlier this year, the city police had given Talewar the long rope. He was booked following a complaint filed by Bharti Belsare after a scuffle broke out between the NCP leader and the woman over the possession of property at New Ramdaspeth. Talewar had also charged Bharti and her sons for assaulting him.Following Talewar's complaint, Bharti and others were immediately arrested. But Talewar was not arrested despite Bharti's complaint being of more serious nature.The high court, while rejecting the bail plea, had clearly stated that the custodial interrogation of Talewar was required given the nature of allegations against him. Yet, the city police waited before taking Talewar into custody.Talewar's second bail plea before the high court was, however, filed on the ground that the police officers had misguided the court with misleading affidavits against him. The high court reject his plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150597", "title": "Monica's in-laws charged with murder", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police have added murder charges in the FIR against husband and in-laws of Monica Goyal, a 36-year-old school teacher of Sector 21 who was recently found dead in her house. The move comes after police received a detailed conclusion report on their queries from the Central Forensic Sciences Laboratory.With the report not ruling out the possibility of murder, police added the charge in the case against husband of the woman Vikas Goyal, father-in-law Gyan Parkash, mother-in-law Prem Lata and a brother-in-law. Police sources said, \"In the conclusion report, CFSL did not rule out the possibility of Monica being hanged by the ceiling fan after her in-laws murdered her. The conclusion report also suggests that injury marks on her face were fresh.\"Monicaa's parents had been pressing for a case against her in-laws ever since she was found dead. Experts from CFSL conducted a dummy test of the crime in the room on October 16 and 17. The accused had already been arrested on charges of abetment to suicide. Four of the accused are in judicial custody at Model Burail jail.An abortive burglary attempt at Monicaa's house led to the sudden twist in investigations with police recovering a bloodstained undergarment of the deceased.An abortive burglary attempt at Monicaa's house led to the sudden twist in investigations with police recovering a bloodstained undergarment of the deceased. \"The blood on the undergarment matched with the sample of the deceased, which the CFSL mentions in its report,\" sources said. DSP (east) Vijay Kumar said, \"The conclusion report of CFSL will be tallied with the circumstances in which the body was recovered. All the four accused could be interrogated again in this regard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153101", "title": "Ram Charan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Nayak sets a new record", "text": "The trailer of the film is yet to hit the marquee but mega power star Ram Charan's Nayak is already garnering great buzz and setting new records for its trade business. The latest we hear is that the film's Karnataka rights have been reportedly picked up for a record price. Sources say that the Karnataka rights of Nayak has been bagged by Gayathri Films for a whopping 4.10 crores. Reports further add that this is the highest price offered for any Telugu film.Abhirami Movies bagged the film for an all-time record price in Tamil Nadu. Although the amount was undisclosed, sources close to Abhirami Movies said that the film was picked up for a record price. And Errabus has acquired Ram Charan-starrer Nayak's theatrical screening rights for UK &amp; Europe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17150785", "title": "Toxic threat in Diwali gaiety don't just shut your ears, cover eyes and nose too", "text": "KOLKATA: The city may have achieved reasonable success in curbing sound pollution during Diwali and Kali Puja but environmentalists and physicians warn that fireworks and crackers that are currently permitted for use can cause a lot of harm. For packed into rockets, sparklers and flowerpots are toxic metals that add colours to the fireworks display. They get dispersed into the air as particulate matter and enter the body as one breathes. If that's not all, the blinding light that some fireworks emit can damage the eye.Binoy K Dutta, chairman of pollution control board that had played a pivotal role in curbing noise pollution by banning loud crackers that emitted over 90 decibel (dB), expressed concern over the increased use of fireworks that emit colourful lights. \"It is time to take a relook at firecrackers and fireworks, examine the environment and health impacts, and build a consensus on discouraging those that are most harmful,\" Dutta told TOI.The combustible chemicals used during making fireworks include sulphur and nitrates. When these are ignited, they generate oxides of sulphur and nitrogen that are extremely harmful. Compounds of metals like copper, arsenic, cadmium, stroncium, barium, magnesium and aluminum are also used for colour effect. \"When the fireworks are lit, the metals settle on tree leaves and other surfaces in dust form. For a long time thereafter, they remain in the environment and are inhaled continuously and affect our respiratory tract,\" said Dutta.While bursting of crackers and fireworks in the open should not pose a problem, given that the particulate matter can disperse in the atmosphere, pulmonologist Anirban Deb pointed out that the weather conditions, coupled with volume of crackers exploded, turns the entire city into a gas chamber. \"Since the air is cool, particulate matter remains suspended close to the earth instead of dispersing upwards. Hence, when we breathe, apart from sulphur dioxide, carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide, small particles of cadmium, copper zinc, sodium, magnesium and manganese enter our system,\" said Deb.Every year, doctors report a spurt in respiratory cases just after Kali Puja and Diwali. \"Bronchial cases shoot up. A lot of people suffer asthama attack. Once that happens, it plagues the patients all winter,\" the physician said.Sekhar Bhowmick, who works in the Central Blood Bank and did his house-staffship in eyecare, said: cautions that the retina may be damaged by fireworks that emit very bright light.\"The blinding light in fireworks as well as infrared and ultra-violet lights used for decoration can damage the retina.Noise and air pollution apart, there is also light pollution that we need to be aware of,\"said Bhowmick.Though the sound menace has been curbed to a large extent in the city proper, it still remains a major problem in peripheral localities, including Salt Lake, Howrah and Baruipur. ENT specialists said they continue to receive cases of acoustic trauma just after the festival.According to ENT Kaushik Das, there is hearing impairment due to temporary or permanent damage to the inner ear. \"Any loud sound leads to temporary threshold shift and recovery is gradual. But if it is more serious, the effect can be permanent,\" he said.A large sound can also rapture the eardrum, causing sensory neural hearing loss (high frequency hearing loss). And if the ossicular assembly is disrupted(disturbance of three small bones), it leads to conductive hearing loss and can even cause vestibular or balance problem.The solution, Dutta suggests, is to troop down to the Strand Road and celebrate fireworks display over the Ganga. \"The world over, display of fireworks happens in the open and away from residential areas. An agency can organise a fireworks display from a barge on the river and people can watch from both banks,\" he proposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17150372", "title": "MP govt govt asks MSMEs to start work on MoUs", "text": "INDORE: In its bid to implement MoUs, it had signed with the MSMEs during the recently concluded GIS, the state government has sent a communique to all the 213 MSMEs that had signed the pact, to start work on their project. A source, familiar with the development, said that the idea behind sending off the letter to the forthcoming MSMEs was to remind them of starting their work in an expedited manner.The state government had announced a host of measures for the MSMEs during the inaugural day of the three-day summit which also include complete waiver of export tax for them forever. It means that MSMEs will not have to pay the 1% export tax to the municipal bodies concerned in case their products were being transported out of the municipal body purview.The measure was announced by the state chief minister, Shivraj Singh Chouhan, during the recently concluded Global Investors' Summit (GIS) in Indore. The summit focused on creating a strengthened policy and regulatory environment in the state for existing and prospective investors.Chouhan also promised MSMEs designated areas on each of 27 planned new industrial clusters and he explained that Rs 10 crore has been allocated to provide small businesses with technical assistance from the Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs). All the existing ITIs will be upgraded so that they were able to provide specified training to the unemployed youth in the state so that they could grab the new job opportunities to be created by the new MSMEs. The state government signed 213 memoranda of understanding with MSMEs during the summit.In Indore itself, which is the largest city in the state, export tax was introduced in 2006. However, it was protested against by Association of Industries Madhya Pradesh, which currently represents 1,000 MSMEs across the state.Talking to ToI, president of the Association, Ashok Badjatya, said, \"We want that all the policy announcements must be backed by framing of rules and notifications. Also, we want that the state government must expedite the process of spending the sum of Rs 340 crore, which had been announced by the state CM for improvement of infrastructure in the industrial areas of the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149303", "title": "38 fresh dengue cases in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dengue cases in the city touched 1,315 on Thursday, with 38 people testing positive for the disease.Of these, 15 were reported in north Delhi, 13 in the south and 10 in the east.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17150681", "title": "Sukhbir Badal left unprotected as guards dine", "text": "LAHORE: Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal and his 45-member delegation were left unprotected for a short while when their Pakistani police guards left their duty and went off to have dinner at a club here.The incident occurred on Wednesday night at the Royal Country Palm Club, where Pakistani businessmen had hosted a dinner for the Indian visitors.Punjab Police chief Haji Habibur Rehman took serious note of the \"security lapse\" and ordered an inquiry into the incident, officials told PTI.Superintendent of Police (Security) Shomail Akram, however, contended the incident was not a security lapse. \"The policemen performing duty with the Indian delegation were hungry and they had to eat at the function. They were present on the premises while having dinner and therefore there is no question of a security lapse,\" he argued.The Punjab Police chief's office said the inquiry would establish whether there was a security lapse.The Indian delegation on Wednesday visited Lahore Fort and Badshahi Mosque. They also went to the Food Street near the Mughal-era mosque.Sukhbir attended a youth festival along with Punjab chief minister Shahbaz Sharif .Leaders of the Pakistan People's Party, which is in power at the centre, hosted a luncheon for the delegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17149216", "title": "Schools yet to furnish data on infrastructure", "text": "PUNE: With the Supreme Court directing the Centre and state governments to provide basic infrastructure, including drinking water and toilets in all public and private schools within six months, 55 private schools out of 660 in the city still haven't furnished the data on the availability of these facilities in their premises, said officials of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), which is compiling the data.PMC officials said since these schools do not come under the authority of the PMC, it has been difficult to get them act on the directive. They, however, added that in a state-level meeting convened recently, the government is planning to delegate powers for the implementation of the directive to the PMC, after which the civic body can revoke the sanction of private schools failing to respond.A PMC official said the implementation of the directive is part of the Right to Education Act, and the PMC has to compile a report on the same and also ensure that the infrastructure required is in place in these schools before February 28, 2013. The SC had issued the directive on October 3.\"The provisions that the schools should have are separate toilet facilities for boys and girls, adequate drinking water facilities, sufficient classrooms, appointment of teaching and non-teaching staff in all schools, proper sanitation, one room mandatory for the headmaster, and a library, among other facilities,\" the official said.Additional municipal commissioner Naresh Zurmure said private schools do not come under the purview of PMC, due to which some of them have not responded to the civic body's directions on furnishing data of the infrastructural facilities available at their respective schools. \"In a recent state-level meeting, the government had planned the delegation of powers to the PMC, which will then be entrusted with the execution of these parameters in all private schools,\" said Zurmure, who had also called a meeting of all assistant education officers of PMC and the ward officers, asking them to monitor the implementation of the directive in the 309 civic schools in the city.\"The PMC will soon call a meeting of all the administrative managers of private schools. If private schools do not furnish the necessary data on their infrastructure, we will revoke their sanction once the state government delegates powers to the PMC to implement the SC directive in all schools, including private schools,\" said Zurmure.Though data on the infrastructural lacunae in the 309 PMC schools has been compiled, that of the 660 private schools has yet to see the light of day, as 55 private schools in the city (28 of which are affiliated to the CBSE board) have not furnished the necessary data on the availability of the provisions mandated by the SC in its directive.Meanwhile, work order has been issued to fulfill the infrastructural lacunae in PMC schools, said officials. In an assessment of the 309 PMC schools, 18 schools were found to be facing a deficiency of 62 classrooms, 35 of the 154 head masters in the schools assessed did not have separate rooms, two schools did not have ramps for physically-disabled children, another two schools had less than the required number of toilets, while nine schools did not have compounds for playing. No other facilities were found wanting in PMC schools, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17151924", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Starless Mumbai take on 'homeless' Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: KL Saini Stadium will not be quite home for Rajasthan as they gear up to face formidable Mumbai at this venue in their second Ranji Trophy clash of the season from Friday.Having come out second best in the season opener against Bengal in Kolkata, Hrishikesh Kanitkar's defending champions will be looking for a few points this time.But then, with the home advantage neutralized, the road ahead looks quite tough and as Mumbai's stand-in skipper Rohit Sharma said after practice on Thursday, facing the defending champions is hardly a daunting task for them.\"It doesn't matter whether they are the defending champions or not, we will play our own game. We don't have any special plans for them.\"Sharma, who will lead Mumbai in the absence of the injured Ajit Agarkar , will visit the ground early on Friday morning before finalizing the playing XI. \"From what we have heard, it will help the seamers in the morning,\" he said.Curator Tapash Chatterjee hinted that it will indeed assist the seamers early on and has even advised the captain winning the toss to field first.Kanitkar, in his three years with Rajasthan, has never played on the ground and admits it won't be quite like home. \"But then, these things do happen,\" he said. \"It is a part of the game.\"Rajasthan played their last Ranji game here four years ago and medium-pacer Pankaj Singh recalled that it did help the seamers then.Being an open ground (with no stands around it), there will be an element of unpredictability early on. The openers will have a difficult job at hand. However, the wicket should ease up as the day goes by, making batting relatively easy.The positive thing for Rajasthan is that their misfiring openers are both from Jaipur and have played enough cricket at the KL Saini Stadium to be familiar with the conditions there. That will be of little solace to Kanitkar, though as Ankit Lamba, who stepped into Aakash Chopra's shoes, having failed to impress so far.Kanitkar, despite his advancing age, will once again be the backbone of the Rajasthan batting along with Robin Bist. Kanitkar incidentally had scored 141 when these two teams had met in Mumbai last year. Ashok Menaria too needs to convert some of his talent into runs.Mumbai would see quite a few changes, with Sachin Tendulkar, Ajinkya Rahane , Zaheer Khan and Agarkar not being in the line-up.\"We always knew that Sachin and Zaheer would play only one match and were prepared for that,\" Sharma said.However, he agreed that they will miss Agarkar's experience. \"Ajit will definitely be missed,\" Sharma said. The regular skipper was injured in the game against Railways, in which he picked up three wickets.Sharma added that Rahane's absence would not be felt so much as they had a strong batting line-up . Rahane had scored 129 and 84 against Railways.Kshemal Waingankar, Suryakumar Yadav, Hiken Shah, Shardul Thakur and Shoaib Shaikh are the additions in the side.OTHER RANJI FIXTURESGROUP A: Gujarat vs Saurashtra to be played at Surat; Hyderabad vs Madhya Pradesh, Uppal Punjab vs Bengal, Mohali.Group B: Baroda vs Vidarbha, Vadodara; Delhi vs Odisha, Delhi; Maharashtra vs Uttar Pradesh, Pune; Tamil Nadu vs Karnataka, Chepauk.Group C: Goa vs Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Porvorim; Himachal Pradesh vs Services, Nadaun; Jharkhand vs Assam, Jamshedpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17150437", "title": "Mercury down, woolens demand up", "text": "INDORE: This Diwali, ensure that you budget for warm clothes apart from the festival ones. Winter has set its foot in the city. As per the data with the Met department, the mercury has dropped by a good three degree Celsius within a week and is expected to drop further in the days to come.\"Northerly winds are creating the weather conditions and a further dip of two degrees is expected during Diwali,\" said a Met official.The minimum temperature on November 1 was 15.9 degree Celsius. It dropped by around three degrees and was recorded at 11.8 degrees on November 8.After the Neelam storm hit the southern coasts, the city had witnessed a rise in temperature. \"But the mercury has started its south-ward journey and it is expected to either remain the same or go down further till Diwali,\" said director the met department, DP Dubey.Last year's data with the department shows that the temperature was above the normal mark around this time of the season. \"Compared to last year, winter is more intense this year,\" he said.City markets are already witnessing good demand for woolens. \"Its just first week of November and it gets pretty cold in the evenings hours. I have three children. The youngest is five-year old. I have to be prepared and hence the shopping for warm clothes,\" said Ratna Chouksey, a homemaker.\"Winter is my favourite season. One gets to shop for new warm clothes. I have started updating my wardrobe for the winters.\" said Ishita Jain an engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17149447", "title": "Women cadres gear up for polls", "text": "Berhampur: Keeping an eye on the forthcoming civic body elections, the ruling BJD organized the party's women workers' conference here on Thursday. Several women party workers from eight wards (8 to 20) of the Berhampur Municipal Corporation (BMC) attended the conference.The first such conference was held on October 31 in the town. At least three more such meets will be held to cover all the wards in a phased manner, said MLA (Berhampur) R Ch Chyaupatnaik.The number of BMC wards is likely to increase after the reorganization of wards. The government is thereafter expected to notify reservations for women.\"Since the government has increased the reservation of woman from 33 to 50% in the civic bodies from next elections, we are encouraging women in urban areas to face the election, scheduled to be held after six months,\" Chyaupatnaik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17151324", "title": "Not possible to give more power to TN: Centre to SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Thursday submitted to the Supreme Court that it was not possible to supply additional power, surrendered by Delhi, to Tamil Nadu.The Centre told a bench, headed by Chief Justice Altamas Kabir, that the power grid in the state had not got the ability to absorb the power. \"Grid has not got the capacity for absorbing additional power, and Tamil Nadu is itself responsible for it,\" attorney general GE Vahanvati told the bench.He said the state had filed the petition before the apex court on superficial grounds.The bench, however, said it would look into the matter and issued notice to the Centre and asked it to file its reply. It also asked the Central Electricity Authority to file a report on the issue and listed the case for further hearing on November 29.The bench was hearing a suit filed by Tamil Nadu for a direction to the Centre to reallocate the entire power surrendered by Delhi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 230MW round-the-clock and 1,491MW between midnight and 6am \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to it.The Tamil Nadu government, in its petition, had said that due to the failure of the south-west monsoon, it was facing an acute shortage of power and the Centre should not reallocate the power surrendered by Delhi to other states. agenciesGrid has not got the capacity for absorbing additional power and Tamil Nadu is itself responsible for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151418", "title": "Civic body finds caterers cooking train food in filth and sewage", "text": "CHENNAI: To put it mildly, chances are you're less likely to be indisposed if you carry your own food instead of ordering a meal on a Southern Railway train.Chennai Corporation officials on Wednesday found that two caterers contracted to supply food to the railways had subcontracted the work to cooks in Egmore, who were preparing food, meant for train passengers, on the terrace of a building in the midst of overflowing sewage.Civic body officials carried out the inspection after receiving a complaint from a family on Veerasamy Road in Egmore. The family said a building next door constantly reeked of rotting vegetables and faeces. When corporation health officers inspected the building, they found a large kitchen on the terrace near a bathroom.\"There were vessels and vegetables on the terrace which was covered in sewage from the bathroom,\" said an officer who visited the spot.When they questioned the man in charge of the kitchen, they learned that the food was to be supplied to passengers on the Kerala-bound Guruvayur Express and the Madurai-bound Vaigai Express. Siva, 35, told civic body officials that he supplied food packages to R&Co; and C K K Catering, two agencies under contract with Southern Railways'. Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan immediately ordered the officials to seal the building and inform the railways about what they had found.\"We have written a letter to the railways, warning that food prepared in such unhygienic conditions could lead to an outbreak of disease among passengers,\" an official said.Southern Railway officials reportedly promised the civic body that they would strike the two caterers off their list of food suppliers and suspend their contracts. However, they could not provide corporation officials with any explanation on how they had awarded the contracts to the firms without checking their facilities and the conditions in which they prepared food.An official said passengers make innumerable complaints about the quality and taste of food they are provided, but Southern Railway officials carry few quality control checks.Catering firms bid for tenders floated by the railways to supply meals aboard trains. Contracts are awarded on the basis of the caterer's track record and the lowest bidding price, but this is subject to clearance by a health inspector. Railways' health inspectors are supposed to inspect kitchens where food is cooked before the contract is issued.However, this is done only twice during the contract period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jehanabad", "code": "17149925", "title": "Three-day youth fest concludes", "text": "JEHANABAD: As many as 200 young artists drawn from different blocks of the district participated in the three- day youth festival held from November 5 to 7 at Abdul Bari Town Hall here.All young faces bubbling with hope and confidence, participated in various forms of art including painting, handicrafts, chorus singing and dancing, light music, folk dance and songs, ballad singing, classical and semi- classical dance and music spread over three days. Particularly artists participating in musical performances regaled the audience on all the three days.On the concluding day, 20-year-old Kritima Singh stole the show in classical dance and song categories. When she finished singing a classical song, the entire Town Hall reverberated with thunderous applause. Artists performing under categories of folk music, folk songs and ballad singing also won applaud. Most of the artists performed with tremendous confidence as they knew they were engaged in a keen competition with one another.Concluding the three-day festival on Wednesday, Jehanabad SP Harpreet Kaur gave away appreciation letters to the three winners from each category. Those standing first in various categories will represent the district at the state-level youth festival to be held in Purnia in January 2013.Addressing the participants and the audience, the SP said Jehanabad abounds in talents. She urged the education department officials and teachers to encourage the students to hone their skills and give them an exposure to Indian art and culture by organising workshops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150489", "title": "CBI refuses bail to Desh Raj", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The special CBI court refused to grant bail to suspended superintendent of police (SP) Chandigarh, Desh Raj Singh who was arrested for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs one lakh from his subordinate, inspector Anokh Singh. The court refused bail after the CBI argued that Deshraj could influence investigations after being released.The tainted officer sought bail on the grounds of his daughtera's illness. Desh Raja's counsel argued that there was no other male member in his family to look after his three-year-old ailing daughter, Kunjal Singh. The counsel also put forth arguments like the absence of shadow witnesses and proven bribe demand in the transcript of the conversation between Desh Raj and the complainant.The CBI arrested Desh Raj for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 1 lakh on October 18. The 2008 batch IPS officer reportedly demanded Rs 5 lakh from Sector 26 police station SHO Anokh Singh in exchange of a favorable report in five departmental inquiries pending against him. Following his arrest, he was suspended by the ministry of home affairs. The officer is in judicial custody and is lodged in Burail jail. The main case will come up for hearing on November 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "17149882", "title": "Opening of convention hall awaits CM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s return from Pakistan", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: The inauguration of the International Convention Hall at Rajgir on Wednesday was postponed till chief minister Nitish Kumar returns from his tour of Pakistan.The convention hall, built at a cost of over Rs 33 crore, has a seating capacity of 1,300 and also includes a seminar hall having a seating capacity of 300.That apart, it has two halls with a seating capacity of 150 each, two smaller halls with seating capacity of 50 each and two other halls with seating capacity of 30 each.The basement of the convention hall has an audio-visual hall which can accommodate 150 persons.The multi-purpose convention hall, spread over an area of 7.85 acres having a built-in area of over 11,500 square feet meant for holding national or international conventions, will add colour to this international tourist area of the state. It also has an open air theatre having the capacity to accommodate 900 persons.The Nalanda DM, Sanjay Kumar Agarwal, who, along with Rajgir SDO Rachna Patil and SP Nishant Kumar Tiwary, who reviewed the preparation made in connection with the chief minister's proposed visit here, said that the best technology was used in the construction of the International Convention Hall, as the building is earthquake resistant and all the halls and the auditorium are completely sound proof and equipped with the latest fire fighting system.The foundation stone of the convention hall was laid by CM Nitish Kumar on September 29, 2009 and had planted golmuhar and mahogany saplings there on December 26, 2011 during his 'Vikas Yatra'.The foundation stone of the convention hall was laid by CM Nitish Kumar on September 29, 2009 and had planted golmuhar &amp; mahogany saplings there on December 26, 2011 during his 'Vikas Yatra'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17150325", "title": "V Narayanasamy sparks new N-plant row, leaves DMK seething", "text": "CHENNAI: A new controversy has erupted over the contentious Kudankulam nuclear power plant project, threatening to create a rift between the Congress and the DMK, partners in the UPA at the Centre. A statement by Union MoS in the PMO V Narayanasamy that while the AIADMK has consistently supported the project, the DMK hasn't, is said to have upset M Kaurnanidhi.\"The AIADMK has been supporting the project consistently. But the DMK has changed. Support of the AIADMK is enough for us. We don't need the DMK's support,\" Narayanasamy reportedly said in an interview to a Tamil magazine, which hit the stands on Thursday.Karunanidhi said in a statement, \"Narayanasamy has expressed views that indicate that the DMK is opposed to the Kudankulam project while the AIADMK is supporting it.\" Alleging that it was J Jayalalithaa, who initially delayed the project by meeting protesters, passing a cabinet resolution and writing a letter to the Prime Minister to stop it until the fears of locals were allayed, Karunanidhi said, \"Is Narayanasamy not aware of all this? We are not against developmental projects like the nuclear plant. We are in favour of industrial growth in a scientific manner.\"Party sources said the DMK leader was \"irritated\" with Narayanasamy's comments. \"Narayanasamy has praised the state government and even compared the AIADMK with the alliance partner (DMK). When political parties in the country are preparing for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, we are forced to suspect the motive behind his comments and the timing of the interview,\" said a DMK leader.When contacted, Narayanasamy told TOI that he was misquoted in parts by the magazine. \"The DMK is our alliance partner. I have been in good terms with Kalaignar (Karunanidhi) and other DMK leaders. Both the Congress and the DMK share a good rapport. I never said we don't need the DMK's support,\" he said. As for the Kudankulam project, both the DMK and the AIADMK are supporting the Centre and Karunanidhi's statement also confirms their strong support, he said.\"We have to admit that the state government is taking care of the law and order situation (with regard to the anti-nuclear protests) well and it has supported early commissioning of the project,\" said a senior Congress leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17148976", "title": "Stepmother entitled for maintenance: Bombay HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Dismissing the plea of two sons who opposed giving maintenance to their stepmother, the Aurangabad Bench of the Bombay High Court has ruled that she is entitled to get maintenance from stepsons. The brothers had prayed for quashing the order of Judicial Magistrate First Class (JMFC) at Degloor in Nanded district who had granted the 55-year-old stepmother an interim maintenance of Rs 750 per month from them.Justice TV Nalawade, while referring to Supreme Court verdicts refused to interfere with the JMFC's findings and dismissed criminal application filed by Dr Ravikumar and Shriniwas Chetlawar challenging the findings. According to them, their father late Gopalkishan had married Radhabai. As she was unable to conceive, their father entered into second marriage with their mother and both of them were born to second wife. However, their father bequeathed all his property to his two sons leaving nothing for his first wife. She then approached the JMFC for getting regular maintenance from stepsons.Citing Section 125 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) that deals with order of maintenance for wives, children and husbands, JMFC ruled in stepmother's favour directing the petitioners to pay her monthly interim maintenance of Rs 750. They challenged this on the grounds that since Radhabai was their stepmother, she didn't come under Section 125. They placed reliance on a 1976 judgment of Bombay High Court that had strictly and literally interpreted the term 'mother' in a positivist way to exclude stepmothers from the ambit of Section 125.Radhabai's counsel, however, relied on two judgments of the apex court. One is Kirtikant Vadodaria versus State of Gujarat of 1996 that had interpreted the term 'mother' in a liberal sense with regard to purpose of the legislation. That verdict stated \"a childless stepmother may claim maintenance from her stepson provided she is a widow or her husband, if living, is also incapable of supporting and maintaining her.\"Justice Nalawade also observed that both petitioners were professionally qualified (Ravikumar is doctor and Shriniwas is an engineer) and had secure government jobs and therefore can pay the meagre amount of maintenance. Considering the facts and taking into account the apex court judgments that are binding precedents unlike high court judgments that only have a persuasive value, Justice Nalawade upheld the Degloor JMFC order.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150035", "title": "Life sentence means for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcwhole natural life\u00e2\u20ac\u2122: HC", "text": "PATNA: In an important decision, the Patna high court recently referred to a ruling of Supreme Court to hold that 14 years or 20 years of imprisonment under the guidelines of state jail manual for serving the life term in case of murder is inadequate as the life sentence means sentence for 'whole natural life'.A division bench of Justice Shyam Kishore Sharma and Justice Amaresh Kumar Lal gave the verdict upholding the judgement of additional district and sessions judge-6, Patna, awarding life sentence to a murder accused, Ajit Singh, for killing Shreeram Singh on June 18, 2000, in Bikram for which an FIR was lodged with Bikram police station in Patna district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17157131", "title": "NDMC kicks off Children's Day celebration in schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: All children should be given same level of education as it will not only promote the principle of equality but also improve the education system in all the government schools, BJP leader Rajnath Singh said here on Thursday.\"There should be no discrimination in imparting school education on the ground of rich or poor. All the children be given the same level of education to follow the principle of equality.\"This will not only promote the principle of equality, but would also improve the education system in all government schools,\" he said, inaugurating Children's Day celebration organised by North Delhi Municipal Corporation at Rani Jhansi Stadium in Keshavpuram.While praising children's performance, he said education and training in extra-curricular activities being imparted by teachers in government schools were at par with public schools.Mira Agarwal, Mayor of North Delhi, said municipal schools are giving special emphasis on moral education and were taking care of their all round development.NDMC deputy Mayor Azad Singh said, \"he had also studied in the municipal school and later on he served as sports teacher in one of the schools.\"Around 1,500 children from municipal schools presented colourful and attractive cultural programme on the occasion of Bal Diwas Celebration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17151835", "title": "Old charm returns as birds flock back to Sarovar", "text": "KOLKATA: You don't have to travel to the neighbouring district to get a glimpse of the winged visitors at Santragachhi jheel any more. Decades after the migratory birds turned away from Rabindra Sarovar, they have flocked back to the heart of the city this year, much to the delight of the environmentalists.The green brigade of the city was so much excited with the change of sight \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from dirt and filth to colourful creatures \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that they immediately conducted a census on the birds. So now we know we have more than 900 Indian cormorants, 20 great cormorants, 20-plus Indian pond herons, 40-plus rose-ringed parakeets, three white-throated kingfisher, 10-plus Asian pied starlings,10 black kites,one bone-win jacana, one white-breasted water hen, among other winged species as our guests. Green NGO Nature Mates-Nature Club was roped in for the census. The team, led by founder member Anjan Basu Roy,surveyed 421 nests of the birds on 15 trees.\"The census will serve as a benchmark in the coming years. After next year's census, we'll know how congenial the lake has become for birds,\" said Basu Roy.The193-acre Sarovar area is home to parrots, barbets, startling, mynah and harder-to-spot birds like golden oriole and red-throated flycatcher as well.\"The presence of birds has suddenly made Rabindra Sarovar extremely vibrant. So we thought, why not put it on record ?\" reasoned Vivek Bharadwaj, chief executive officer (CEO) of the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA). It's the KMDA that has changed the face of the lake through a series of biodiversity related projects. The greener grounds have already given the Victoria Memorial a tough run for its money with morning walkers switching allegiance to the \"less-fancied\" lake, which was considered shady and unsafe till the other day.If arrival of the birds was good news for the nature lovers and the authorities, another report from the state pollution board can certainly be dubbed as the icing on the cake. The board has recently acknowledged the increase in oxygen level in the 73-acre waterbody, upgrading it to level \"C\" from the consistent \"D\" that had been tagged with it for years now.Mudar Patherya, who has worked in some citizen initiatives like cleaning the Santragachhi Lake, said the census would help generate funds and attention. \"One has noticed the sharp rise in the number of water birds at the lake because these days,there is a lot of emphasis to keep the place clean and green. The islands have turned white with bird dropping. That's something to reckon with,\"said Patherya.The flash point of the census was an incident last Friday. Around 20 boys started killing the birds and destroying their nests. \"They seemed to have noticed the sudden increase in the number of birds. They swam to the islands and started poaching freely until the cops were called in and four of the miscreants were taken into custody,\" said Sudhin Nandy, executive engineer of the Kolkata Improvement Trust.Ornithologist Kushal Mukherjee pointed at a bigger evil for the water birds : \"The boats in the lake will continue to be a deterrent to water birds. I guess nothing can be done to stop the rowing at Sarovar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17151886", "title": "Get your visa to China in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Plan to visit China? Getting your Visa done will no more be a bother. The consulate general of the people's republic of China opened a Chinese visa application centre at Salt Lake on Thursday.The new facility will deal with collection of visa applications and delivery services. It has tied up with VFS Global, one of the largest outsourcing and technology services specialist for diplomatic missions and governments worldwide.\"It gives us great pleasure to unveil this facility in the east. We are already operating in Mumbai, New Delhi,\" said Murali Raghavan, COO (South Asia and CIS), VSF Global.A website has also been created to make the process hassle free for travellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17150929", "title": "Traders blamed for traffic chaos", "text": "VARANASI: The traffic police blame the traders for the worsening traffic scene in the city.SP traffic GN Khanna said that in the case of launching any drive to end problems like on-road parking of vehicles for loading and unloading of goods in markets like Visheshwarganj, Maidagin and others of old city area, the traders start making hue and cry. Finding a solution to such a problem is also proving difficult in many markets where the showrooms and big commercial establishments are being operated without making the provision of parking. The SP said that due to non-cooperation of civil police and regional transport department, putting a check on illegal plying of passenger vehicles on roads is proving impossible.The traffic police authorities are also worried due to the high number of rickshaws but they are unable to initiate action in this regard as Varanasi Municipal Corporation is responsible for it. Keeping the ground realities in view, emphasis is being laid on engineering aspects, he said, adding that creation of road dividers, zebra crossing and stop lines are the part of same exercise.The SP traffic said that electronic traffic signals have been made functional at four prominent crossings of the city but in the absence of traffic cops to regulate traffic, traffic is getting paralysed. Training of locals to follow electric traffic signals is a must.This effort would continue on roads while traffic education is also being imparted in educational institutions. Till date, the training programme had been completed at 25 educational institutions while by the end of traffic month, 150 more schools and colleges would be covered.He said that no-horn zones had been declared at 50 points and punitive action is also being initiated in such zones. Some busiest crossing had been identified where anti-encroachment drives are continuing on regular basis. He said that the condition of roads had also been improved in many areas and a desired improvement in traffic scene is expected by the end of traffic month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17148736", "title": "CM to petition Centre over foreign property seizure", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday assured a British business group of interceding with the Centre over the issue of properties in Goa belonging to foreigners being confiscated by the enforcement directorate (ED) in the recent past.He clarified that the issue was not really within his power as the properties were confiscated for violation of FEMA ( Foreign Exchange Management Act). He asked the group to wait till January 15 when they could approach him and he would take up the issue with the central government to seek a solution.In 2006, around 350 cases of properties bought by foreigners who had come on a tourist visa had come to light. The ED has attached a few properties in the last two years and is conducting a hearing in many other cases.With members of the group complaining that sub-registrars in Goa refuse to register their properties acquired for business purposes, Parrikar clarified that the government would allow the registration of land for the purpose of company investment and not for individual purchase. He assured the group that he would instruct sub-registrars and reverse the directions of the earlier government.Parrikar assured the British group that his government welcomed an environment-friendly industry in the state, including the environment-friendly pharma industry. He praised the British medical system and said Goa would welcome British expertise as it sought to boost medical tourism here.The chief minister assured the British business group that they were welcome to approach him with any problems and stressed that from 2013 his administration would be smoother. Stating that he is an industrialist, Parrikar said that industrialists should be treated with respect. He said his government would issue clearances to their business proposals within 30 days. Stating that his government would support service-oriented industries, he also assured the group that his government will come up with an upgraded investment policy in the next couple of months.The British business group was represented by president Baryl Naffe, vice- president Peter Pinto and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17150103", "title": "IIM-Lucknow witnesses 100% summer placement", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Indian Institute of Management Lucknow this year has seen 100% summer placements. The batch of 453 students bagged over 500 offers from more than 220 companies that participated in the process. The entire process was complete in five days with 150 students bagging job offers in a single day. The biggest recruiters in terms of offers made were Amazon (13), Accenture Management Consulting (10), Headstrong Consulting (10) and Aditya Birla Group (9) closely followed by other regular recruiters, who reinstated their faith in the quality of talent at IIM Lucknow.\"Even with respect to stipend, over last year's figures, IIM Lucknow saw a near 20% increase across all recruiters with the average stipend being close to Rs 50,000 per month for domestic locations,\" the institute said in a press statement. Besides, firms such as A T Kearney, Macquarie, BNP Paribas , Wolff Olins , Zephyr PLC, eBay and many others were new entrants this year. Among international recruiters Deutsche Bank GMC, HUL , P&G;, ABG, Coke and PepsiCo extended a total of approximately 20 international offers.The function-wise break up released by the institute showed that consulting offers went up with more then 21% of the offers coming from prestigious firms such as McKinsey &amp; Company, The Boston Consulting Group, AT Kearney, Accenture Management Consulting, Deloitte US, Pricewaterhouse Coopers among others.Marketing continued to be the stronghold of IIM-L with around 36% of the offers coming from various firms such as Hindustan Unilever Limited, Procter and Gamble , Reckitt Benckiser , L'Oreal, Asian Paints , Colgate Palmolive , Godrej , GlaxoSmithKline, ITC and Marico among others.Students also opted for general management roles from companies including Tata Administrative Services, Aditya Birla Group, Mahindra and Mahindra and Reliance Industries Limited among others. Over 12% offers were made in this domain.Hiring by financial firms at IIM Lucknow has seen a rising trend over the past few years with over 18% of the offers this year coming from firms such as BNP Paribas, Macquarie, Deutsche Bank, Citibank Global Markets, Standard Chartered Financial Markets and American Express among others.The summer placement process also saw participation from private equity firms such as Samara Capital, Multiples Alternate Asset Management, and Zephyr Management LP along with hedge funds from Singapore and Hong Kong. Remaining offers came from domains such as operations, HR and IT from firms like Asian Paints, Tata Steel , Infosys , Citibank, Procter &amp; Gamble, Amazon, Flipkart.com, Microsoft, Yahoo and Hindustan Unilever Limited among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17150218", "title": "K Chandrasekhar Rao unlikely to attend TJAC meet tomorrow", "text": "HYDERABAD: At a time when the Telangana political parties are devising their own electoral strategies to win the next elections, the Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (TJAC) has called for its steering committee meeting on Saturday and decided to invite the member political parties including the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS), BJP, and New Democratic Party.The steering committee meeting has its political significance, as it is the first time that it is being convened after the BJP handed a shocking defeat to the TRS in Mahbubnagar bypoll earlier this year that created a rift between TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao and TJAC chairman M Kodandaram. Even as the efforts for a patch up is on, it is to be seen whether KCR would take part in the steering committee meeting because the much-awaited meeting between him and Kodandaram is yet to take place.\"We will invite all the stakeholders including TRS, BJP, and the New Democratic Party. It is up to them to call on further strategies to take forward the Telangana movement while pursuing their own political agenda,\" said Swamy Goud, convener of TJAC.While Goud parried a question on the possibility of KCR taking part in the meeting, the sources ruled out the possibility as the TRS chief preferred preparing his party to face the elections all alone and he didn't want to associate with the BJP in any manner.As if to endorse this view, KCR said in Karimnagar, while addressing a press conference, \"BJP is a communal party and it is dangerous to allow it to grow. Apart preferring to face the elections on our own, we want to keep the BJP at a distance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149714", "title": "Play the game cleanly: Randhir Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"We will pull it off,\" Randhir Singh said with a confident smile on Thursday.The Indian Olympic Association (IOA) secretary general, who maintained a stoic silence this past week even as the rival lobby led by Abhay Singh Chautala got into a furious campaign mode for the November 25 IOA elections, has decided to meet the challenge head on now.Aware that the poll process has entered a decisive phase, Randhir, a prospective presidential candidate, hit out at his detractors suggesting that they were spreading misinformation.\"The mails circulating (pledging support for Chautala) are misleading and creating confusion,\" he said, referring to different letters sent by IOA members to each other in the run-up to the elections.\"If you are a sportsperson, you would know how to play the game cleanly. What they are doing is ugly,\" the former shooter said.The IOA secretary general also said that he was hurt that some people in IOA were \"denting its image.\" \"It's bringing a bad name to IOA. Some people don't understand that they are showing IOA in bad light at the international level.\"Meanwhile, Hockey India secretary general Narinder Batra claimed in a letter that Randhir was not eligible to contest the elections.\"IOC is a body registered in Switzerland and you are representing in IOA (India) of body registered in Switzerland, Can you please let me understand as to how you can even contest election in a society registered in India in which representative of a foreign society/body cannot be office bearers, especially the president,\" Batra wrote in the letter to Randhir, copies of which were sent to other office-bearers.Randhir rubbished claim that IOC members should excuse themselves from contesting the elections.\"There are many IOC members who are presidents and secretaries in different sports bodies,\" said Randhir who is also an IOC member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jehanabad", "code": "17149902", "title": "Villager on fast to protest irregularities", "text": "JEHANABAD: Satyendra Kumar Singh, 35, a native of village Narayanpur under Ratani Block in Jehanabad district, has been sitting on an indefinite fast on the premises of his village school since Tuesday to press for his 10-point charter of demands, all related to local development issues.It is to be noted here that in the late 90s, Narayanpur witnessed a massacre in which seven Dalits were allegedly mowed down by the armed desperadoes of the now defunct Ranvir Sena.The village was then visited by a host of VVIPs including the UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi. Despite assurances, Narayanpur still continues to cry for basic infrastructure. Singh is a known social activist of the area. His desicion to proceed on fast was not sudden. In fact, he has been moving from the DM's 'Janata durbar' to the CM's 'Janata durbar' for the past several months for redressal of his grievances. But when nothing was done at both the levels to address the issues raised by him, he was left with no option than to resort to direct action.Talking to TOI over phone, Singh said their is rampant corruption in allotment of IAY units, preparation of BPL and APL lists, distribution of mid-day meals in schools and rehabilitation of power transmission lines under Ratani block.He said the APL and BPL lists are faulty as many poor families have been put on the APL roll while many ineligible rich families figure in the BPL list. And this all has happened due to alleged collusion of panchayat-level functionaries with the middlemen active at the block level.He alleged that some power board officials have swindled Rs 3.27 lakh in the rehabilitation of power transmission lines at Narayanpur because the villagers have themselves arranged poles and transmission wire at their own cost. Singh said he will continue his fast until his demands are fulfilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149310", "title": "Energy conservation tribunal to start work soon", "text": "NAGPUR: More than ten years after the enactment of Energy Conservation Act, the central government has finally started the process to constitute the appellate tribunal for energy conservation (ATEC).The Tribunal will hear appeals filed by individuals or organizations aggrieved by the orders of officials of central or state government levying a penalty for violation of Energy Conservation Act.The tribunal, headed by a chairman, will have strength of either three of four. The other members being judicial and technical members. The chairman will either be a retired judge of the Supreme Court or chief justice of a high court. There are eligibility criteria for members too. The appointments will be for five years.A person appealing against the penalty levied by central or state government will have to deposit the amount with the ATEC while filing the petition. However, the Tribunal can waive off this condition in a particular case if it feels that the petitioner will face undue hardship. It will impose conditions it thinks fit to ensure that the petitioner pays the fine if he loses the case.The appeal will have to be filed within forty-five days from the date on which a copy of the order made by the adjudicating officer is received by the petitioner. The ATEC may entertain an appeal after forty-five days if it is satisfied that there was sufficient cause for not filing it within this period.ATEC is not bound by the procedure laid down by the Code of Civil Procedure but will be guided by the principles of natural justice and subject to the other provisions of the Energy Conservation Act. The Tribunal has powers to regulate it own procedure.ATEC has the same powers as a civil court under the Code of Civil Procedure. It can summon a witness for examining him and in case he evades summons, can direct the police to arrest him. It can also direct a person or agency to produce documents required in a case. A person filing an appeal before the Tribunal may either appear in person or take assistance of a legal practitioner or an accredited energy auditor to present his case.Any person aggrieved by the decision of the Tribunal can file an appeal before the Supreme Court within sixty days from the date of communication of the order of the Tribunal. If the SC feels that the petitioner had genuine reasons preventing him from filing an appeal within sixty days then it can provide another sixty days for doing so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17152052", "title": "Odafe's Bagan ready for easy pickings", "text": "NEW DELHI: The chill and haze of a Delhi morning is enough to dampen the spirits of the Dilliwalas but not the visitors from Kolkata.The Mohun Bagan players, who had a feel of the Jawaharlal Nehru turf on Thursday morning where they will face ONGC a day later, looked a happy bunch ahead of their I-League encounter. And there are enough reasons for that.After a dreadful start to the season and the sacking of coach Santosh Kashyap, Bagan have turned the tide under the guidance of manager in-charge Mridul Banerjee and talismanic striker Okolie Odafe.After losing their first two I-League encounters, Bagan found their winning touch against Air India in a hard-fought game. Perhaps the news of Karim Bencharifa taking over added the much-needed boost to their flagging morale since their dismal show in the Federation Cup.In their last outing, Odafe showed the fans why his stock is so high as he scored a hat-trick to pummel Sporting Clube de Goa at the Salt Lake Stadium.What impressed the Bagan players most is the pitch of the JLN stadium here which has already earned a name for being India's happy hunting ground.Syed Rahim Nabi, Nirmal Chhetri and young midfielder Jewel Raja, India internationals playing for Bagan, return to the arena where they tamed the lions from Cameroon not so long ago.The hour-long knock about showed that the cloud over Bagan has dispersed and the Odafe has taken charge of the ship and is determined to steer it out of choppy waters.\"We are a committed lot now. The feel is good,\" said the Bagan goal-machine, who won many a battle all by himself for Churchill Brothers.Happy to find his scoring boots, Odafe added, \"It is my job to score and it makes me happy. But the ground condition makes me happier. It will help us play good football.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17152908", "title": "Anirudh introduces new talent in Tamil", "text": "Young music composer Anirudh seems to be keen on introducing new singers in Tamil cinema. For his Dhanush production, titled Ethir Neechal, Anirudh has gotten Punjabi rapper Yo Yo Honey Singh to belt out a song.Honey Singh is allegedly the highest paid singer in Bollywood . Anirudh has also roped in Hip Hop Aadhi to sing a number. The Tamil hip hop singer is making his debut in Kollywood with this film.Anirudh says, \"The audio will be young and peppy. I am sure youngsters will like these Ethir Neechal tracks.\"Dhanush has also penned two songs for this flick and sung them. After 3 , this is the second time the two have gotten together for a film audio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150532", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation shuts down complex after fire", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has sought to demolish structures in Safal Pegasus commercial complex in Prahladnagar which were added after the fire safety NOC was issued.A major fire broke out in the building on Tuesday afternoon, injuring several of the 300 people present. A notice for immediate demolition is being drafted. AMC's action comes ahead of the hearing in an ongoing PIL before the Gujarat high court (HC) regarding implementation of fire safety norms in high rises.On Thursday, members of the commercial complex rushed to the AMC fire department, requesting it to lift the ban on use of the building. \"We've made it amply clear to every member that they would have to support demolition of structures responsible for spreading panic because of excessive smoke trapped as well as those which helped the fire spread,\" says a senior AMC fire department official. This official conducted a detailed assessment of the building after the fire.\"The developer has left little space for ventilation between floors. Extra walls were constructed on the lower floors. Special iron grills were fitted on ventilation spaces and extra walls constructed after the fire safety NOC was given to them. We will now ask that these structures be demolished, the complex be made more airy and that new fire safety features be added,\" says the senior fire officer.The construction had thrown several safety features to the wind. For instance the wiring system to trigger fire safety equipment was completely burnt before anybody could trigger the system or press the alarm.\"We will also ask them to change the fire safety system. It was ridiculous to see how a small fire, which could be handled by portable fire extinguishers, spread quickly for lack of ventilation and forced people to jump from the building,\" adds the fire official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17148697", "title": "One booked for stealing diesel", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police have booked Domingos Godinho, a resident of Panchwadi in Ponda for alleged theft of five litres of diesel from a barrel kept at mines.Police said M P Cota, deputy general manager (operations) of Fomento Company lodged a complaint with them that Godinho allegedly committed theft of diesel worth 240 from a barrel on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17149948", "title": "Lawyers' strike paralyzes work at Gauhati HC's Imphal bench", "text": "IMPHAL: Work at Gauhati high court's Imphal bench came to a grinding halt on Thursday as lawyers of the bench began an indefinite ceasework in pursuit of their demand to appoint seven judges when a separate HC for Manipur is set up.This has dealt a blow to thousands of litigants of the state even as there is likelihood of setting up separate high courts for Manipur, Tripura and Meghalaya by the Centre within the current month ahead of Parliament's winter session, said the legal fraternity.High Court Bar Association (HCBA), Manipur, president advocate N Kumarjit Singh said since the Centre is planning to appoint four Judges for the proposed HC in the state, the ceasework has been launched. It is not possible for a full-fledged High HC to be run by only four judges , he added, while demanding that the seven judges should be appointed from eligible members from both bar and bench of the state as they should be given the chance for elevation.Appointment of judges in the proposed Manipur HC from other states will never be accepted by the association, he said. Earlier chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh had pressed the Centre to set up the proposed HC with a minimum strength of five judges but the plea was turned down, rued Kumarjit. The association's general secretary, Roshni Piba, said they raised the demand with Union law minister Salman Khursid in August this year. As the minister gave a positive remark to the demand, a ceasework strike launched by the association the previous month was suspended, he said. He added that bar members had remained hopeful that the demand would be implemented.Since the association came to learn that only four judges would be made available in the proposed state HC, the association has been compelled to launch the ceasework strike, he said. He added that the decision to launch the stir followed a meeting of the association convened on Wednesday.He said the demands would be reiterated to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Union law minister and the chief minister.The association's ex-officio executive member, advocate N Jyotendro, said nearly 7000 cases are pending in the Imphal bench of the Gauhati HC - the second highest figure in NE after Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17150631", "title": "Murrahs catch Canadian scholar's fancy", "text": "ROHTAK: Haryana's 'black gold' has caught the fancy of a Canadian scholar.A PhD student of McGill University in Montreal, Sophie Llewelyn, is studying the Murrah-human relation in Haryana and the way it intensifies animal husbandry and dairy.Murrah buffaloes play a pivotal role for the cattle breeders in the state. And no wonder, Sophie, a student of anthropology, has titled her research 'Black gold: Changing animal husbandry practices in central Haryana'. The scholar is currently visiting rural families in Sampla region of Rohtak to delve deep into her subject.Sophie says that farmers' craze and love for Murrah buffaloes drew her interest towards them even though she had earlier decided to work on livestock biodiversity conservation and rural livelihoods and agrarian changes in Haryana. \"When I visited some parts of Haryana, people got excited over the mention of Murrah. I realized that Murrah breed have had an immense impact on the socio-economic lives in this state and decided to undertake research on this topic,\" Sophie points out.After having culled information about the bovine from various sources, she has now decided to interact with the cattle breeders. \"Murrah buffaloes have overshadowed other cattle in the state which signifies its economic importance for the people. Around 85% of the total milk production in Haryana is from buffaloes comprising Murrah and other breeds while cow milk contributes hardly 10%. The dairy farming concept has gained momentum due to Murrahs,\" the researcher adds.She maintains that the social and political scenario has been a major factor in development of Haryana as a hub of Murrah breed. \"The Murrah breeding in this region started during the regime of Feroz ShahTughlaq around 700 years ago when canal irrigation system was introduced in this region,\" she says.Director general of animal husbandry department Dr K S Dangi says the Murrah breeding in Haryana has been one of the major success stories at national level. \"We are focusing on Murrah breeding and its population is likely to touch 40 lakh in the latest animal census. This has emerged as viable farming option in the state which has drawn global attention,\" he underlines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151350", "title": "Fee structure set by panel for 30 schools set aside", "text": "CHENNAI: The fee structure stipulated by a statutory committee for nearly 30 schools has been set aside by the Madras high court, which also asked the private schools fee determination committee headed by Justice S R Singharavelu to consider the matter afresh.A division bench comprising Justices R Banumathi and K K Sasidharan, allowing a batch of 30 writ petitions on Thursday, referred to a similar order passed on May 3 and said the order would apply to this batch of schools as well. It said, \"...setting aside the impugned orders, these writ petitions are remitted back to the committee for consideration of the matter afresh in the light of the guidelines in the order dated May 3.\" Additional government pleader (education) P Sanjay Gandhi informed the court that the matters could be remitted to the committee for re-determination of fee structure as per the May 3 judgment.A bench headed by Justice Banumathi on May 3 allowed a batch of petitions and said the unaided non-minority schools could furnish documents to the statutory committee for a new fee structure. Now this batch of petitions, too, will be considered by the committee afresh.Following the enactment of the Tamil Nadu Schools (Regulation of Collection of Fee) Act, 2009, the government formed a statutory committee headed by Justice K Govindarajan to fix a structure for unaided, recognized schools. More than 6,400 schools appealed against the fee structure, and by an order dated September 14, 2010 the high court asked the committee to hear the schools and pass fresh orders. The fee implementation was put on hold. Following the dismissal of the cases by the Supreme Court, the matter came up before Justice S R Singharavelu, who passed orders in May 2011 and March 2012. Schools submitted that the committee did not take into account the expenditure incurred by them.Thanks to the present order, the committee will take into account additional documents while calculating the fee afresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17151033", "title": "Road race: Highways ministry one up on NHAI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid reports of NHAI's dismal progress in awarding road projects, the highways ministry has started focusing more on works executed by the ministry and its agencies like state public works departments. According to official claims, progress has been much better in the case of ministry-monitored projects, with works on cash contracts attracting a good number of contractors.This is in sharp contrast to the trend that NHAI has been experiencing since April. While NHAI has so far awarded only 600 km of highways against its target of 8,300 km, the ministry's agencies have awarded 1,535 km against its target of 1,630 km. This comes at a time when NHAI plans to bid out 4,000 km of road projects with complete government funding.These figures were presented at a review meeting held by highways minister C P Joshi four days after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh set an ambitious target of building 17,000 km in the next two years. Construction of roads in Naxal-affected areas has been significantly higher - 556 km against the target of 350 km. Awarding of works has also been close to the target.Sources said Joshi raised issues regarding the quality of roads being constructed and asked officials to devise a mechanism to monitor these works.Ministry officials claimed maximum progress was in the category of improving riding quality where 943 km was improved against a target of 850 km. \"In this case, we overlay the roads and it's nothing less than construction,\" said an official.Early on, the law secretary took a meeting of all departments concerned to remove procedural bottlenecks to give green clearance to highway projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17150857", "title": "Anweshi members prevented from meeting sex racket victims", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Members of Anweshi Women's Counselling Centre are denied permission to interact with the victims of sex racket case. Juvenile Justice Board, considering a plea of the office bearers of Anweshi to visit the minor girls who were trapped by a sex racket, denied permission.The minor girls are presently staying at the children's home of social welfare department at Vellimadukunnu.\"Juvenile Justice Board observed that they would be forced to give permission to all organizations that express interest to interact with the victims, if they give us permission,\" said Anweshi secretary P Sreeja.\"The board also observed that the investigation was progressing in the right direction and they would give us permission to interact with the girls on noticing any lapse from the investigators,\" she said. \"Anweshi sought permission to meet the girls for extending moral support to the girls who were victimized by their own mothers. As a women's organization we wanted to extend moral support to the victims,\" she added.The girls were shifted to children's home after being rescued them from a sex racket a few days ago.The police have also collected statement from the girls regarding the area of operation and modus operandi of the sex racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17148688", "title": "Man held, freed for illegally transporting sand", "text": "PONDA: Collem police on Wednesday arrested and later released on bail Mangaldas Mairekar, 40, a resident of Bazarwada-Collem in Dharbandora taluka, for transporting sand without a transit pass.The police had also seized the rickshaw in which he was transporting the sand and later returned it to him. But police have impounded the sand worth about 1,000.Police said that Mairekar was caught while transporting the sand in a rickshaw without having a transit pass to transport the same. Police have registered an offence under Sections 62 (3) of Minor Minerals Concession Rule 1985. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149155", "title": "Finally, CAG to audit profits earned by Army's unit run canteens", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ending years of resistance by the military establishment against any external audit of its unit run canteens (URCs), the ministry of defence (MoD) and military leadership have agreed to CAG audits of profits earned by URCs.A senior official said the profit earned by the 3,730 URCs under the quantitative discount would be audited by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India. \"The military has also agreed to the suggestion. The MoD has now conveyed the decision to the Public Accounts Committee (PAC),\" a senior official said.Sources explained that the profit earned by the CSD ( Canteen Stores Department) is utilized under two heads. The first part is given by the MoD proportionately to the three Services for welfare activities, which are, in turn, passed on to various station commanders. \"There is a clear laid down procedure on how to use this money. After CAG recently pointed out some concerns regarding the CSD canteens we have reaffirmed the guidelines. There is no concern on this part of the profit,\" an official said.The other part of the profit is the quantitative discount that has been earned by the URCs. These canteens get their supplies at wholesale price from CSDs and sell them at retail rates, earning for themselves on an average about 4%-5% profit, another official said. The sum is at the discretion of the local unit commanders, and a part of it is used to pay salaries of URCs' employees and also upkeep of the canteens' premises. The remaining amount is used mostly for common unit welfare activities, and in many instances there have been allegations of misuse of this sum.Sources said the willingness to open up the URC's account books was conveyed to the PAC recently.There has been a running feud over the issue for the past several years, with the military top brass refusing to let the URCs be audited by external agencies, claiming they were running on non-public funds. In fact, the URCs give money in advance and procure goods from the CSD, they argued. The military leadership at one time offered not to take any money from government's consolidated fund for even the CSD procurement in order to avoid audit intrusions.In 2010-11, the CAG in its performance audit of CSD had recommended that the URCs should be recognised as retail outlets integral to the former and be subjected to audit by the state-run auditor. During that audit, CAG was denied records of URCs.After analysing the CAG report, PAC slammed the military for denying access to auditors to the URCs' accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17150222", "title": "NREGS casts shadow on paddy crop", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Reserve Bank of India (RBI) study on paddy cultivation in Andhra Pradesh has revealed that the UPA government's flagship program Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MNREGS) is playing havoc with the paddy farmers in the state, mainly the small and marginal farmers.According to the study released in September, the rural job scheme has contributed to the spiralling cost of cultivation of rice and consequent reduction in the area of cultivation of the crop in the state. \"The cost escalation has been primarily due to the increase in wage and input costs,\" the report, prepared by RV Ramana Murhty and Rekha Misra said.Mapping the genesis of the discouraging factors to paddy cultivation in the state, the 52-page report said because of MGNREGS, the bargaining power of labourers has gone up many folds in the past three years. Quoting farmers, the report said paddy cultivation was remunerative till the introduction of MGNREGS in 2007. Incidentally, farmers from the Telangana region responded to the increase in labour costs with increased mechanization. However, the ryots from the coastal districts continue to incur high labour costs in the absence of such substitution.In the three years spanning 2007-10, the cumulative growth of nominal wages was 91.3% for male workers and 102% for female labourers, the report said. Even in real terms, according to the study, the wages have risen for male and female labourers by 52 and 59% respectively during the study period.Buttressing its conclusion that there was a sharp rise in rural wages because of the implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi Rural Employment Guarantee Act in 2007-08 in the state, the report said: \"When wage rates were low at Rs 150 and Rs 40 for male and female workers respectively, paddy farming used to leave some surplus revenue to tenant farmer, but once the wage rates have gone up to Rs 300 and Rs 125 (per day) for the same categories since 2007-08, the steep costs (35%) have overtaken the revenues,\" the study revealed. The problems of tenant farmers have been compounded by the higher rents which are the result of the fierce competition among them for the limited land available for lease.Another important trend observed by Ramana Murthy and Rekha Misra is that most of the landowners in the coastal region have diversified into non-agricultural activities. \"Many have become commission agents, fertilizer dealers, money lenders, millers, etc. It is only the marginal and (some) small farmers who have remained in agriculture due to lack of alternative employment opportunities,\" the report said. However, on the contrary, in Telangana, farmers have overcome the growing cost problem by adopting modern techniques. \"In Telangana, farmers have responded to wage rise by shifting to harvesters. Though grass worth Rs 1500 is lost in using harvester, they save a cost of around Rs 5000 per acre,\" the report said. The report felt that last year's crop holiday in East Godavari was the result of the crisis in the paddy cultivation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17153418", "title": "Would love to see a full Indo-Pak Test series, says Zaheer Abbas", "text": "KARACHI: Pakistan's former captain Zaheer Abbas is delighted at resumption of bilateral cricket ties between India and Pakistan and expressed wish to see a full Test series between the two countries.Speaking ahead of Pakistan's upcoming tour to India, Zaheer said, \"I would love to see both countries play a full Test series but I am sure even through this tour there will be a lot of a goodwill created between the two countries.\"Pakistan are scheduled to play two Twenty20 Internationals and three One-Day Internationals in India, the first bilateral series between the sides since November-December 2007.He felt the media in both countries had a big role to play in ensuring that such series were held on regular basis. Zaheer also confirmed that he had formally applied for the position of the national team batting coach.Ranked among the top five batsmen produced by Pakistan, Zaheer said he had decided to apply for the post after the team's disappointing performance.\"The batting has not been up to mark and I felt this was the right time for me to get involved and offer my services,\" he said.Zaheer, who earned the sobriquet of 'Asian Bradman' for his scoring feats in Tests and first-class cricket, said he had also informed the PCB chairman about his interest.The former captain is a member of the PCB coaching committee that will recommend names of the top candidates to the board for the appointment of batting coach.The committee is due to meet this weekend to go through the list of local and foreign candidates who have applied for the position.Zaheer said he had informed the board that he was ready to step down from the committee so that other members could take an independent decision.Zaheer pointed out that he was concerned with the batting because every team in world cricket depended on its batting to win matches these days.\"Our batting has not been up to the mark consistently and I want to work with them to bring about this consistency and hunger for runs.\"Reminded that he was on the coaching committee that had recommended the name of Australian Dav Whatmore for the post of head coach, Zaheer admitted the foreigner had not been that successful as expected.\"Yes, perhaps, Whatmore has not been as successful till now as we all felt he would be given his impressive credentials. In fact this applies to the coaches hired. But we took a decision that we thought was best for Pakistan cricket,\" Zaheer added.Asked if he felt the committee had been unfair with Mohsin Khan who was replaced by Whatmore last March even though he had led Pakistan to a 3-0 whitewash over England, Zaheer said Mohsin had proved his credentials as coach.\"I had advised him to just keep quiet and let things happen but he felt otherwise,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17150197", "title": "Education must empower human resources:", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi, while inaugurating the 41st conference of Council of Board of School Education on Wednesday, said the nation required an education system that would empower human resources. He said, \"Technical and vocational courses would reduce unemployment and help in economic development of the nation.\" Education minister P K Shahi said a three-member committee was formed to suggest methods for the betterment of basic education system in the state.Anti-tobacco pledge: Under the aegis of Private Schools and Children Welfare Association, more than 400 school students on Wednesday took oath to abstain from tobacco consumption in any form to mark World Cancer Awareness Day. About 60 lakh students of 25,000 schools coming under the association simultaneously took the pledge.St Joseph's Convent: Students of St Joseph's Convent High School participated in a cancer awareness seminar organized by Rotary Shakti on the school campus on Wednesday. Resource person Dr Pritanjali informed the students that majority of cancer cases are detected in advanced stage, which makes it difficult to treat the patients.NITP's NSS unit opened: The National Service Scheme (NSS) unit of National Institute of Technology Patna ( NITP) was inaugurated by its director, Professor Ashok De, on Wednesday. The director, in his welcome address, shared with the students the achievements of IIT Kharagpur in the field of community service. He urged the students to participate in the scheme.Jesus and Mary Academy: Students of Jesus and Mary Academy, Patna City, participated in an inter-house carom competition organized on the school premises on Wednesday. Administrators of the school emphasized on the importance of sports in a students' life for their overall development.Spic Macay programme: Students of Mount Carmel High School (MCHS) and J D Women's College (JDWC) enjoyed the tunes of Indian classical music as music maestro Ashwini Bhide Deshpande performed here on Wednesday. While Deshpande performed \"Raag Vairagi Todi\" in \"Vilambit Jhaptaal\" at MCHS, students of JDWC enjoyed \"Raag Shuddha Sarang\" in \"Vilambit Rupak Taal\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17149957", "title": "Little Flower School Shillong spreading knowledge for 50 years", "text": "SHILLONG: In the winter of 1962, when the then Bishop of the Diocese of Shillong, Stephen Ferrando, planted the seed of knowledge, the small village of Malki in Shillong heaved a sigh of relief, for it meant easy access to education for its children.Fifty years on, Little Flower School, sitting atop Malki Hills, is in full bloom. \"Malki was a poor village then and Bishop Ferrando took notice of the poverty, illiteracy and moral misery of the villagers, and decided to set up the school,\" said Ancy Abraham, headmistress, at the Golden Jubilee celebration of the school on Wednesday.From a humble hut, housing a lower primary village school for the poor, to a sprawling concrete building, Little Flower has come a long way. It has expanded and now runs a secondary section. The school, which is open to all irrespective of caste, colour or religion, now has 1,154 students and 54 teaching and non-teaching staff.\"Over the past five decades, more than 9,000 students have passed out from this school, many of whom are into distinguished services now,\" said Abraham.Run by the Missionary Sisters of Mary Help of Christians, the school was initially started for girls. But due to absence of any recognized school in the locality, Little Flower decided to admit boys as well.\"The school has shown great progress in achieving cent per cent results in the board examinations in the successive years,\" the headmistress said.The school has always tried to promote all-round education by inculcating in students \"scientific temperament\" and \"civic sense\", besides encouraging co-curricular activities. And that Little Flower has been successful in its endeavour was apparent when Sabita Das, a proud parent, went down the memory lane and reminisced how the school groomed his youngest son, Mrinmoy - now an engineer working in Japan. She also did not forget to photograph the classroom where Mrinmoy studied.Deputy chief minister Bindo Lanong, who had been associated with Little Flower since its formative days, said the branches of the school have also spread to neighbouring Assam.Governor Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary, while addressing the gathering, said, \"According to Indian philosophy, truth alone triumphs, and therefore, the school should try to build characters of the students and not just spread education.\"\"Where knowledge is free... into that heaven of freedom let Little Flower awake,\" Superior General Reverend Sister Philomena Mathew said, quoting Rabindranath Tagore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17150826", "title": "Centre misled court on four dams, state tells HC", "text": "KOCHI: The Union government misinformed the state high court by showing four dams of Kerala, including Mullaperiyar, as the property of Tamil Nadu in a central register, the state government has submitted.The allegation was raised by the state government in opposition to the Centre's earlier submission that the dams were being shown as Tamil Nadu's property based on information provided by the state.The submission by the state is in response to a petition filed by former parliament member P C Thomas. In his petition, Thomas alleged that four dams belonging to Kerala are being shown as Tamil Nadu's property in the National Register of Large Dams, which is maintained by the Central Water Commission.The footnote of the register has been amended, to show that the dams are properties of Kerala, based on the state government's request, the central government had submitted. The state is now contending that the information submitted by the Centre to the court and what was provided to it differed.The decision to make the correction was taken in the 31st meeting of the Dam Safety Committee. The Centre's submission that the correction was based on the state's demand is incorrect. The corrections were not made as requested by Kerala, the state has alleged. Periyar (Mullaperiyar), Parambikulam, Thoonakadavu and Peruvaripallam were the dams marked incorrectly published in the National Register of Large Dams in January 2009, Thomas had alleged.Union government has misrepresented the Kerala High Court in the issue of four Kerala dams, including Mullaperiyar, being shown as property of Tamil Nadu in a central register, state government has submitted.The allegation was raised by the state government in opposition to central government's earlier submission that the dams are being shown as Tamil Nadu's property based on information provided by the state government.The submission by the state government is in response to a petition filed by former Parliament member PC Thomas. In his petition, Thomas alleged that four dams belonging to Kerala is being shown as Tamil Nadu's property in the National Register of Large Dams, which is maintained by Central Water Commission.Footnote of the register has been amended to show the dams as property of Kerala based on state government's request, central government had submitted.State government is now contending that the information submitted by the central government to the court and what was provided to the state government differed.The decision to make the correction was taken in the 31st meeting of the Dam Safety Committee. Central government's submission that the correction was based on state government's demand is incorrect. The corrections made were not done as requested by Kerala, state government has alleged.Periyar (Mullaperiyar), Parambikulam, Thoonakadavu and Peruvaripallam were the dams marked incorrectly in the National Register of Large Dams published by Central Water Commission in January 2009, Thomas had alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17149590", "title": "Coal shortage at DVC", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The first 500 MW unit of DVC's 1000 mega watt (500x500) capacity Koderma Thermal power station has not been able to operate in full capacity owing to shortage and non-availability of coal, said Rabindra Nath Sen, chairman of DVC, after inspecting the plant at Koderma on Wednesday. He added, \"We are trying our best to get the required coal.\" Letters have already been sent to the power and coal ministries at the Centre for providing six rakes of coal every day so that commercial operation of the plant can be started at the earliest.The present production of 100 mega watt is being done by diverting six rakes of coal meant for DVC's own plant elsewhere, to Koderma. The 100 mega watt of power thus generated has been supplied to the Bihar Sharif grid in Bihar and DVC's own grid. The second 500 mega watt unit of the plant which is nearing completion is likely to be commissioned either in late February or early March, 2013.DVC chairman has also moved the government and State Pollution Control Board for pollution clearance certificate, mandatory for running a power plant, said Sanjay Kumar Singh, general secretary of the DVC' officer's forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17150953", "title": "Induction cookers are hot this Dhanteras", "text": "VARANASI: With subsidized LPG cylinders capped, the city's residents are attempting to gradually reduce dependence on conventional cooking fuels. Once confined to students' hostel rooms and fancy kitchens of the affluent, induction cookers are the rage this Dhanteras and are witnessing remarkably high sales.Ranging from Rs 2600 to Rs 3900, induction cookers today are available in almost all major shops selling electrical appliances or utensils. Babloo Maurya, a shopkeeper at Lahurabir area, said barely a month ago, induction cookers found few takers in the city, but that was primarily because no one bothered to find out what they really were. \"Ever since the cap on LPG cylinders came into effect, we have been getting 15 to 20 queries everyday. Most of these translate into sales,\" he said.In fact, if the shopkeepers are to be believed, the demand for induction cookers has created a major shortage of the same in the market. Alok Vishwakarma, a shopkeeper at Pandeypur road said, \"We sold 40 cookers in the last two days. The supply-demand ratio right now is 5:1. The demand is quite sudden and unexpected, and keeping in view the Dhanteras festival, we have placed priors orders to keep the stock updated.\"Manju Asthana, a resident of Maldahiya area who was seen buying the induction cooker in a local shop said she initially plans to use it for cooking small meals, tea, coffee, and for heating food and eventually replace LPG completely. Quick to capitalize on trends, China has already flooded the market with guarantee-less cheap induction cookers. These can be seen at most shops in Dalmandi, Godowlia, Orderly Bazaar, Gurubagh, Luxa and Lanka areas. \"The price of these guarantee-less cookers starts from Rs 700 and does not go beyond Rs 2000. For initial use, people with a smaller budget are more inclined towards these cookers instead of branded ones,\" informed Aman, a shopkeeper in Dalmandi area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17151157", "title": "University Institute of Engineering and Technology teachers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 stir: Only 16 to get May salary", "text": "KANPUR: Concerted efforts of Professor VN Pal, faculty of mathematics at University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) situated inside CSJMU campus bore fruit on Thursday when the varsity's vice chancellor directed the accounts department to release the salary of the institute's teaching and non-teaching staff for the month of May, 2012.Ironically, however, the salary of only 16 staff members will be released as they had not tendered their resignation along with the rest of the staff of UIET for pressing their demand for benefits of the sixth pay commission. After the resignation was taken back by the teachers, the university on account of the fact that they had not worked in the work of May, had withheld the salary of the teachers.\"As many as 150 teachers and non-teaching staff of UIET had not been paid their salary for the month of May 2012,\" VN Pal said. Pal said the registrar of Kanpur University had helped him contact Ashok Kumar, vice chancellor, CSJM University who later issued directives to disburse the salary of the staff.He stated that a memorandum was sent to the vice chancellor recently and in that he had announced that the teachers would not celebrate Diwali at their homes as a mark of protest against not receiving their salaries. Instead, it was decided that earthen lamps be lit in front of the houses of vice chancellor, registrar, finance and account officers, informed Pal.In his memorandum, Pal said that despite the orders of the vice chancellor, teaching and non-teaching staff of the institute were not being paid their salary for the month of May, 2012. The finance and accounts department meanwhile claimed they had not received any order regarding the disbursement of salary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17150219", "title": "Naval cadets complete Ganga expedition", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The sailing expedition of UP Naval Cadets in the Ganga came to an end at Saraswati Ghat on Thursday. Many enthusiastic cadets participated in the expedition which aimed at creating awareness about the environment.A programme was organised at the Saraswati Ghat to welcome the participants of the sailing expedition under the auspices of Global Greens.Kumbh mela adhikarai Mani Prasad Mishra lauded the efforts of the participants and urged people to make efforts for making the Ganga pollution-free.The expedition had started on October 30.Programme: United College of Engineering and Management (UCEM) and United Institute of Technology jointly organised academic-cum-cultural event ESPECTRO. Programme was inaugurated by UCEM principal Prof RK Gupta. He termed the event as an opportunity to identify talents.Competitions like quiz, dance, photography on social issues and advertising based Ad-Mania were part held. Students from various management institutes of the city participated in the event. The first prize in quiz was won by Suraj Singh, Gaurav Pathak, UIT and Priya Singh, Jyoti Singh, UCER was the runner up. The first prize in dance competition was won by Priya Kushwaha while Noopur Upadhyay was the runners up. The photography event was won by Suraj Shukla, Ritesh Sharma while Santosh Yadav, Abrar Ahmad were runners up.The first prize in Ad-Mania was won by Rohit, Priyamvada, Harshita and Sangeeta of UCER while Suraj, Chandramohan, Apoorv and Ravi Shankar of UIT and UCEM remained runner up. Vice-Chairman of UGI Satpal Gulati distributed the prizes.Condemned: The All India Kisan Mazdoor Sabha (AIKMS) has condemned firing on farmers of Loba village in West Bengal's Birbhum district. It has demanded suspension of officials involved and cancellation of the Open Cast Mining by the Damodar Valley Project - Eastern Mining Trading Agency on this agricultural land. More than 11 farmers suffered bullet injuries in the incident. \"It proves that even Mamta led TMC follows the World Bank sponsored path of 'development' which is anti people,\" said secretary AIKMS Ashish Mital. It forcefully displaces farmers and tribals and hands over their means of livelihood to big companies and foreign corporations.Visit: Chairman and Managing Director National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) Limited Arup Roy Choudhury visited Singrauli super thermal power station recently. Accompanied by director (project) BP Singh, director (Human Resource) SP Singh, director (Operation) NN Mishra and other high officials of the company, the CMD inspected various facilities of the plant and interacted with the employees.On arrival at Shaktinagar, the CMD was received by Regional Executive Director (N) Sharad Anand along with GM (S) JN Singh, Alok Srivastava, GM (Operation &amp; Maintenance) and other officials. After being given the guard of honour by CISF, Choudhury and other Directors visited the Sewa Bhawan park of the station where they attended open forum and interacted with employees of the station.An Open Forum of Sh Arup Roy Choudhury, Chairman and Managing Director, NTPC Limited with the employees of Singrauli Super Thermal Power Station was organised at Sewa Bhawan Park of the Station. On this occasion Sh BP Singh, Director (Project), Sh SP Singh, Director (Human Resource), Sh NN Mishra, Director (Operation), Sh AK Jha, Director (Tech), Sh Sharad Anand, Regional Executive Director (N) and Sh JNSingh, General Manager of the station were present on the dias.On this occasion, the CMD and all directors were honoured by presented with the shawl. The representative of associations and unions also welcome to the dignitaries On the occasion a film on NTPC activities had shown in the programme. Before his departure, the CMD also planted sapling at Sewa Bhawan park.Meanwhile, on the second stage of the session the employees of the Station interacted with the dignatories. On this occasion, CMD, NTPC, Sh Arup Roy Choudhury addressed the employees and congratulated them for their achievements. At the end of the programme, Sh JN Singh, GM (Singrauli) gave the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17150565", "title": "Hyderabad doctors sound diabetes alarm", "text": "HYDERABAD: One in every six people above 25 years of age in Hyderabad is diabetic with one out of every three likely to develop the disease in 5-10 years, experts said on a day when the International Diabetes Federation warned India of dire consequences in case it failed to effectively implement its national diabetes policies.The International Diabetes Federation (IDF), the biggest body fighting the disease globally has put the death toll in India from diabetes at one million this year. \"India has a national diabetes control programme but it is yet to be fully implemented. India needs to put in place measures to curb risk factors,\" Jean Claude Mbanya, the IDF president, told TOI on Thursday. Among the major cities in India, Hyderabads lags behind in diabetes awareness with health experts saying that an estimated 12 lakh people in the city were diabetic. Doctors at the Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (NIMS) said that at least 50% of the population stands the risk of getting the disease in 10 years unless preventive measures were taken up.\"In the last century, dietary habits have changed drastically to a high carbohydrate and low fibre one, especially in the Deccan plateau,\" said Dr PV Rao, head of endocrinology at NIMS.Doctors attribute the high caseload of diabetics in Hyderabad to an unhealthy lifestyle. \"Late night parties, late dinners and the high stress levels is taking a toll,\" said Dr Anuradha Reddy, founder chairperson of the city-based Diabetes Foundation.Meanwhile, Mbanya, who is touring India this week to kick off the India-leg of the global diabetes awareness campaign, called upon authorities to adopt a multi-sectoral approach to tackle the disease.\"Departments like town-planning, education, agriculture and finance need to be roped in for effective implementation of the programme,\" Mbanya said over the telephone, shortly after inaugurating the ministry of health and family welfare-supported Sanofi Diabetes Blue Fortnight in Mumbai.At least 100 monuments and landmarks around India will be lit blue, the colour chosen by IDF to symbolize its battle against diabetes. In Hyderabad, the historic Charminar will be lit blue from November 13-15 to mark the November 14 World Diabetes Day. In Hyderabad, the problem of diabetes is also spreading among school students. \"At upmarket schools, 60% of the children are obese whereas in schools with children from middle and lower income groups, obesity is around 10%,\" said Dr RK Sahay, head of endocrinology at Osmania Medical College. Younger people are being diagnosed with diabetes particularly because of obesity and for being overweight.New diabetes estimates released by IDF to mark World Diabetes Day 2012 show that 63 million Indians now have diabetes with four million of these suffering the disease undiagnosed.The high number of undiagnosed diabetics means that millions face the risk of developing costly and debilitating complications, including nerve and kidney diseases. L Act early in life to prevent diabetes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17150838", "title": "German expert proposes setting up rag pickers' society", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The German expert in waste management, Roswitha Mayer, suggested forming a rag pickers' cooperative society to motivate these people to collect segregated waste from the source and take it to the recycling centre.Mayer, who is associated with the German agency, Senior Experten Service (SES), is here for the last two weeks to prepare a detailed report for the 'Clean Green Kottayam' project of the Rotary East Club.She has handed over the report to Bijumon Kurien, president of the club, at the Press Club on Thursday.She also highlighted the need to socially support rag pickers by rehabilitating them - providing them medical facilities, health insurance and their children education. She said rag pickers should also be provided equipment like masks, gloves and uniforms. As per the report, there are around 2,000 rag-pickers in Kottayam. They live in slums and the entire family works; their children do not go to school and contribute to the family income.The formation of a cooperative society will help them earn a fixed income every month. The society will enable them to get identity cards and health insurance cards, and help their children get education.One of the main objectives of the 'Clean Green Kottayam' project is to provide information as well as educate children on the importance of waste management. It also envisages making a pilot project in residential areas and schools.According to office bearers of the club, resident associations of the collectorate, Devalokam and Chungam Old Seminary have already shown willingness to participate in the project. The other organizations that will contribute to the project are MT Seminary High School, Mangalam College of Engineering, Plantrich Agritech Pvt Ltd, and Citizen Club. The project is for three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17150360", "title": "Jan Shakti Jagran Yatra from Nov 17", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With an aim to take up issues related to social and economic life of tribals residing in remote areas under Koraon block, Bharatiya Janata Party leader and national co-convenor, panchayati raj cell, Yogesh Shukla would start Jan Shakti Jagran Yatra from Chiraanv village on November 17 this year.Giving this information, Shukla said that based on the consensus drawn from the opinion of thousands of delegates who took part in a social convention \"Manthan 2012\" which took place in September this year, he would create mass awareness among people on issues related to people of the region.He said that we should strive to bring about happiness in the life of the last person in society and fulfill the vision of Antyodaya envisaged by late Pandit Deen dayal Upadhyaya and make efforts for generating new employment opportunities for youth. Issues like education, health, employment, environment, industry, handicrafts, agriculture, irrigation, drinking water, justice and social harmony should taken up to every village and bring about a qualitative change in the life of people. tnnStating that the yatra would be extended to around six months, Shukla said that villages of Allahabad would be taken on the world map by making them self reliant and self contained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153668", "title": "Neer Paravai team upbeat, gets tax excemption!", "text": "It was just yesterday that news broke out about director Seenu Ramasamy's inclination to go on a fast till his film Neer Paravai gets a tax exemption.Seenu Ramasamy had earlier applied to the state government authorities for entertainment tax exemption as the film carries a Tamil title and has also an 'U' certificate. However tax authorities have rejected the film.Due to this the director has approached the Chennai city police commissioner seeking permission to sit on fast on November 10.But before the situation became worse, producer Udayanidhi Stalin has good news to share. The film has got the tax exemption via the high court.Udaynidhi has tweeted last evening, \"Have got entertainment tax exemption for Neer Paravai through High court today.\" Looks like its happy days ahead for the Neer Paravai team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149239", "title": "Side middle berths issue referred to Rly Board", "text": "NAGPUR: The South East Central Railway (SECR) has referred the issue of removal of side middle berths (SMBs) in Garib Raths to the Railway Board.The railways had spent Rs 75 crore on enhancing capacity of 5,000 sleeper coaches by installing side middle berths in 2008. These berths were removed from mail/express trains after nationwide protests in 2009. However, the SMBs were not removed from Garib Raths.The issue was raised by zonal railway users consultative committee (ZRUCC) member Pravin Dabli at the meeting held at Bilaspur recently.SECR general manager Arunendra Kumar admitted that SMBs in Garib Raths are troublesome but it a policy decision taken by the Railway Board. \"We will refer the issue to the board,\" he told Dabli.When contacted, deputy general manager Manish Awasthi confirmed that the issue has been referred to the board. \"While side middle berths in mail and express trains were removed, such berths are still there in garib raths.\" he said.Meanwhile, the railways have dumped the idea of providing hygiene napkins to passengers travelling in air-conditioned coaches. A suggestion to this effect was made in the last ZRUCC meeting. The SECR officials made it clear that the proposal is not feasible as cost per napkin comes to Rs 26.72. \"It's really surprising that the rates have been calculated so high even if the napkins would be procured in bulk,\" asked Dabli.The SECR has also turned down the demand for a suburban train service (rail bus) between Kanhan-Nagpur-Butibori. \"We have already pushed a proposal to add coaches to the existing DEMU and MEMU trains. There is augmentation of coaches in mail/express trains when required. Hence, there is no point in operating a rail bus at the moment,\" said Arunendra Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17148773", "title": "Man gets 7-year jail for minor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: A youth has been sentenced to seven years in jail for raping his neighbour's minor daughter after entering the victim's house two years ago.Additional sessions judge Sanjay Garg held east Delhi resident Muzaffar Ali (27) guilty of raping and threatening the 12-year-old girl whom he knew for past two months.\"The incident of rape, especially with the children of tender age, is on the rise. Keeping in view all these factors in mind, the convict is sentenced to undergo rigorous imprisonment for seven years for the offence punishable under Section 376 of the IPC,\" the court said.According to prosecution, Ali had entered the Geeta Colony house in December 2010 and had raped her when her parents were out on work. Ali had also threatened her that he would kill her if she raised an alarm or told anyone about the incident. The girl, however, told her father about the incident in the evening and a case was registered against Ali after the girl's father went to police.Ali had said he was implicated by the girl's father in the false rape case. He denied committing the crime, saying that on the day of the incident, he had gone for work early in the morning and had returned by late evening.The court, however, rejected his defence as \"sham\". \"It stands established that the accused being neighbour of the girl was known to her and must have been aware that she is alone in her house at the time of commission of this offence,\" the court said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17150778", "title": "BBMP messes up senior citizen's site records", "text": "BANGALORE: Ratna Somasundaran, 73, lives in Mumbai and worries about her assets in Bangalore, thanks to the BBMP.Of the four sites she owns in Belathur, Bidarahalli hobli, near Whitefield, the khatas for two sites show wrong dimensions. Ratna is one among the many who has erroneous khatas.She wrote to the BBMP in September 2012, seeking corrections in the khatas. Despite making several trips to the BBMP office, she hasn't yet got any relief. \"One of my 30x40 sqft sites has become 30X30 sqft and the other 30X48 sqft site has become 40X48 sqft. BBMP has also added someone else's site of 30X48 sqft dimension to my khata, without even mentioning the site number. I want to divide the properties among my children, but I won't be able to do so till BBMP rectifies the errors in the khatas. I've been struggling since 2009. I had submitted a written application this year, but there has been no response,\" said Ratna.Ratna got these sites through a parent deed in 1989, when it came under Bidarahalli village panchayat. In 2007-08, when the village was included in BBMP limits, property owners had to obtain khatas from BBMP and Ratna applied for her four sites in April 2009. That's when the mistakes occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17149518", "title": "2 killed in separate incidents", "text": "BOKARO: Two workers were killed in two separate incidents in the district on Thursday.One contract worker was killed when a fork lift vehicle, on which he was riding, overturned at Magnetic Yard of Steel Melting Shop-I inside Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) here.This is the second incident of death of a contract worker inside BSL in a week's time. Earlier on Sunday, a contract worker, S K Irfan, got electrocuted at Hot Strip Mill inside BSL.According to BSL sources, the deceased has been identified as Binod Kumar Verma (30), an employee of SSP Technocrat. He was a resident of Kurmidih area of the town. There were two persons riding the loaded fork lift vehicle in the plant when the incident occurred.A BSL employee was driving while Verma was sitting beside him, when suddenly the vehicle lost control and overturned. Verma got trampled under the wheels.The chief of communication, Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL), Sanjay Tiwari said the process to provide compensation to the kin of the deceased is being undertaken.Meanwhile, a worker of a private company in Balidih Industrial Area was also killed in a road accident when he was returning home after work. The deceased has been identified as Ajit Kumar Thakur, a resident of Kasmar.Hundreds of villagers, thereafter, gheroed the company demanding compensation for the kin of the deceased. Police, on reaching the spot, brought the situation under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17151448", "title": "Model question paper repeats for BTech exam", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: There seems to be no end to the anomalies related to examinations in the Kerala University. A couple of days after a head of the department was suspended following irregularity in the conduct of exams, the university has sought explanation from the board of studies for reproducing a replica of model question paper for the BTech semester examination.The students who appeared for the 7th semester BTech examination on Wednesday were 'relieved' to attempt a question paper which was ditto of the model question paper which was published in the website of the university a couple of months ago.Except one sub-question for five marks, all other questions in the paper for the control systems of the BTech electrical course were the same as that of the model questions paper's.\"We have taken up the matter with due seriousness and has already initiated an inquiry into the matter. We have discussed the matter with the chairman of the board of studies,\" said controller of exams K Madhu Kumar.He said that the university had only a limited role in the matter. \"The university has no role in this matter except to approve the panelists, who were finalized by the board of studies. The question paper that is provided by the question paper setter is approved and is given for printing. Now, we will initiate action,\" he said.University sources said that the university handed over the model question paper and the syllabus to the panel so that the panelists get an idea of the questions to be set for the exam. \"It seems that the panelists had no clue that the model papers have already been published in the website,\" sources added.Sources also said that the model questions that were published in the website were also used by guide publishers as sample question papers who come up with publications of solved answers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17150060", "title": "People donate over Rs 80,000 on Akhil call", "text": "GUWAHATI: The convention organized by the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) on the influx problem, land rights for farmers and the detrimental effects of big dams in the region was also used by KMSS general secretary Akhil Gogoi as a platform to gather funds to fuel the organization's movement. KMSS collected public donations worth more than Rs 80,000 within half an hour on Thursday.Anna Hazare , along with activists from many states, attended the two-day convention that began Wednesday, at Chandmari field in the city. Problems faced by farmers all over the country were discussed at the conclave; activists also said the Assam farmers' problem should be treated as a national problem.KMSS leader Akhil Gogoi picked up the microphone and requested those attending the convention to donate funds for carrying on the movement, prompting hundreds of common people to donate humble amounts of their hard-earned money.\"We run on donations made by the honest public, not by big companies,\" said Akhil. He flayed the state government for not taking any steps to solve these problems and added the dissatisfied and discontented people of the region are now taking up the issues to find solutions.The participants, who came from distant places to attend the conclave, discussed their problems.Many of them have lost their land and property and demanded rehabilitation from the government. At Akhil's behest, these people donated amounts as small as Rs 10, Rs 20, Rs 50, and Rs 100. The collected funds amounted to Rs 80,700.Prafulla Kumar Rajbongshi, hailing from Japorigog area of Guwahati, said, \"This is a fight to get our rights. We demand the government give us land and expel illegal immigrants from Assam. That is why I donated to the KMSS to carry on the movement.\"Probha Rani Hansdak, a resident of Ujjal Nagar on the city outskirts, said, \"I contributed an amount of Rs 100 to make this movement a successful one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17149743", "title": "Stay warm in winters, advise experts", "text": "BHOPAL: There is a nip in the air with the advent of winter. As the mercury dips, people with heart, lung or bone ailments, need to be cautious. Stay warm, advised cardiologists, who point to the statistics that a general rise in blood pressure is common in winters, which can prove lethal, especially for those suffering from heart related ailments.\"During winters there is about 15% to 20% rise in the number of cases of heart attack and heart failure,\" said cardiologist Dr R K Singh. To keep the body warm, metabolism becomes faster and thus hormonal levels fluctuate, which increases pressure on the heart, making it work faster. \"Low temperatures increase blood pressure and put extra strain on the heart,\" he added.Emergency service EMRI 108 data also suggest that assistance for heart attack, heart failure, cardiovascular disease and stroke cases spurt as winter peaks. \"Most incidences of heart emergencies are during the morning hours,\" said EMRI-108 spokesperson.\"Body weight and those with higher than average cholesterol levels should change their diet pattern during the winters,\" said dietician Amita Singh.Those with a history of heart ailments should remain careful, especially the elderly. \"Exposure to sudden change in temperatures should be avoided,\" said Dr Singh.Change in atmospheric conditions also increases the risk of asthma , bronchitis and can trigger allergic reactions in immune-compromised patients. \"Remaining hydrated and warm is important to ward off ailments,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17150833", "title": "Powermen take out torch procession", "text": "VARANASI: The power employees associated with Vidyut Mazdoor Panchayat, Uttar Pradesh carried out a torch procession from Shaheed Udyan in Sigra to Chittaranjan Park in Dashashwamedh on Thursday evening in support of their demands. The indefinite strike entered the fourth day on Thursday.Accusing the state government of adopting apathetic attitude towards the demands of power employees, they warned that the agitation would be intensified. Crossing through various localities like Rathyatra, Gurubagh, Luxa and Godowlia, the procession culminated into a meeting at Chittaranjan Park. Their main demands are recruitment on the vacant posts, regularisation of employees on muster roll and contract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17150439", "title": "Man held for harassing girl", "text": "INDORE: A person was arrested on charge of harassing a girl for about six months and creating trouble in her marriage, here on Thursday. A 27-year-old girl complaint to 'We Care for You' that one Pramod Gaur, resident of New Govind Nagar was continuously harassing her for past six months.Both the accused and the victim are from the same locality, and the former reportedly had proposed her earlier. When she denied his offer, the accused began troubling her. He even stalked her to office in Giri Market.Meanwhile, the girl's family members found a groom for her in Indore. The accused allegedly reached there also and tried to create a wrong impression of the girl.Irked by his behaviour, the girl reached to 'We Care for You' on Thursday and lodged a complaint. Police suggested the girl to make a phone call and invite him to a particular location. When he arrived, cops arrested the accused. He was later handed over to Banganga police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17150507", "title": "Rally days are back", "text": "KOLKATA: The state Congress ignored pleas from police and staged a protest rally at Esplanade on Thursday, marching from Park Circus to the Mayo Road Gandhi statue through CIT Road, Moulali, SN Banerjee Road, Dorina crossing and JL Nehru Road, triggering traffic jams all along the way.However, the fact that police were reluctant to allow their meeting in Rani Rashmoni Avenue led to some stinging attack on the Mamata Banerjee government. Terming it as a \"fascist\" government, \"The state government has turned fascist and is not ready to tolerate any political party except the Trinamool Congress ,\" state Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said. \"Rallies and demonstration can only be allowed if we praise Mamata Banerjee. If the Congress wants to say anything else, then its voice will be suppressed,\" Bhattacharya said.Addressing the rally, he accused the government of vitiating the industrial environment of the state which has resulted in companies exiting the state, causing loss of 70,000 jobs ever since the Trinamool came to power. \"The Congress does not want any retrenchment of workers and we will strive to protect the rights of workers and work for the rehabilitation of those who have lost their jobs,\" added Bhattacharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17149818", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Medical Council proposes to estimate doctors' count in state in the absence of authentic data", "text": "BHOPAL: Estimating the number of doctors in the state is anybody's guess. The state body of medical council of India (MCI) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Madhya Pradesh Medical Council (MPMC), which registers allopathic medical practitioners, proposes to carry out an exercise to estimate the numbers, some 16-years after it was established. However, an idea floated by the MPMC about three months back, to carry out a survey to calculate the exact number of medical practitioners in MP has yet to take off.For the record, MPMC says some 35,815 doctors have been registered with it until October 31, 2012. However, the figure includes some 22111 registrations done by three erstwhile regional medical councils in the state before 1996.MPMC assumes that about 10-15% of the registered medical practitioners are either not practising in the state, dead or defunct. \"We can only assume. Currently, medical practitioners register with the MPMC just once, with no requirement of a renewal of registration,\" said MPMC registrar Dr CM Tripathi.\"Not knowing the number of doctors, eventually has a bearing on the health parameters,\" said a specialist of poverty monitoring and policy support Yogesh Mahore at Madhya Pradesh state planning commission. According to estimates there is one MBBS for every 1.25 lakh people in the state - a far cry from the target of 1 MBBS doctor for 50,000 people, he added.As for the MPMC, a survey has to be cleared by the state department of health. \"It would cost about Rs 5 lakhs, which would be borne by MPMC,\" said Dr Tripathi.MPMC assumes that about 2 to 3 per cent of its registered doctors are dead, some 10% to 12% are practicing in other parts of India or abroad. \"Duplication of records is also a possibility, as we had three bodies which registered doctors before 1996,\" he added. Before MPMC was established in 1996 registrations were done by Mahakoshal Medical Council, Madhya Bharat Medical Council and Bhopal Medical Council.BOX:Reasons for survey not being conductedPermission for survey yet to be sought from state governmentThe survey was a personal thought of few from MPMCAdministrative changes in the health department deferred decisionDual responsibilities of registrar at MPMC and directorate of healthBudgetary provisions requiredTendering procedures not yet in place", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149766", "title": "Rangoli artists lend colour and innovation to Diwali", "text": "MUMBAI: One of the best displays of artistry at Diwali shows up in the professional rangavalli or rangoli shows organized across Vile Parle, Girgaum and Thane.Bankers, engineers and doctors skilled in free hand drawing gather around in a big circle and create exquisite designs without smudging or erasing the lines. Vast rangolis spanning up to 25,000 ft are known to fill open grounds in Borivli, while small squares depicting birds, animals and portraits decorate school halls in Girgaum.The city has a number of professional mandals that say the rangoli is not just a pretty design, but it also carries a spiritual and social message. Thane's Rangvalli claims that its move to extend rangoli beyond the threshold of the house became a game-changer in 2002. \"We drew a design spanning 75 ft in diameter which was unprecedented. Now of course, we draw rangolis measuring up to 25,000 ft as we did in Borivli at Gudi Padwa this year,\" says spokesperson Ved Katti.Interestingly, while the housewife painstakingly draws thin lines by using a pinch of powder between three fingers, the flamboyant artists of Rangvalli use all five fingers to draw a thick design given the grandeur of scale. As the pattern emerges, the artwork evokes awe and admiration within spectators. \"Each of our 150 members knows what to do, where to stand and how to retreat without stepping on the rangoli. Anxious visitors place bets to see if the artists will smudge the design but they never do,\" laughs Ved Katti.Meanwhile, Chikitsak Samuha school in Girgaum is a virtual nursery of talented rangoli artists who have gone on to graduate from JJ School of Art and train the next generation in this skill. \"Our ex-students have perfected the art of portraiture from lake colours, as we call them. Rather than buy rangoli powder from the market, they laboriously grind stones and sieve the crush to get the shades they want. It takes an entire day to do so,\" says drawing master Vishwas Bhatkar.These experts under the banner of the Girgaum Rangavali will present their annual Diwali display from November 10-18 at Bhimabai Rane school near Central Plaza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17148868", "title": "HC upholds 1-year validity of construction licence under CCP law", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa dismissed a petition alleging an inconsistency between a provision of a one-year validity for a construction licence under the Corporation of City of Panaji (CCP) Act as against the three-year validity of the development permission under the Goa Land Development and Building Construction Regulations, 2010.A division bench comprising Justice S J Vazifdar and Justice U V Bakre observed thus: \"The legislature is entitled to stipulate different conditions in respect of the permissions granted under the respective enactments. The applicant must comply with the conditions under both the enactments.\"In this case, in February, the North Goa planning and development authority had granted development permission to Maria Dias for constructing a building for a hotel which was valid for three years. In March, the CCP granted her a construction license that was valid for one year.Dias approached the high court and pointed out that regulation 3.9 of the Goa Land Development and Building Construction Regulations, 2010, states that the sanction for erection of the building remains in force for three years.During the hearing of the case, Dias's lawyer J Godinho submitted that the regulation 3.9 overrides Section 262 of the Corporation Act, which restricts the period of validity of construction license to one year.While arguing that various enactments operate for different purposes, advocate general of the state ANS Nadkarni pointed out that the development permission is granted under the Development Act and the construction licence is granted under the Corporation Act.The court also noted that there is no inconsistency between Section 262 of the Corporation Act and Regulation 3.9 of the Development Regulation as the purpose of these enactments are different.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17150196", "title": "Students, locals stage blockade, demand repair of potholed road", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Scores of students and locals on Thursday blocked the traffic on Kamla Nehru Road to demand repair of a road leading to CMP Degree College, girls wing. Students alleged they have been given false assurances on repair of road but nothing has been done so far.The protest brought the traffic to a halt on the road, leading to long queue of vehicles. The blockade lasted for two hours on the busy route.Cops from Kotwali and Civil Lines police stations reached the spot and tried to pacify the agitating students and locals. The students added that they have been facing numerous problems due to bad condition of road but till date none of the official concerned has visited the spot. They alleged that the road is full of pot-holes which results in accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17151153", "title": "Marshals missing in the sky", "text": "NEW DELHI: The growing menace of unruly flyers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who are increasingly putting lives of fellow passengers at risk \u00e2\u20ac\u201d may have instilled fear of flying among air travellers but the government is yet to provide adequate safeguards against this risk. India is awaiting the result of an International Civil Aviation Organization's working group recommendation to tackle this issue and then consider them for implementing here.But the simplest thing that can be done \u00e2\u20ac\u201d increasing the presence of sky marshals from the elite National Security Guard (NSG) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is being shied away from due to logistical issues like lack of personnel and costs involved for airlines in providing hotel accommodation to them. At present, sky marshals are mostly provided on some international routes and some sensitive domestic ones.\"The requirement is constantly assessed by the Bureau for Civil Aviation Security (BCAS), security and intelligence agencies. The threat perception determines deployment of sky marshals. Under no circumstance are they present on each and every flight. That is simply not possible,\" said sources.Sky marshals were introduced after the hijack of Indian Airlines flight IC 814 in December 1999 which was supposed to fly from Kathmandu to Delhi but ended up in Kandahar. They were initially deployed only on international flights to Kathmandu (due to a reportedly lax airport security there for some time) and then expanded on other SAARC flights.Later, the NSG sky marshals were introduced on sensitive domestic routes like Jammu and Kashmir and northeast. The demand kept growing with increasing intelligence inputs about the likelihood of other routes being targeted by hijackers from time to time. Most recently, there has been a demand from airlines to have marshals on Gulf flights.\"In recent years, air travel has become more common with budget carriers. Now we have an increasing problem of unruly passengers posing risk to airborne aircraft. While comparing an unruly passenger to a hijacker is not correct, the fact is both endanger passenger safety. Therefore the government must increase sky marshal presence. It will act as a strong deterrent to anyone who plans to act funny in an aircraft,\" said an airline official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150638", "title": "Chandigarh municipal corporation swoops down on encroachers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The enforcement wing of the Chandigarh municipal corporation conducted an anti-encroachment drive in Sector 17 on Thursday. Besides issuing 70 challans to violators, the raiding team seized seven abandoned three-wheelers from outside a green belt and a car being repaired outside the green belt. The enforcement staff also removed several encroachments. They took the help of the local police to prevent untoward incidents.SI arrested for threatening: District police arrested a Chandigarh Police sub-inspector (SI) Om Parkash for allegedly passing obscene remarks and threatening a Panchkula woman over the phone, on Thursday. An FIR was registered at Chandimandir police station on November 1. He was in-charge of a police-post in Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17149421", "title": "BJP demands job for dead lady doctor's kin", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The BJP on Thursday demanded that the government give a job to a kin of Ayurvedic doctor Madhabilata Pradhan, who died under mysterious circumstances recently.A 10-member delegation, led by state BJP party vice-president Ashok Sahu met the bereaved family members at Brahmagiri in Puri district on Thursday. \"The government should immediately give employment to a kin of the deceased and pay compensation to the poor family,\" Sahu said.Joining the chorus of protest by civil society organizations, Ayurvedic doctors and Mahila Congress, the BJP too demanded a CBI probe into her death. \"Though the Crime Branch was recently handed over the probe charge, people have no faith in the investigating agency. Let the government go for a CBI inquiry,\" Sahu said.Truth should be found out about the alleged complicity of Brahmagiri MLA Sanjay Dasburma behind her death, the senior BJP leader said. While Mahila Congress and Pradhan's family alleged that the BJD legislator mentally harassed the doctor and put pressure for her transfer, Dasburma rebuffed the charges of mental torture.Notably, the Orissa high court on Wednesday directed the state government to submit a status report on the investigation into the doctor's death. She was found dead on a railway track at Malatipatpur near Puri on October 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17149480", "title": "Premier medical college drops Netaji tag", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: City AIIMS has decided to drop the tag of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose from its name. Though initially the upcoming institute was being referred to as Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose All India Institute of Medical Sciences, it is now being called AIIMS only.Sources said the institute dropped the prefix to its name to avoid any controversy in future. \"The institute decided not to use the name of the leader as it may kick off a political controversy in future. Some political parties may suggest that it should be better called Madhu Babu AIIMS in the name of freedom fighter and social reformer Madhusudan Das or Biju Patnaik AIIMS in the name of the former chief minister of Odisha,\" a source familiar with the development said.AIIMS authorities further said that it was not a practice to name the institute after some well known personality. \"The parent AIIMS in New Delhi is simply AIIMS New Delhi. Similarly, other AIIMS clones are also being simply called AIIMS. Ours is AIIMS Bhubaneswar,\" AIIMS director Ashok Mohapatra told TOI.Meanwhile, the city AIIMS has got its own logo. The logo contains the international doctors' symbol (two snakes curled around the rod Asklepios, the ancient Greek god of medicine), an emblem of Dhauli peace pagoda and the Konark wheel. Dhauli is a symbol of world peace. Similarly, the Konark wheel embodies the symbol of national integrity. In the logo, the name of the institute is written in English and Devanagiri scripts. It also contains two Sanskrit slokka - \"Karmanyeva Adhikaraste ma phaleshu kadhachana\" and \"Para yaksham subami te\".\"The logo is unique with symbols significant to world, India and Odisha contained in it,\" the AIIMS director said. The logo was selected from around 50 suggestions.Coming up at a 100-acre land at Sijua village near the city, the 1000-bed super-speciality hospital is being established under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojna (PMSSY) at an estimated cost of Rs 820 crore. The MBBS course has already started at the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17149191", "title": "'No plans of reviving Pune-Singapore flight'", "text": "PUNE: The Air India (AI) has no plans yet to revive the Pune-Singapore direct flight service, which was started amid much fanfare in December 2005 but was suspended in September 2007 citing operational reasons.\"Our ongoing efforts are aimed at expanding flight operations to newer destinations on the domestic circuit but revival of flight service to Singapore is not on the cards yet,\" a senior AI official told TOI on Thursday. The service to Singapore along with Dubai, were the first international flights to operate from the Lohegaon airport in the city.Former civil aviation minister and NCP leader Praful Patel had launched the Pune-Dubai on December 12, 2005 to mark the birthday of his party supremo Sharad Pawar . On December 13, 2005, the Pune-Singapore flight service was flagged off.The Dubai flight was started by Air India, using a Boeing 737-800 aircraft for this service, while the flight to Singapore was operated by Indian Airlines , which eventually merged with Air India. The two services had increased hopes of more international flights operating from Lohegaon airport.However, the Singapore flight was suspended on September 15, 2007 in view of the resurfacing and recarpeting of the runway undertaken by the Indian Air Force (IAF), which controls the Lohegaon air base. The airport is a part of the strategically vital fighter base. The flight service to Dubai was subsequently taken over by Air India Express, an AI subsidiary.In June 2008, German airlines Lufthansa introduced Pune-Frankfurt direct flight service and the airport has since then been handling two international flights. There has been no further expansion in the number of flights connecting Pune with new international destinations. SilkAir, a subsidiary of Singapore Airlines has showed interest in starting flight service to Singapore but the plan is yet to materialize.An airline official said, \"Dubai remains a lucrative destination. But a large number of travellers from Pune and adjoining districts also keep visiting Singapore, Malaysia, Bangkok and other prominent destinations via Mumbai. This segment is yet to be tapped.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17148855", "title": "'Sagar Kavach' exercise was successful: Coast Guard Goa commander", "text": "PANAJI: The Sagar Kavach exercise that was being conducted in the state concluded on Thursday. The exercise, which includes a mock drill which was held to check the state's security preparedness, was declared a success by forces.DIG S D Bhanot, commander, Coast Guard Goa area, said, \"Coordination between the security agencies was achieved in a cohesive manner through the exercise.\"\"We are happy about the way the exercise has gone,\" he told TOI.Sources said all the data collated over the four days of the exercise will be analysed at a debriefing which will be held soon. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17149835", "title": "Students feel the heat of number mismatch", "text": "BHOPAL: Don't be surprised if Barkatullah University rejects your online admission. According to Barkatullah University, a discrepancy in the information from the higher education department about online admission of students -- shows number of students exceeding allotted seats is causing confusion. The BU has written a letter to the department to resolve the issue at the earliest.When contacted, BU registrar Dr Sanjay Tiwari said the situation needs to be resolved to avoid any delay in exam dates. \"We have received the information about the admitted student through a CD provided by the department. The situation turned confusing for us when we received the number of admission forms from the colleges more than the seat allotted to them,\" said Dr Tiwari.The confusion over mismatch in number of seats and forms forwarded by the colleges was not limited to private institutions only. \"We have received several mismatched information from government colleges also,\" the registrar said.Even records of few students were found missing after cross-checking the admission forms. \"A government college in Baadi Bareli sent admission forms of some students, whose names were mentioned in the list the department provided. This is surprising,\" Dr Tiwari said.Higher education department introduced online admission this year with a view to having a uniform academic calendar across all colleges in the state and to complete the academic session in one calendar.Dr Tiwari, however, refused to comment on the reason of the mismatched information. \"I do not have any clue. We have written a letter to the department seeking immediate solution,\" Tiwari told TOI.The university registrar said, \"We can't decide the exam date and then announce results unless this situation resolves. Colleges forwarded 500 forms while they were allowed to take admission of 300 only. What to do with the rest 200 students. On our part, there is no problem,\" Dr Tiwari claimed.Despite several efforts, commissioner higher education V S Niranjan , authorized to speak on the issue, could not be contacted.ramendra.singh@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151839", "title": "Between the lines: This collector has more than 250 bookmarks", "text": "CHENNAI: S Suresh was happy on Wednesday when Barack Obama was re-elected as US President, not because of any political affiliation but because it meant his bookmark listing all the US Presidents could stay in his collection. \"I was wondering if I'd have to get a new one if Obama lost,\" says Suresh, 45, who has a collection of more than 250 bookmarks.An archaeologist and state convener of the conservation group INTACH, Suresh began his bookmark collection as an offshoot of his penchant for collecting books. \"I have more than 20,000 books, a collection begun by my grandparents,\" says Suresh.Some years ago, while reading , Suresh realised that some of his books contained unusual bookmarks. \"I took them out and found that there was an interesting collection,\" he says. He began \"systematically\" collecting bookmarks in 1997.His collection includes bookmarks of metal, paper, stained glass, cherry wood and even one of dried flowers, which he never uses for fear it will disintegrate. A friend has knitted him a wormshaped bookmark in wool. The oldest is a 75-year-old leather bookmark that belonged to his grandparents . He even has one made of magnetic sheets that not only marks your spot in the book, but also never falls out. \"I got it at the Guggenheim Museum in the US,\" says Suresh. \"They made it because garden readers complained that bookmarks fly off during strong winds.\"Suresh bought more than 150 of his bookmarks while travelling abroad. \"Many museums abroad sell bookmarks with photographs of the building or the masterpieces . They also print entry tickets in the form of bookmarks,\" he says. He sometimes buys two entry tickets just so he can add one to his collection. In India , the only museum to give entry tickets in the form of bookmarks is the National Museum in Delhi.\"Very few cultural institutions in India bring out bookmarks,\" says Suresh. So, a few years ago when he heard that Kalakshetra Foundation was bringing out bookmarks featuring founder Rukmini Devi Arundale, he rushed over and bought a couple. Suresh says it's easy to preserve his collection \u00e2\u20ac\u201d he just stores them in his books. \"It keeps them pressed and fresh,\" he says. \"And honestly, there's really no better home for a bookmark.\"kamini.mathai@timesgroup.com(This is a weekly series that features the people who collect odds and ends, from stamps and coins to racing cars and rocks)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17149850", "title": "Dashrath Manjhi portrayed as poor man\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Shah Jahan in Ketan Mehta's film", "text": "GAYA: Noted filmmaker Ketan Mehta is portraying mountain man Dashrath Manjhi as the poor man's Shah Jahan. Mehta is busy making a biographical film on Manjhi, who claimed to have flattened a 360 ft long, 30 ft wide and 25 ft high hillock in the Gehlor valley on his wife's challenge. A motorable road subsequently came up at the place.The Ketan Mehta film cast includes Nawazuddin Siddiqi of the 'Gangs of Wasseypur' fame playing Dashrath Manjhi and Radhika Apte portraying Manjhi's wife, Falguni Devi. Sound design of the film has been done by Shahaab Alam.As per Manjhi's version given to the TOI in the year 1993, his (Manjhi's) fight with the Gehlor hills had a somewhat tragic beginning.It so happened that Dashrath was ploughing on the other side of the Gehlor hills and Falguni was supposed to bring the lunch for him, but Falguni was nowhere around. After a long wait, she arrived with the 'roti' but no water as the water got spilled while she was negotiating the rough terrain.A hungry and thirsty Dashrath slapped Falguni. Challenging the 'man' in Manjhi, Falguni dared him to tame the hillock as the hillock was the villain of the piece and the 'lota' (water container) fell due to the non- negotiable hillock.Accepting his wife's challenge, Manjhi went hammer and tongs after the hillock and spent his leisure hours cutting the rocks (earning the family bread through ploughing and odd jobs), Manjhi could not pursue his mission full time.On one occasion, a passerbby taunted Manjhi by quoting the proverb 'Dilli Door Hai'.Taking it literally, Manjhi threw the hammer and chisel and took the railway track barefoot on 'Destination Delhi' and obtained the signatures of all the station managers on the route. One and half months later, Manjhi was in New Delhi with a dogbite in the way.In the attempt to portray Manjhi as the poor man's Shah Jahan, activist S B Bhaskar has emerged as the villain of the piece.Rubbishing Dashrath's claim, Bhaskar says that such a huge chunk of hillock cannot be single-handedly demolished by a frail man working part time with his rudimentary instruments including a hammer and chisel.For several years now, Bhaskar has been demanding the certification of the late Dashrath Manjhi's claim by experts but neither Manjhi volunteered for the scientific test of his claims nor did any government agency constitute a fact-finding team.Asked whether he sincerely believed that Manjhi personally flattened the hillock, director Mehta said he had no reason to disbelieve.Manjhi as he looked for positivity in his characters. \"For me, it was enough if Manjhi only thought about it without actually doing it,\" said Mehta. On the point of eccentricity in Dashrath Manjhi's behaviour, Mehta said an element of \"madness\" exists in people like Manjhi and he salutes this spirit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17148908", "title": "Shubham to undergo MRI scan today", "text": "PUNE: Shubham Deshmukh, the seven-month-old baby who miraculously survived after being thrown by his father Datta on Wednesday afternoon from the railway overbridge in Pimpri, would be undergoing an MRI scan on Friday.Though no internal or external injuries were found when the baby was rushed to Yashwantrao Chavan memorial hospital, PCMC's health chief A D Jagdale said, We have consulted a neurosurgeon and will be conducting a MRI scan at the hospital to rule out any delayed eruption of spinal injury.\"Jagdale said the baby is not moving his right leg because of pain. \"X-Ray and CT Scans were performed on the baby on Wednesday but no internal injuries were found. The baby has been kept under observation for 48 hours,\" he added. Shubham survived as he fell on a grassy patch covered with garbage near the tracks.His mother Shubhangi said she and her husband hail from a village near Karad and belong to the Gondhali community. They earn their living by performing outside homes. They had gone to Lonavla for her husband's hepatitis treatment. Her husband has a nine-year old son Yash from his previous marriage who lives with her mother-in-law, Tayadi Deshmukh. Yash's mother had abandoned them.Datta has been arrested on charges of attempt to murder, Shubangi and her mother-in-law Tayadi said they will go to their village once Shubham is discharged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150807", "title": "Kuldeep's Diwali: HC clears promotion of cop opposed by Narendra Modi government", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Kuldeep Sharma, one of the most inconvenient IPS officers for the Narendra Modi government, got a reprieve on Thursday after the Delhi high court rejected the Gujarat government's opposition to his elevation to the director general (DG) rank.The development has thrown open the possibility of Sharma getting to head the Gujarat. police in case the Election Commission of India decides to depute him during the crucial assembly polls. The central government can also consider Sharma for the post of CBI director or a similar rank, like director of IB.Incidentally, Sharma retires a day after the results of the elections will be out on December 20. The Gujarat government has so far fought tooth and nail to oppose Sharma's recent empanelment for promotion to the rank of DG by the central government.Sharma, a Gujarat cadre officer, is currently on deputation at the Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPRD) in Delhi. His lawyer I H Syed said, \"Sharma will get his promotion as DGP which was due since March 2010.\"The state government had on October 1 objected to Sharma's promotion in the Delhi high court, which heard an appeal filed by Gujarat government challenging the Delhi Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) order, which allowed Sharma's deputation in the central government.CAT had overruled Gujarat government's decision to downgrade Sharma's annual confidential report from 'excellent' to 'very good'. CAT had also quashed Gujarat government's objection to Sharma's deputation on grounds of pending inquiry against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17153814", "title": "A grand opening weekend for 'Skyfall' in India", "text": "The hugely anticipated 23rd Bond film 'Skyfall', starring Daniel Craig and Oscar-winner Javier Bardem , has posted a gross of Rs 27.5 crore approximately in its four-day opening weekend in India.This makes it the second biggest opening weekend ever for a Hollywood film in India and the highest for a non-3D film.The film has grossed Rs 34.5 crore as of today.Sony Pictures India released the film on November 1 with 907 prints (the largest 2D Hollywood release ever) in four languages ? English, Hindi, Tamil and Telugu - and in 2D and IMAX formats.The film's weekend had the best opening for a Bond film in India so far, exceeding other big box office performers Quantum of Solace (2008) and Casino Royale (2006).Both the films posted lifetime Gross box office (GBO) of Rs 44.4 crore and Rs 40.3 crore respectively.Skyfall also posted the biggest ever Thursday opening for any Hollywood title with Rs 6.5 crore.Skyfall has not only continued India's fascination with the James Bond franchise, but also expanded it. Extremely positive reviews and word-of-mouth will ensure that the film has a long and successful run at the box office and will garner repeat viewings as well,\" said Kercy Daruwala, MD, Sony Pictures India.Directed by Sam Mendes , the film stars Daniel Craig as Bond, Judi Dench as M, Javier Bardem, Ralph Fiennes , Naomie Harris and Berenice Lim Marlohe.Earlier this year, Sony Pictures India had the number 1 Hollywood opening weekend of all time with The Amazing Spider-Man (3D) and another top 15 opening weekend in Men In Black 3 (3D).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "buxar/ara", "code": "17150323", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s graft charges must be probed: VK Singh", "text": "BUXAR/ARA: There is a need to thoroughly probe the allegations of corruption made by Arvind Kejriwal against some of the top politicians and people connected with the powers that be in the country, said former Army chief V K Singh at a function in Buxar on Thursday.\"Kejriwal is making allegations of corruption with evidences to support them,\" Singh said. He, however, refused to join the party launched by Kejriwal.\"Loknayak Jayprakash Narayan had not joined any party. He had moved ahead alone to fight corruption and people rallied behind him which resulted in a people's movement in 1974,\" he said.\"I will tell you about my next step later,\" the former Army chief said.Singh said he was now working among farmers, youths and jawans to help launch a 'Jan jagran' (people's movement) against corruption. During his meeting with a delegation of ex-soldiers based in Buxar, Singh appealed to them to join the people's movement against corruption.Addressing a meeting at Nagari Pracharini Sabhagar in Ara town later in the day, Singh said the country honours those who sacrifice their lives for their motherland. The meeting was organized in the memory of the seven martyrs who had sacrificed their lives while trying to unfurl the national flag in front of the Assembly building in Patna on August 11, 1942.Singh said every year people and leaders pay homage to Mahatma Gandhi but very few of them follow his teachings. He said the policies which do not serve the interest of the farmers and the poor have no meaning. Jayprakash Narayan had raised his voice against anarchy and corruption prevailing in the country but as soon as the Janata Party came to power, the party leaders changed colour overnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17149535", "title": "CPM, JDP call for Dayamani Barla's release", "text": "RANCHI: Various political parties and institutions have come out in support of state's tribal activist Dayamani Barla who is presently lodged in Hotwar Central Jail. Members of CPI(ML) on Thursday took out a rally in support of Barla who has been in jail since October 16 under various charges.While the Jharkhand Disom Party (JDP) would organize a dharna near the governor's house on Friday for Barla's release, the Adivasi Jan Parisad would take out a march on November 15 for the same issue. Human rights activists and the social networking sites are also supporting Barla.Even American philosopher Noam Chomsky wrote a letter to the government of India demanding the release of the tribal activist. A group of CPM activists on Thursday took out a procession holding placards demanding Barla's release and withdrawal of all charges against her.Barla was arrested and sent to jail after she surrendered at the Ranchi civil court in connection with a 2006 case wherein she is accused of blocking a road near the BDO office in Angada block while demanding fair distribution of MNREGA job cards.Soon after she was released on bail on October 19, Barla was incarcerated again this time for violating court orders by ploughing land at Nagri village, some 20 km from here. The activist also faces charges of defamation because she took part in a demonstration where activists burnt the effigies of the Jharkhand high court on October 4 along with Jharkhand Disom Party activists.Coming out in Barla's support, CPM secretariat member Prafulla Linda said: \"The charges slapped against her are false. Her arrest will affect the movement of tribals in the state.\"During her three-day-long tour to the state CPM politburo member Brinda Karat had called on Barla in jail on Wednesday and had sought her release.JDP president Salkhan Murmu said, \"The district administration, the judiciary and the Jharkhand government are trying to suppress popular protest at Nagri by lodging false and flimsy cases against activists.\"The JDP along with the CPM have planned several rounds of protests to get the activist released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150649", "title": "HC stays land acquisition in Jind village", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday stayed the acquisition of around 2 acres of land in Uchana village of Jind district of Haryana that was to be acquired allegedly for benefiting Congress leader and Rajya Sabha MP Birender Singh.The land is adjacent to two colleges -- Rajiv Gandhi Mahavidayalya, in which Birender Singh is the trustees, and Birender Singh College of Nursing, run by his wife Prem Lata -- in Uchana.A division bench headed by Justice Hemant Gupta passed the orders while hearing a petition filed by one Baljit Singh of Uchana Kalan village. The bench ordered the authorities not to dispossess the petitioner from the said land and has also admitted the matter for further hearing.The petitioner in this case had submitted that he owns land measuring 1.9 acre at Uchana Kalan and has developed an orchard after spending huge amount. The state government issued a notification in May and November 2010 to acquire the said land for \"public purpose\" for construction of a rest house.However, the petitioner informed the HC that the very purpose of this acquisition is not for public purpose but only to please MP and senior Congress leader Birender Singh, who is running two private colleges on the adjoining land. He also submitted that due to presence of high-tension wire of 132KV near and over to the land of these colleges, they were unable to utilize the said land properly.The petitioner's counsel Deepak Balyan submitted that once the land was acquired for building the rest house, the government will have to remove the said high tension line from the area, giving indirect benefit to the institutions run by the MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17149351", "title": "Putting their name on grain of rice", "text": "NAGPUR: Talodhi, a village in Chandrapur district, is emerging as a centre for 'rice breeding' in literal sense. Two retired agricultural scientists from city, a big farming family from the village, the Poshattiwars, and some local farmers have joined hands in developing new genetically pure varieties from locally available varieties.It would not be an exaggeration if Poshattiwars and their team of farmers are called 'farmer scientists' as they are developing new rice genotypes or selections through scientific methods. In fact, they are doing what an agriculture university or an institute would do without any funding from any agency since 2002. They have already reached the 'foundation seed' (pure seeds produced under supervision of scientists) stage in four varieties including a Basmati like variety. Work on three more selections is at the 'characteristics' verification stage. Over 600 farmers are a part of this exercise.The pair of extremely dedicated and passionate scientists, Prof Anand Mukewar, retired professor from the Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV), and Sharad E Pawar, retired scientist from Bhaba Atomic Research Centre (BARC), are torch bearers of what they call a 'participatory plant breeding'. They say the new varieties are being developed mainly taking into account farmers' interests like increased yield, scented varieties and the profit margin. In view of the uncertainty in rains at the end of monsoon season, focus was also on developing early maturing selections.The work of selecting the best quality grains from various locally available varieties and converting them into true to quality (characteristics) took Annasaheb Poshattiwar ten years with guidance from scientists. The team roped in farmers from neighbouring villages as well as those from other rice growing districts in Vidarbha like Bhandara and Gondia in the project during last 3-4 years.The varieties in the offing and in last couple of years of 'foundation seed' stage are Talodhi Hira-135 (a superfine non-scented), Parvati Chinnor (scented), Talodhi Sona-135 (HMT like variety) and a Basmati like selection-33-2. Those in the pipeline with more superior qualities slated to go for field trials are Palasgaon Sona-135 (scented) and three Basmati like varieties: GP-8, a very early maturing (110 days) one, 23-R and a dwarf of Basmati like variety.Annasaheb Poshattiwar, project leader, admits he was ignorant of the science behind development of new varieties. \"Now all of us have learnt the art of selfing, a process which involves covering of each ear of the rice-bearing grain with butter paper to prevent cross pollination within two plants in the same field to maintain purity of characters in the seeds. These seeds in covered portions become the seeds for next generation and the process continues,\" he explained.His daughter in law, Aasawari, has been actually doing this herself. A science graduate, she picked up the technique easily. \"I would sit to segregate seeds late nights with Mukewar and Pawar sir and the graders initially. Now I can record all 65 characters in each seed in minutes,\" she said.The Poshattiwars and the scientists, however, could have never achieved their target had it not been for Gulabrao Shende, a commerce graduate from Dhanwate National College in Nagpur, who is the informal managing director of the project. \"Even if Gulabrao is sleeping and gets a phone call from the two scientists, first thing he does is take out his diary and pen to note the instructions. His meticulous record keeping and scientific skills are extraordinary,\" said Annasaheb.It was Annasaheb's experience and intelligence that got the first Basmati-like produce tested for quality by the consumers. He gave the rice to Babbu's hotel in Mominpura to try it in Biryani. It was a hit. In another few years, probably Poshattiwars will be known for the rice they developed.Timeline of participatory breeding movement2002- Purified four selected seeds from local germ plasm from the ordinary rice being grown in the region and also from those undergoing natural crossing2005- Cultivated these four selections for three years to stabilise the characteristics of each selection2005-08- Conducted yield evaluation of all the four selections2008-09- Took up seed production at large scale2009-12 - 600 farmers with their 4000 acres of land are involved in the participatory breeding project conducting field trials and multiplication of seeds by the farmers in different villages in and around Talodhi in Nagbhid, Sindewahi, Pauni tehsils and also some farmers on Bhandara and Gondia, the other two rice growing districts of VidarbhaModifications in milling machinery to suit Basmati like variety", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17153628", "title": "UK honours Indian-origin 'spy princess' Noor Inayat Khan", "text": "LONDON: Britain on Thursday remembered the sacrifice of Noor Inayat Khan, unveiling a bronze bust of the Indian-origin 'spy princess', who worked in France during World War II before being tortured and shot by the German Nazis.Khan, a direct descendant of Mysore's 18th century ruler Tipu Sultan , was killed in 1944 after her spy network collapsed in France.The bust was unveiled today at the Gordon Square Gardens here near the house where she lived as a child, by Queen Elizabeth II's daughter, Princess Anne, who praised her valour and supreme sacrifice.It is said to be the first such memorial in Britain dedicated to a Muslim and the first in honour of an Asian woman.Khan was posthumously awarded the George Cross for her work in France and for revealing nothing of use to her interrogators despite being tortured by the Gestapo for 10 months.Noor's father Inayat Khan was the great grandson of Tipu Sultan, who had refused to submit to British rule and was killed in battle in 1799.Khan was an operative of the British Special Operations Executive (SOE), who was sent to France to aid the French resistance to the Nazis. She was captured and killed by the Gestapo at the age of 30.\"Stories like these are very remarkable and it also reflects the multicultural and international aspect of our life. I hope it will remind people to ask questions who she was and why she she was here,\" said Princess Anne.Khan was the last essential link with London after mass arrests by the Gestapo destroyed the Special Operations Executive spy network in Paris.As her spy circuit collapsed, her commanders urged her to return, but she refused to abandon her French comrades without communication.For three months, she single-handedly ran a cell of spies across Paris , frequently changing her appearance and name until she was eventually captured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17152137", "title": "Dhoni unveils plans for 2013 Supersport Championship", "text": "MUMBAI: As a kid, Mahendra Singh Dhoni had just one aim: to join the army. \"That was my only ambition in life. I badly wanted to don the army fatigue,\" he says. Then, cricket happened.\"I never thought this game would become my profession. I never ever thought that one day I would play for India, forget becoming captain. It just happened.\"There's another oft-mentioned aspect to Dhoni's personality too: his love for bikes.\"I have always been passionate about bikes. I always wanted to do something about it.\"Thus was born 'MSD R-N Racing Team India' in June this year, which entered the Supersport FIM World Championship midway through the 2012 season and capped it off with a podium finish in the last race at Magny Cours, France.On Wednesday evening, Dhoni's Superbike team unveiled its plans for the 2013 Supersport Championship season with a new name and two new drivers.Current world champion Kenan Sofuoglu of Turkey and veteran French rider Fabien Foret , who won the 2002 Supersport title, are the new additions to the rechristened 'Mahi Racing Team India', which has retained its original cast of Briton Dan Linfoot and 19-yearold French racer Florian Marino.\"We hope to have a good finish in 2013. We have a good mix of drivers, and we have factory support from Kawasaki which is a big boost. But I would not like to pressurize the drivers for a podium finish in every race. As in cricket, I don't think too much about the end result; for me, the process and preparation are important,\" Dhoni said at the unveiling function of his team's new identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17151846", "title": "Wrong driver beaten to death in accident case", "text": "TRICHY: In a case of mistaken identity, an innocent man who had been summoned by police to drive a vehicle that had met with an accident, was beaten to death as he was misconstrued to be the person who caused the accident killing one person.A certain Rajesh was riding a two-wheeler near Manakkal in Lalgudi taluk with his father Murthy as pillion when a sand-laden truck on its way to Trichy from Anbil hit the bike head-on. Strangely, Rajesh, the rider, escaped with simple injuries, while his father Murthy got entangled in the rear wheel of the truck and was crushed to death. Martin, the driver of the truck, fled the scene and he could not be traced until late in the night.The incident that occurred in the afternoon caused a traffic jam on the Trichy-Lalgudi road, and the Lalgudi police in a hurry had brought one K Rajesh Kumar, himself a lorry driver, to drive the abandoned truck to the Lalgudi police station. As the truck he was driving was entering Lalgudi, a number of persons who came in bikes intercepted the truck and started to rain blows on the driver, to avenge the death of Murthy. Superintendent of police, Trichy district, R Lalitha Lakshmi, said Rajesh Kumar tried his best to explain that he was from Mela Manakkal and he was just helping the police drive the vehicle to the cop house. But the mob pulped him as they were not convinced by his explanation. The accompanying police could not pacify them either. Rajesh Kumar died, and it was not immediately known whether he did on the spot following the physical attack, or on the way to the Trichy government hospital.Lalgudi DSP Abdul Aziz told TOI that Rajesh Kumar did not suffer any external injuries, and only a postmortem report would reveal the truth. A lot of Rajesh Kumar's friends and relatives assembled at Trichy Mahatma Gandhi Government Hospital, and were agitated by the news spread by some unidentified Lalgudi policemen that he died of heart attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17150723", "title": "Seven suspected dengue cases in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: Seven suspected dengue cases have been reported from the city. Dr Anil Verma, epidemiologist at civil surgeon\"s office, said, \"Of the 23 suspected cases reported in the city hospitals, seven are from Ludhiana city and as many from other areas of the district, including two each from Khanna and Sahnewal, one each from Jagraon, Macchiwara and Hambran.\" \"Besides, four are from Hoshiarpur, one each from Patiala and Moga. And, two are from Himachal Pradesh and one from Haryana,\" he added. The number of confirmed dengue cases reported from the city stands at 151.Mathematics fest concludes: The Mathematics Fest 2012 concluded with a dance medley and bhangra performance at the BCM Arya School on Thursday. Students participated in events like quiz, power-point presentation and debate on the last day. Chief guest Dr D S Pal from Punjab Agricultural University distributed prizes to winners and told students about the importance of mathematics.Students improve oratory skills: The montessori students at Ryan International School, Dugri got a chance to improve their oration skills by participating in a story narration competition on Thursday. The tiny tots were appreciated for their narration using props. The winners were: Montessori I- Anandita, Montessori II- Sidak and Montessori III-Saumya.Pet show for kids: A pet show kept the montessori students of Ryan International School, Jamalpur, enchanted on Thursday. Using the peculiar play method, Ryanites learned about pet animals and poultry birds, as they got a chance to see calf, hen, fish, rabbits, snail and puppies at the school campus.Fashion students exhibit work: The department of fashion designing at the Guru Nanak Girls College, Model Town, organized a three-day fashion exhibition cum fest on Thursday. College principal Dr Charanjit Mahal and Guru Nanak Education Trust president S Gurbir Singh inaugurated the exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17150296", "title": "Lakshmi-Ganesha in environment-friendly avtaar this Diwali", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Sangam city is a step ahead in celebrating Diwali with eco-friendly idols of Lord Ganesha and Goddess Lakshmi, made of natural, bio-degradable material like cow dung, lac, coconut shells and jute, clay and natural colours. In fact, all those who care for the environment are not only booking eco-friendly idols, they are apprising neighbours, relatives and friends of their advantage. With the festival of lights round the corner, citizens are demanding eco-friendly idols not only in urban pockets but on the outskirts as well.\"There are requests for eco-friendly idols,\" said a shopkeeper dealing in idols and decorative items at Subhash crossing. He added that not only the elite class, people from neighbouring areas too are showing interest in the new variety and have already placed order.As go-green is the new mantra, citizens are saying no to idols made of chemical, plaster of Paris , clay, plastic, or thermocol (polystyrene) and opting for ones made of biodegradable material so as not to pollute the surroundings.Pointing out that it is an easy process to sculpt an eco-friendly idol, local sculptors claim they have been making idols of other gods and goddess like lord Hanuman, Durga and Saraswati too.These reasonably priced idols, ranging from Rs 100 to Rs 550, are light and sturdy. Officials of the UP Pollution Control Board as well as environmentalists claim they would check environmental pollution to quite an extent. Most of the idols on sale are made attractive using a poisonous combination of lead in paint and plaster of Paris. There are also orders to purchase silver idols of Ganesha and Lakshmi.\"I have not only purchased eco-friendly idols but advised my friends and relatives to go in for them too,\" says Ajay Tripathi.\"We should take care of our environment and it's everybody's responsibility to protect it and encourage others to do the same,\" said class VIII student, Shubham, adding \"Children of our school have been apprising people about the importance of eco-friendly idols to people in our area\". In metropolitan cities, people are already aware of eco-friendly idols and time has come for citizens to opt for them in KAVAL towns too, said an official of the UPPCB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17151521", "title": "HDMC plans to turn waste into energy", "text": "HUBLI: With little time to waste, the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation has decided to set up a biogas plant on Karwar road to find a solution to the twin cities' mounting garbage woes.HDMC is set to close a deal with a firm for exporting bio-manure produced while treating waste since it is anticipating strong resistance from people living in and around its dumping yard on Karwar road over indiscriminate garbage dumping. It has decided to set up a biogas plant at the garbage yard as a pilot project at a cost of Rs 30 lakh.HDMC has already drafted a blue print of the project and sent it to the government for approval. HDMC is likely to get its nod in one or two weeks. There are plans to generate biogas by using 2 tonne of garbage, including waste vegetables accumulated by hotels. If it succeeds in recycling garbage with the help of the biogas unit, HDMC may also set up many such plants in the city.The city will generate about 250 tonne garbage in a day and the dumping yard on Karwar road is now full to brim and may also become a bone of contention for many others living around the yard in the days to come.HDMC is appeared to have learnt a lesson from its counterpart Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike, which faced the wrath from the high court and the public for its failure in managing waste scientifically. The bio-gas plant is its first step towards its commitment to find solution to garbage problems, said sources.The urban development department has sanctioned Rs 30 lakh for the project while the project has been sent for the administrative approval from the government.HDMC commissioner Y S Patil said they are waiting for the administrative approval from the government. It may come in a week.\"We will call tenders soon and start work on the plant. Initially, we will sell biogas which is being generated at the new plant to Hescom or any other petroleum companies to enable them to generate power. It will also help HDMC to improve its financial status and utilize money we may get by selling biogas for the city's growth,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17149984", "title": "Uniform for workers at parking lot to check illegal fee collection", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) has decided to provide uniform and identification cards to workers at the city's various parking lots after complaints of unauthorized fee collection.\"There were many complaints on unauthorized persons collecting parking fees. To solve this problem, we have decided to provide uniforms, caps and ID cards to workers in the parking lots authorized by GMC to collect parking fees,\" said Mukul Chandra Gogoi, additional commissioner, GMC.He added that the process would begin before Diwali. \"We urge people not to pay parking fees to any person without identity card and uniform,\" Gogoi said.There are 92 parking lots in the city, which are authorized by GMC. Of these, around 50 spaces are yet to be allotted to lassies. There are allegations that many illegal syndicates in Guwahati are collecting parking fees. \"We appeal to the denizens not to pay fee at parking lots which are yet to be allotted to lassies,\" said Gogoi. Parking lots in Guwahati came up after the blasts in October 30, 2008. But locals have rued that despite heavy collection of fees at these parking lots, lassies have failed to instal video cameras. \"Though there is always a risk of terror attack, I don't think any of the parking lots have enough cameras to keep record of the vehicles parked,\" said Ramesh Nath of Ganeshguri.When asked, Gogoi said, \"We are working out a plan to provide video cameras to the lassies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149965", "title": "Spanish rape victim points out Ansari at identification parade", "text": "MUMBAI: The 27-year-old Bandra rape victim identified the accused during an identification parade at Arthur Road jail on Thursday. The police had arrested Anwar Mohammed Ansari (28) for allegedly raping the Spanish woman at her rented flat at Perry Cross Road, Bandra (West) and robbing it on Monday.On police request, the Bandra magistrate court had remanded Ansari to jail custody on Wednesday for the identification parade. The police wanted to tie up the procedure quickly as the victim, a musician, wants to leave for Germany in a few days. Officials at the collector's officer conduct the parade.The victim identified Ansari among a group of identical-looking men in the presence of a government official.A source said, \"She immediately identified Ansari with 100% conviction. The parade's success is strong evidence in the case.\"The Bandra police will now ask the court for Ansari's police custody on Friday to interrogate him about the rape as well as the thefts he allegedly committed. The police arrested him on Tuesday and collected his DNA sample. They will match it with the DNA on the material collected from the victim's flat, including two bedsheets, a towel and smoked cigarette butts.The police said that around 2am on Monday, the accused tried to rob a bungalow on Perry Cross Road at Bandra, but a vigilant househelp chased him away. He then entered the fourth-floor flat of one Neela D'Souza (79) in the adjoining building and stole Rs 5,000, said the police. Subsequently, he targeted the third-floor flat of the Spanish woman, who was alone because her flatmate is travelling. He threatened her at knifepoint and raped her twice.In her statement to the police, the victim provided the accused's description, including his blue jeans, the purple colour of his shirt and that it was torn under a sleeve.Based on the accused's modus operandi - climbing a drainage pipe and breaking into a flat from an open window - the police rounded up around a dozen suspects with previous crime records. Ansari was one of them as the police had arrested him just last week for stealing valuables worth Rs 12 lakh from actor Dino Morea's home.The police searched his residence from where they recovered a torn purple shirt and blue jeans. They also learnt that he owns a truck and a bike and are making inquiries.Meanwhile, the police are examining the Morea case to find out how Ansari managed to secure bail in four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17150671", "title": "One language in school nonsensical, says Karnad", "text": "BANGALORE: Playwright Girish Karnad feels teaching one language at school is \"nonsensical\" and \"tragic\".During a talk on 'Culture and Entertainment' organized by the Azim Premji Foundation at its campus here on Thursday, Karnad favoured \"bilingual education\". He said: \"What has happened to Indian education is tragic. Teaching two or three languages in schools was a gift, which we have lost now.''Karnad said the policy of one-language medium of instruction in school came from Europe. \"The notion of one-language medium of instruction is nonsensical. The language problem is unfortunate. It's possible to teach and learn two or three languages. I've learnt them. Whatever be the medium of instruction, English or Kannada, other languages can be taught,'' he addedReferring to English and Indian languages, he said: \"We're in a linguistically strange situation. The learning and earning language is English, while the laughing and crying language is the mother tongue.''He said teaching of English was an important change the British brought to India. \"English has become our language. We don't just speak it, but define our life in it.\" he said.The writer said the opening up of the skies in 1991 (allowing cable television and satellite TV) has had an impact on the performing media. \"Indian languages are flourishing in the performing media,'' he said.He said music, more glorious than ever, saved Bollywood from being swallowed by Hollywood. \"About 50 years ago, Italian, Japanese and French cinema were the benchmark. Look at them today. Hollywood has eaten them up. We may not know to make a 'Titanic', but they don't know to make 'Hum Aapke Hain Kaun','' he said.Karnad feels colonial confrontation has had three kinds of impact on the arts - it killed some; some grew stronger; and new ones emerged. He said dance and music flourished, as it broke caste barriers. \"Painting and architecture was destroyed by colonialisation. They never had any sympathy for Indian architecture,'' he said. He said the destruction of the Babri Masjid brought back traditional Indian architecture. \"After the Masjid was demolished, there was a new-found interest in Hindu temples. Many people donated generously for the construction and revival of temples. However, the aesthetics were backward-looking,'' he said.Slamming the rightRight-wingers make claims about the history of dance, music, literature and theatre -- everything in India starts 2,000 years ago. In fact, art and culture go back 5,000 years. Bharatanatyam is not 2,000 years old. It was first adopted by the Madras Music Academy in 1933. The word was coined that year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17149153", "title": "Protect Amur falcons, BNHS tells MoEF", "text": "PUNE: Members of 'Conservation India' have documents of Amur falcons being trapped and slaughtered in Nagaland during their migration from Siberia to South Africa. The Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) has written to Union minister for environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan to act against the wanton killing.A small group of conservationists including Ramki Srinivasan from Conservation India documented the killing of Amur Falcons this October.The birds are killed for consumption and for sale. The Amur falcons spend the day on transmission wires and descend to forested patches along the banks of water body to roost. Hunters set up huge fishing nets all over the roosting sites, where they are caught.The bird is protected under the Indian Wildlife Protection Act, 1972. The society's director Asad Rahmani has suggested that the central and state government of Nagaland take immediate steps to protect this rare species and create awareness.Rahmani told TOI that earlier these birds were killed on a smaller scale. \"Now, thousands are caught in large nets in Nagaland during their migration. Traditional hunting has given way to modern ways of catching birds in large numbers,'' he said.\"The migration is almost over for this year, we have to be alert for the next year. The nets have to be dismantled, concerned officers should be deployed to see that birds are not harmed and they safely reach South Africa. BNHS is campaigning with Conservation India to stop the mass killing of Amur Falcons,'' he said.Conservation India has recommended sealing of the roosting place. Authorities can ban the trade of Amur falcon meat in big towns and create awareness about the legal consequences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17148652", "title": "Social activists hold dharna at Margao", "text": "MARGAO: A large number of social activists held a peaceful protest dharna on Thursday opposite the South Goa collectorate building in Margao to protest against the alleged 'inefficiency and nexus between the police and criminals'. The main demands of the activists revolved for streamlining the recruitment process of the police force, reviewing daily operations and activities of the police force.\"Some police officers are involved in various criminal activities like registering fake FIRs, manipulating and fabricating crimes, unleashing police aggression on innocent citizens in the mining belt and acting tough on people at the behest of politicians,\" said Socorro D'souza, president United Goans Welfare Front (UGWF). UGWF general secretary Laurel Abranches said that they would take up the matter with the chief minister and home minister.Ramdas Hazare highlights Fatorda's power woes: Social activist Ramdas Hazare gave the power department an ultimatum to look into allegations made by the residents of Fatorda over the alleged faulty implementation of underground cabling and unusually high electricity bills and to rectify the errors immediately.Hazare, who is belongs to the Fatorda Yuva Shakti group pointed out that the residents of Fatorda and Margao had submitted a memorandum to power minister Milind Naik. Hazare stated they had met the power department officials recently and found out that the underground feeders at Comba and Fatorda were producing low voltage, which in turn was causing the power fluctuations.Hazare has threatened to gherao the office of the power department along with the residents of Fatorda in two weeks time if no corrective measures are taken.POWER SHUTDOWNBatim feeder (Nov 9): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Goa Velha, Batim, Curca, Santana, Moula-Batim, parts of Pilar and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17150254", "title": "Citizens group seeks uniform, ID cards for auto and tempo drivers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad Welfare Society has demanded district police to make uniform and identity cards mandatory for auto and tempo drivers during Mahakumbh in view of security.Society president Kanan Dasgupta said when crores of people, including foreign nationals, are expected to visit the city for Mahakumbh, all security measures should be taken.He said apart from identity cards and uniform, the routes of tempos/autos should also be fixed.Society secretary Sanjay Saxena said police should make elaborate security arrangements during Mahakumbh.\"If police be able to fix the uniform and provide identity cards to auto drivers, this would surely giving a helping hand to authorities concerned to check incidents of petty crime, said a member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149792", "title": "IAC promises to uncover another scandal today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Continuing their agenda of demolishing \"holy cows\" in politics and corporate world, India Against Corruption (IAC) has announced it would \"expose\" corruption in another case on Friday.The expose-press conference \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that has now become an almost weekly affair \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has already served judgment on two political figures, Robert Vadra and Nitin Gadkari, and a corporate czar, Mukesh Ambani .IAC headed by activists Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan has created a profile for the till now unnamed political party on the perception that leading ruling parties Congress and BJP are corrupt and hand-in-glove with big business.While speculation was rife on Thursday night on the probable targets, IAC members were tight-lipped learning from the Gadkari fiasco that gave the main Opposition a few days' time to prepare their case against the allegations of corruption raised against them.With expose about top guns in politics and industry, there is an apprehension in political circles on who would be next in the firing line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17151445", "title": "IFFK-2012 delegate registration begins", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The delegate registration for the 17th International Film Festival of Kerala to be held from December 7 to 14, has begun The registration procedure is held completely online. The passes will be distributed through State Bank of Travancore branches. The passes will be distributed on a first-come-first-serve basis. Registration can be done on www.iffk.com. The fee is Rs 400 for regular pass and Rs 200 for students' pass. For details, call: on 0471-2310323.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149234", "title": "CPM worried over rise in vote share of 'communal forces' in Bengal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM is worried about the rise of communal forces in West Bengal as reflected in the recent by-election result of the Jangipur Lok Sabha seat.At the just-concluded Bengal state committee meeting, the CPM leadership discussed at length the \"new phenomenon\" in state politics and ways to combat it.CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said, \"Trinamool's brand of politics is encouraging identity politics in Bengal and helping Hindu and Muslim communal forces.\"The party plans to reorient and strengthen its organization. \"We will rev up our ideological campaign to promote secular ideas. We will also integrate issues of minorities, tribals and all marginalized sections as part of a democratic movement,\" said Nirupam Sen, CPM politbureau member.The people are getting disillusioned with the state government. \"With this comes frustration, especially among the youth who can be susceptible to communal propaganda,\" said a CPM leader. The CPM plans to focus on the youth and wean them away from communal influence.The CPM's fear has its root in the increased vote-share of the BJP and Islamic parties like the Welfare Party of India (WPI) and Social Democratic Party of India (SDPI). WPI is the political wing of the Jamaat-e-Islami Hind, while SDPI includes former members of the Popular Front of India, which is an alliance of Muslim organizations.In Jangipur, Congress lost about 16% votes that largely went to these communal parties, including BJP.Together, BJP, WPI and SDPI garnered about 17% votes in Jangipur by-poll, where President Pranab Mukherjee's son Abhijit won on a Congress ticket by a slender margin of 2,536 votes against CPM's Muzaffar Hussain.About 10% votes went to the BJP, WPI got 4% and SDPI about 3% of the votes. BJP's vote share in Bengal almost always hovered around 6%.The CPM blamed Mamata Banerjee-led Trinamool Congress for fertilizing the ground for communal forces.The party cited Trinamool government's narrow appeal to religion \u00e2\u20ac\u201d allowance for imams and indiscriminate use of religious icons and practices \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as stoking communal sentiments.\"It leads fundamentalist Muslim outfits to believe they can increase their bargaining power with this government if they consolidate. The backlash helps proliferation of Hindu fundamentalists,\" said a Bengal CPM leader.Also, local issues like the Aligarh Muslim University campus in Murshidabad also led to polarization on communal lines in Jangipur.But, the CPM is optimistic. \"In Jangipur, despite about 70% Muslim population, the Islamic parties could garner only about 7% votes,\" said a CPM leader.The party hopes if it can reach out to the people and conduct inner-party reforms, it can win back those who deserted it. \"That would also reduce the space for communal forces,\" added a leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17149876", "title": "Present highway status report: HC tells NHAI officers", "text": "JABALPUR: Taking cognizance of the pathetic condition of the highways in the state, MP high court (MPHC) has summoned senior officers of the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI). Single bench of Justice R S Jha on Wednesday ordered personal appearance of the project directors responsible for construction and upkeep of NH7 and NH68.They have also been directed to present before the court the status report of these highways along with the relevant details of the repairs and maintenance work.The issue came up during the hearing of a petition filed by the NHAI pertaining to land acquisition dispute in Lakhanadon. According to the plaint, the agency has been forced to stall the construction of highway after respondents Sudhir Kumar Shrivastava and Devendra Kumar Shrivastava refused to give up their claims on their ancestral land.The stretch, earlier agricultural land, was later notified as commercial land after its land use was changed, but the owners declined to honour their commitment in order to earn better profit, the petition charged. Even the district collector has not been able to help out in the matter, it added.Demanding to be apprised of the current state of the NH7 and NH68, the court has fixed November 9 for next hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17149044", "title": "Jamia to build new hostel for women", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jamia Millia Islamia will start constructing a 400-seater girls' hostel on the campus soon. The hostel, to be built out of a Rs 26 crore grant by the University Grants Commission (UGC), will be ready to house students from the 2014 academic session.UGC has sanctioned the funds under the general development scheme of the 12th Five-Year Plan. This is one of the biggest grants that the central university has received from UGC for expanding living facilities for students, especially girls.\"The site will be adjacent to the Academy for International Study. We have set a deadline of 15 months to complete the hostel ,\" said vice chancellor Najeeb Jung. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149936", "title": "BMC exempts most engineers from pothole fines", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC 'crackdown' on errant junior civic engineers over delays in fixing potholes seems to have lost steam, with the civic body exempting most of them from paying the penalty amount for undue delays.In September, the BMC had imposed a collective fine of Rs 1.3 crore on 38 sub-engineers from the roads department for not meeting the 48-hour deadline to fill up potholes. After protests from the engineers' association, the BMC watered down the fine amount to Rs 8.34 lakh, citing faulty calculations.However, civic sources told TOI that on November 4, the BMC gave a patient hearing to most sub-engineers and decided to waive their fine amount.\"They issued a memo to us and on November 4 exempted us from having to pay the fines. They verbally told us that we don't have to pay the fine amount and listened to our explanations. The pothole-tracking software is new and we were not familiar with its use. The system was first introduced to us.We also didn't have the IDs of most contractors. We told officials that we were not responsible for penalties and only the contractors should be held responsible. We also told them about the technical problems due to which the potholes couldn't be attended to within the time limit. All sub-engineers from the island city and western suburbs who had received a memo have been exempted from the fine amount,\" said a civic official.GM Agarwal, chief engineer (roads) said, \"Those engineers who were overburdened with work have been exempted from paying the fine. I cannot comment on whether all 38 engineers have been let off, as I do not have the file with me at present. The process is still on. We are listening to their explanations and have to arrive at an inference in some cases.\"According to the sub-engineers, the fault was with the pothole-tracking software, on the basis of which fine amounts were calculated. Every engineer was fined Rs 3 lakh, and after a revision the fines dropped to Rs 23,000 per person. Contractors have been fined Rs 1.86 crore for the delays.The BMC had laid down a 48-hour deadline for contractors and sub-engineers to get potholes filled and had set a Rs-1,000 fine per day for delays. The maximum fine after revision was Rs 1.68 lakh for G-south ward (Worli, Prabhadevi) and the lowest was Rs 1,000 for A ward (CST-Colaba) .\"They were imposing fines on us by including the contractor's fine amount in the calculations. We pointed out that it was unfair. They have not given us in writing but they have verbally assured us that we are exempted. My name doesn't figure anymore in the list of errant engineers,\"said a sub engineer who had received a memo.Sainath Rajyadaksha, general secretary, engineers' association said, \"The process is going on. The report of the software system was incorrect. All clarifications are taken. They are still taking explanations from some sub engineers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150554", "title": "Huge haul of psychotropic substances seized from medical store", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A team of Haryana food and drug administration on Thursday seized a huge quantity of narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances and intoxicants at a medical store in Narnaul district.The raid was conducted after a tip off that narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances including Spasmo Proxyvon, Spasmo Perimon and Lupigesic injections were being sold at the medical store in Mohalla Jamalpur, a police spokesman said.As many as 5,000 injections of Buprenorphin, which was being sold with brand name of Lupdesgesic, were seized. 740 unlabelled injections, which are feared to be the same, and 31 boxes of Spasmo Proxyvon were also recovered during the raid.Buprenorphin is covered under the NDPS Act. During the raid, boxes of intoxicants were also seized from the roof of the store, the spokesman said.Irregularities were allegedly found in the record of the shop, which has now been sealed.While a case has been registered under the NDPS Act, another one will be lodged against the storekeeper as part of Drug and Cosmetic Act, 1940.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17148940", "title": "Work on new Zuari bridge may start by Sept 2013: Dhavalikar", "text": "PANAJI: Transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar is positive the government can start construction of the new Zuari bridge immediately after the 2013 monsoon.Sounding confident of the central government's approval to the state's proposal to take up the widening of the two national highways in Goa and other major bridges, Dhavalikar told TOI that if all procedures are completed by February 2013, tendering for the new Zuari bridge may end in April.\"By the time the tendering process is completed and the work order issued, it may take another two months. By then, the rains will start and it will not be possible to start work,\" Dhavalikar said, adding that work can start soon after the next monsoon.Dhavalikar said he intends to take up the Zuari bridge, the Khandepar bridge and the Talpona-Galgibaga bridges in that order. He said the government has written to the centre that it is floating tenders for preparing a detailed project report for the 4/6 laning of the NH 4-A and NH 17. He said the government has proposed that the work may be done on a cost sharing basis where Goa will spend 60% of the money and the centre will bear 40% of the cost.It is learnt that while this has been agreed to in principle by the centre, the hitch is that the central ministry of roads, transport and highways is firm on not bowing down to Goa's two requests-reducing the highway width from the stipulated 60 metres and exemption from toll for locals. Dhavalikar said Goa was not taking up these issues at the moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17150217", "title": "Police inspectors transferred", "text": "Sixty-five police inspectors were transferred by Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma on Thursday. Crime investigation has been given high priority as 14 inspectors have been posted in the existing vacancies at the Central Crime Station (CCS).Several law and order police stations have also been given detective and additional inspectors.The Special Investigation Team (SIT) police station, which is handling all communal violence-related cases, has been given three new inspectors. tnnThe list of transferred inspectors include SIT inspector P Murali Krishna has been transferred to Banjara Hills police station. East Zone Task Force inspector RG Shiva Maruti has been posted as Market inspector and his colleagues CH Y Srinivasa Rao, L Raja Venkata Reddy have been posted as inspectors of Kacheguda and Chaderghat police stations. They were replaced by Trimulgherry traffic inspector K Srikanth, Shah Ali Banda inspector A Bhaskar and Rein Bazar inspector AP Anand Kumar, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17150795", "title": "BBMP eyes quarries to dump debris", "text": "BANGALORE: The BBMP, which has failed in managing the city's garbage crisis, has now knocked at the doors of the department of mines and geology.At a meeting with deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa and the minister for large and medium scale industries Murgesh Nirani here on Thursday, BBMP sought the government's nod for using abandoned quarries to dump garbage.\"With the banning of quarrying in the surroundings of Bangalore, there are hundreds of acres of quarry fields which are unused. They can be used for garbage dumping as we lack space for dumping construction waste and debris. The quarries can be closed and we can make them parks and playground,\" said mayor D Venkatesh MurthyWith the high court directing BBMP to find five landfill sites, BBMP is on the hunt but there's been no progress so far. The new garbage tenders that have been allotted to private agencies are likely to start functioning by last week of November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17150835", "title": "Notice to CBI on PSC exam malpractice pleain PSC exam: Notice to CBI", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Thursday asked the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to respond to a petition seeking an investigation by the agency into the 'widespread malpractices' in recruitment conducted by the Kerala State Public Service Commission (PSC) to the post of sub-inspector of police.Considering a petition filed by Vinod Kumar of Payyannur and two others challenging recruitment to sub-inspector of police (trainee) posts in the executive branch in 2010, justice S S Satheesachandran ordered for sending notices to CBI and the director general of police.The petition was filed after the vigilance wing of PSC found malpractices during the written test conducted at various centres in Kerala for the recruitment for sub-inspector posts. Advocate Sivan Madathil, who appeared for the petitioners, contended that investigation on cases registered by police is being scuttled as top officers of PSC and senior police officials are involved. In such a circumstance, an investigation by CBI is necessary.PSC is not cooperating with the investigation conducted by the superintendent of police of Kollam and results of forensic examination of material seized from culprits, who conducted malpractices during the written examination, are not being revealed due to the influence exerted by senior officials, the petitioners alleged.The state government, PSC, or members of PSC are not taking any interest in conducting a proper investigation as politicians and top officials of PSC are involved, the petition said.An affidavit by the investigating officer in the case has also been produced with the petition, stating that a well-accepted and approved recruitment system of the country is disturbed, and the credibility, sustainability, and entity of a constitutionally-established institution, the PSC, is challenged by the illegal and ill-motivated act of the culprits. Another affidavit by police has also been produced, stating that 18 criminal cases have been registered following malpractices in examinations conducted by PSC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17151132", "title": "Business fakes own kidnap, held", "text": "THANE: A 34-year-old Kalyan businessman, Piyush Patel, was arrested on Thursday for allegedly faking his own abduction and demanding Rs 1 crore from his elder brother as ransom.Vijay Patel, brother-in-law of the accused, was also arrested for being involved in the conspiracy.Sources said Piyush, who owns a gas agency in Kalyan, reportedly incurred a huge debt following losses in his business and was struggling to honour his financial commitments. His elder brother Pritesh (38), a builder in Kalyan-Dombivli, had bailed him out in the past by lending him huge sums of money.\"Apparently driven by greed and the lure of easy money, Piyush and Vijay came up with a fake abduction plot. On Wednesday, Piyush called up his wife and told her that he would be returning home (in Kalyan) late. Around 10pm, Pritesh\u00e2\u20ac\u201dalso a Kalyan resident\u00e2\u20ac\u201dgot a call from Piyush's mobile. The caller (Piyush) identified himself as Salim and told Pritesh that his brother had been kidnapped and would be killed if Rs 1 crore was not paid as ransom. Pritesh immediately informed the police about this,\" said additional commissioner Milind Bharambe.The cops swung into action and sought details about Piyush's friends and foes. They also started making enquiries with relatives and business partners if they received any calls or SMSs from Piyush that day. \"Piyush's wife, Harsha, called up her brother Vijay, who lives in Dahisar, to inform him about the police probe. Vijay panicked and told Piyush that the police were on their trail and that their game would be up sooner or later,\" the official said.The two spent the night in a roadside hotel near Mira Road and hoped that the cash would be delivered without any hassles. At the same time, the possibility of the cops catching up with them got the duo worried. They then decided to call off the hoax.\"Vijay arranged for a two-wheeler and took Piyush along with him. After being dropped near the Virar police station, Piyush went inside and told the cops about his kidnapping and how he escaped from his captors. He lied that he fled into the Virar jungles after his kidnappers stopped to answer nature's call. Meanwhile, the Virar police informed their Kalyan counterparts about the matter. The latter then drove down to Virar and took Piyush along with them,\" the senior official said.While questioning Piyush, the Kalyan cops suspected that he was spinning a web a lies. Following intense interrogation, Piyush broke down and revealed how he, along with Vijay, plotted his own kidnapping to extract money from Pritesh. The police later arrested both Piyush and Vijay; they were also probing if other members of the family were involved in the conspiracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17148830", "title": "Man booked for abducting wife", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police on Thursday registered an offence against Dhaval Shaikh, a resident of Moti Dongor, Margao, under charges of abducting his wife and confining her to an undisclosed location.Police sources told TOI that the daughter of the accused, Firoza, in her complaint to the police, said that Shaikh, along with his wife, had left Goa to visit their native place at Gadag, Karnataka, on Saturday. However, on Monday, Shaikh returned home alone and failed to provide any information about the whereabouts of his wife.Inquiries by Shaikh's children with their relatives in Gadag also proved futile, police said.Acting on Firoza's complaint, Margao police booked an offence against Shaikh under Section 365 of the Indian Penal Code (kidnapping or abducting with intent secretly and wrongfully to confine person) and further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "namakkal", "code": "17151653", "title": "11 arrested for smuggling PDS rice", "text": "NAMAKKAL: Food cell police have arrested 11 more people in connection with smuggling of PDS rice here on Wednesday. The arrested include four employees of Tamil Nadu Civil Service Corporation (TNCSC). Police had seized 20 tonnes of rice and arrested three persons on November 2 in the same case. The arrest was based on a tip off that 20 tonnes of PDS rice was being smuggled to Bangalore from Dindigul through a toll plaza on national highway-7. Police immediately conducted an inspection there.\"About 405 bags with more than 20 tonnes of smuggled PDS rice were seized from the truck. Truck driver Arumugam confessed that they were smuggling the rice and named two people, Palanisamy and T Mani. The trio was arrested and remanded on the same day. During the enquiry we came to know that more persons were involved in the smuggling and thus further investigations were conducted,\" food cell police said.Based on the trio's statement we have arrested 11 persons including Natarajan, superintendent of TNCSC godown in Dindigul, assistant quality inspector, Dhandapani and two clerks Brahmaraj and Ramesh on Wednesday, the police said.The police have arrested Nagaraj, Eswaran, Chandran, Mohanakrishnan and Vijayakumar who received money for loading rice in the truck. Truck driver and cleaner Sundar and Vadivel, who carried the smuggled rice from the godown, were also arrested.The arrested were were lodged in the central prison in Salem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17150454", "title": "IPS Narendra Kumar murder case: Two witnesses depose before CBI court", "text": "INDORE: Two prosecution witnesses deposed before the CBI special court judge Anupam Srivastava in IPS Narendra Kumar murder case being investigated by the CBI on Thursday.\"The first witness was Saligram, who had sold the tractor to the accused Manoj Gujjar for Rs 1.50 lakh,\" said the defence lawyer Mahendra Morya, adding that the witness had claimed that the tractor was sold to the accused before the tragic incident. The defence lawyer said the second witness was Munna Khan.\"Munna Khan, who is a small time battery repairer, had asked Manoj to unload stones at his place,\" said defence counsel adding that on cross examining him, the second witness said that he did not see him unloading the stones.On Friday, former TI Bamor CBS Raghuvanshi would appear before the court along with two other witnesses. TI Raghuvanshi was the investigating officer in the case.Till now, eleven witnesses have appeared before court in IPS Narendra Kumar case out of which one eye witness turned hostile and remaining witnesses gave varying statements. Statements given by witnesses till now are not in consistency with their statements given before CBI.Slain IPS officer Narendra Kumar was allegedly murdered on March 8, 2012 in Morena district of Madhya Pradesh when he was trying to stop a tractor trolley filled with illegally mined stones. Later CBI in its chargesheet has termed the incidence as case of culpable homicide and held tractor trolley driver Manoj Gujjar as sole accused. Father of slain IPS officer had alleged hand of mining mafia in murder of his son, but the theory was rejected by the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17148519", "title": "Leaked dossier another Aussie mind-game at distracting opponents", "text": "MUMBAI: The Australians are at it again. Before any big series, they have this uncanny ability to cook up some controversy or the other to distract their opponents.Under Steve Waugh , it was their concept of mental disintegration, a refined word to glorify sledging. Glenn McGrath always talked about the scoreline being 5-0 whenever the Aussies were about to face England. He also talked about targeting the team's best batsman.Now, before the series against South Africa, a team that is ranked No. 1 and is clearly better in quality than the Australians, the hosts have resorted to the age-old tactic of getting under the skin of their rivals by hook or crook.After coach Mickey Arthur, who was in the South African camp not too long ago, said that Dale Steyn will struggle against the Australians as he is not too comfortable bowling against left-handed batsmen, comes the news of a leaked dossier to newspapers containing Australian tactics against South African batsmen and their ploy to sledge the living daylights of their No. 3 rock, Hashim Amla.The document was supposed to contain detailed plans and analysis on each South African player. The Australian newspapers, who always willingly join the chorus in their attempt to destabilize any visiting team and are always happy to play the team's 12th, 13th and 14th man, joyously published the details on Thursday.However, they were so basic, mundane and predictable, that it hardly would matter to the battle-hardened Proteas, who seem determined again to turn the tables on the hosts, just like they did in 2008-09 when they won 2-1.South African skipper Graeme Smith , a tough cookie and a renowned tactician himself, rightly dismissed those tactics and stated in no certain terms that the dossier in no way will upset the team or their preparations, in the pre-match presser, on Thursday.\"There was nothing really new in that,\" Smith said. \"I haven't read it myself, I heard a few lines and it is nothing that we didn't expect. All of us have played enough against Australia and we know what it's going to take to be victorious here. Our preparation has been really good and intelligent. Certainly the stuff that happens in the papers and maybe things Mickey Arthur has said have only added motivation for us.\"Smith's counterpart, Michael Clarke too refused that there was indeed any such booklet. \"We as a team don't have an official dossier as such. We look at footage, we talk about opposition players, we study opposition strengths and weaknesses as a bowling group and a batting group, that's generally what we do as a team,\" he said.\"There was some stuff in there that is quite common knowledge about the South African team and there was some other stuff in there that we certainly haven't spoken about.\"Late in the day though, Clarke's comments can only be viewed as a damage-control exercise. Indeed, the embarrassment of the leak presumably left even the CEO of Cricket Australia, James Sutherland red-faced and led him to comment, \"There are things in there that I thought, well, everyone knows that, and some other stuff where I would do the complete opposite,\" he said.Coach Arthur, who started all the talk by commenting on Steyn's weakness deemed it wise to post an unconvincing, \"All this is media hype\", on twitter.So many clarifications and denials. Are they a sign that the Aussies, who always talk the talk, are wary of walking the talk against their fancied and better quality opponents?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17150646", "title": "Dhaba head cook basks in new-found glory", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Manoj Rawat, 38, the head cook of Deluxe Dhaba, Sector 28, has become a star in his circle. Since he served finger-licking Punjabi delicacies to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper , his phone has not stopped ringing.An excited Rawat, a native of Uttarakhand, said, \"Since Wednesday evening, I have been receiving congratulatory calls from my friends and relatives. Even my village people know about my \"feat\".\" He was assigned the job of serving Harper as 12 of his colleagues attended to the accompanying delegation.Rawat, who joined the dhaba about one-and-a-half years ago, added, \"After savouring the scrumptious spread, the Canadian premier said, \"Everything is tasty and wonderful\".\" \"Though I did not understand much of what he said, I was quick to register the order. He asked for lemon chicken and butter chicken twice,\" he said.Bharat Sehgal, team manager of the dhaba, said, \"Rawat was assigned the job in view of his experience.\" Harper foot the bill of $100 (about Rs 5,000) through the Canadian embassy.Dinner CDThe dhaba owner said, \"Canadian embassy will send me a CD of the dinner.\"Clientele DoublesA day after the visit of Canadian PM to Deluxe Dhaba, the eating joint received double the number of clients it gets on a regular day. \"On Thursday, we received many customers. Some were first-timers who had not heard about the dhaba. They were keen to taste our delicacies, especially non-vegetarian food items, and tilla kulfi,\" Manish Goyal, owner of Deluxe Dhaba, saidPal Dhaba's by-law violationsCanadian delegation was advised against going to Pal Dhaba due to its building by-law violations. A UT administration officer said, \"Pal Dhaba had been issued some notices for its violation of building by-laws. A visit of a foreign PM at such a place might have triggered a controversy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17149917", "title": "Sushma Swaraj flays Bollywood for attacks on Hindu beliefs", "text": "minded people from various parties to support her.\"I came to know about the attack on Hindu beliefs in two recent movies -- 'Oh My God' and 'Student of the Year'. In the latter, there are references to Radha not knowing how to dance and being invited to the dance floor to learn dancing. Why is it that the attack in films is only on Hindu beliefs and on names like Sita, Radha and Kaushalya,\" she was quoted as saying by agencies.Swaraj was speaking at a cow protection programme organized by the RSS here on Wednesday. Swaraj said some names are revered by Hindus and these are shown in a bad light in Bollywood movies.\"There are thousands of names, so why pick on these names? We will raise this issue in the forthcoming Parliament session and demand that this be stopped,\" Swaraj said. She maintained other religions were not touched by filmmakers for fear of reprisals but this was not the case with Hinduism.\"Some politicians tell me that they are not able to raise such issues due to their political affiliation or as their party does not permit. Others say you raise it and we will support,\" she said.Another issue the BJP leader plans to raise is the complaint against the BSF of not sharing details of cow smuggling on the India-Bangladesh border. She said she and Shiv Sena MP Chandrakant Khaire -- who was present on the dais -- will demand an answer from the government in Parliament on the issue.Swaraj emphasized on the need for cow protection and putting a stop to cow slaughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17150720", "title": "Abstract. Nostalgic. Take your pick from classic bouquet", "text": "KOLKATA: When 180 films come to a town, they bring the story of many more lives. Abstract. Avant Garde. Romantic. Shocking. Mysterious. Nostalgic. Layered. Stylised. Looking back. Looking ahead. About the aged. About the young. The bouquet of images that'll unfold from Saturday are 'moving' in more than one sense. Here's a pick beginning with A Separation.Interest in the Iranian film by writer-director Asghar Farhadi peaked when it bagged the 2012 Oscar for Foreign Language Film. Before that it'd bagged the Golden Bear for Best Film and Silver Bears for its Actors - besides the Golden Globe. It's tough for any film to live up to expectations raised by these awards. But the richly nuanced Separation surpasses expectations.It starts with Nader and Simin fighting for a divorce. Simin wants to leave for US to give her daughter a better life but Nader will not abandon his Alzheimer-afflicted father. Simin moves to her mother's but Termeh stays back with her father who hires Razieh to look after his father. That's only the beginning of the complexities that make the film a delectable smorgasboard of tradition, modernity, patriarchy, piety, religion, morality, ethics, humanity...For, Razieh - a devout, pregnant, penniless woman - has taken up the job without her husband's knowledge and that's a 'wrong' in Iranian society. Her chores require her to clean the bare-bodied old man - that requires the cleric's nod. She has a miscarriage when, following an argument, Nader shoves her out of the apartment. That's 'murder' - Razieh's husband charges. No character is spared as Farhadi puts on trial their conscious and unconscious actions.Amour ( Austria ) was decorated with the Golden Palm at Cannes 2012 and is heading for the Oscars as the contender for Best Foreign Film. With an iron hand writer-director Michael Haneke unfolds the love of Jean-Louis Trintignant and Emmanuelle Riva - two retired music teachers living contented lives in a Paris apartment with a grand piano. Suddenly Anne suffers a stroke that turns playing piano into history. When she's back from a failed surgery, we know she'll only hurtle to her grave. So what should her husband do? The husband who gets her off the wheel chair, on the commode, or tells bedtime stories? Who promised to hold her hand until death?The uncompromising drama of extraordinary intimacy poses a question to those who think 'love' and 'youth' are synonymous: What if Romeo and Juliet had lived to be 80?The Hunt (Denmark), with Mads Mikkelsen as Lucas, floored with the tale of a blameless kindergarten teacher whose life threatens to be destroyed by an innocent lie. Thomas Vinterberg , a founding 'brother' of Dogme95 that reintroduced the element of risk in filmmaking, creates an unsettling psychological drama around a man accused of abusing his best friend's child. Lucas is coming around a messy divorce, his son is coming to stay with him, when tongues start wagging, looks start piercing him, voices start rising against him, friends start hurting him. But why? Lucas doesn't know. He can't even imagine that little Klara has said \"something silly\" to the head teacher who reads a sinister meaning into it, twists it as she 'informs' the school committee and turns it around in her FIR ...The screenplay modulates the crescendo of paranoia so skillfully that one dreads the thought of being in Lucas's shoes. What if the fertile imagination of a child 'creates a truth' over a non-existent abuse? What if one's family and friend believe that? What if the community, state, and legal system align with the child?Agnieszka Holland's In Darkness ( Poland ) is, like Wajda's Kanal and Spielberg's Schindler's List, a true story. Socha, a sewer worker and petty thief in Nazi occupied Lvov, discovers a group of Jews trying to escape the liquidation in a ghetto. He enters into a business arrangement: He'll hide them in the sewer, get them bread and water, find their dear ones too, but for money or gold. The cynical arrangement takes an unexpected turn. As the Nazi brutality rages above ground, Socha's conscience makes him risk his life to keep the Jews for 14 months, in a stinking claustrophobic hell but safe from hunger, cold, rats and vindictive agents of a beastly regime. That's why, years later, Socha was decorated by Israel .Well, this little list leaves out the masters of the game - Nani Moretti, Mohsin Makhmalbaf, Bernardo Bertolucci , Istvan Zsabo, Abbas Kiarostami , Takeshi Kitano... Reason? Their name alone should drive you to the theatre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17151484", "title": "Kerosene tanker skids on roadside, none injured", "text": "CHENNAI: A tanker laden with kerosene skidded and fell on its side on 30 Feet Road in Chitlapakkam near Tambaram on Thursday morning.No one was injured. The incident was a windfall for many local residents, who carried away most of the kerosene. Police said the tanker was going from Tambaram to Santoshapuram to offload a consignment when it skidded and capsized at Madambakkam. The driver and cleaner fled immediately after the incident assuming that the tanker would go up in flames.As the news spread, scores of residents in the area rushed to the spot and began pilfering kerosene from the tanker. Traffic was not affected as the tanker landed on its side on a grassy patch on the road side.Police and fire tenders were informed of the accident. Police arrived and sent away the people.The incident came as a windfall for many local residents, who carried away most of the kerosene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17151420", "title": "National film award soon in Sathyan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s name", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Thursday marked the 101st birth anniversary of Sathyan, one of the greatest stars of Malayalam cinema. Aimed at keeping alive the glorious memory of Sathyan, the Kerala Cultural Forum has decided to make its annual award named after the star, a national award. Starting this year, actors from across the country will be considered for the Sathyan Award, said the office-bearers of the forum.\"We have been giving the Sathyan award on November 9 since 1997. This year, we have postponed the ceremony to December-January hoping to get President Pranab Mukherjee for presenting the award. We have already approached chief minister Oommen Chandy seeking help. The CM has agreed to help us in this regard,\" said Kerala Cultural Forum secretary M H Jayarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17151759", "title": "Settle riots issue once and for all: Assocham", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150617", "title": "Realtor arrested for attack on Congress leader", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Aslali police arrested Mohammad Hanif Gotiwala, a Sarkhej-based real estate dealer, in connection with assault on Congress leader Badruddin Shaikh on November 4 at Juhapura. Gotiwala was caught from a relative's residence in Dholka. So far, police have arrested two out of the four named in the case. Earlier, Gotiwala's son Ajju was caught by police.Shaikh, leader of opposition in the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ), along with his associates had been to Juhapura to attend three weddings in the area. When they were parking the car at one of the venues, the car driver had altercation with driver of another car over parking. The second car belonged to Gotiwala. Soon, Gotiwala, his two sons \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Saheel and Ajju \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and the car driver assaulted Shaikh. Shaikh sustained injuries from a sword and was taken to the VS Hospital.D S Dodiya, sub-inspector of Aslali police station, said that they nabbed Gotiwala from Dholka near Ahmedabad where he was staying at residence of Liyakat Ali Saiyad, a resident of Malav Talav. \"He stated that the altercation between the parties got heated up after which he got enraged and assaulted Shaikh. We are now in process of recovering the weapon used by the group and searching the two other accused in the case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "kendrapara", "code": "17149262", "title": "57 test positive for dengue in Kendrapara", "text": "KENDRAPARA: As many as 57 blood samples sent to SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack, from Kendrapada over the past few days have tested positive for dengue. The district has so far reported four suspected dengue deaths in Aul block's Kaladia village while more than 70 people are suspected to be suffering from the disease.CDMO (Kendrapara) Santilata Sharma visited the affected villages on Wednesday to take stock of the situation. \"The blood samples of 57 patients, including 14 of Aul block, have tested positive for dengue,\" she confirmed. Of the four suspented dengue deaths, she sahid dengue claimed only one woman, while the three others died of other ailments.Meanwhile, dengue cases have been reported in Kaladia, Badambila, Baliada, Beta, Murganaini and Dasipur in Aul block and a few villages in Rajnagar and Derabishi blocks.The district health officials are keeping a tab on all the suspected cases. Health department officials are spraying Pyrethrum in the affected areas and spreading awareness on source reduction to check the spread of the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149791", "title": "HC takes on gender bias in succession law", "text": "MUMBAI: Ruling on two property disputes, the Bombay HC questioned the remnants of gender discrimination in Hindu succession laws which give preference to paternal relatives and the husband's kin, saying they were \"discriminatory and unconstitutional\".Referring to the Hindu Succession Act of 1956, Justice Roshan Dalvi said it has not kept pace with the constitutional mandate of gender equality and passed the issue to a division bench since a single judge cannot rule on a law's constitutional validity.\"The codification of the old Hindu law has not kept pace with the constitutional mandate of gender equality and in removing gender disparity completely,\" said Justice Dalvi. \"The egalitarian bluestocking that the Hindu society may have become, in consonance with the constitutional mandate, it has still left untouched perhaps the last discriminatory corner of Hindu society which has otherwise come of age and which would have to be looked upon as wanting in an equal society.\" Since a single judge cannot rule that a law is constitutionally invalid, Justice Dalvi has referred the issue to a division bench for its verdict.The rules that the judge questioned are provisions in the Hindu Succession Act of 1956. One of the provisions says when a man, single or a widower, dies childless or without surviving parents or siblings, his paternal relatives would have preference over his property than his maternal relatives. The second provision that came under the court's scanner is when a widowed woman dies childless, her husband's relatives have first right over her property instead of her own parents or brothers or sisters. This applies even if it is the woman's self-acquired property and she leaves a will.\"Putting heirs of the husband before the mother and father as also heirs of the father before the heirs of the mother would constitute gender discrimination,\" said the judge, adding the discrimination was rooted solely on the sex of the person. \"Ever since the law was enacted in 1956, this is the first time a question about constitutional validity of the provisions has come before the court,'' said advocate R A Shaikh, counsel for one of the petitioners.Additional solicitor general K Setalwad justified the law saying it was based on family ties in a patriarchal family. Setalwad argued a woman upon marriage gives up her own family and goes into the family of her husband. The law takes into account this ground reality, he argued.The court however equated this argument with trying to justify discrimination than to contend that there was none. \"The discrimination that obviously prevails is not denied; it is justified. Justification is patriarchy at centre stage,'' said Justice Dalvi.The court was called upon to decide the issue in two separate cases. In the first case, a city resident died without leaving a will and without any heirs. Both his paternal aunt and maternal aunt claimed a right over the property. In the second case, a Juhu resident and her husband were murdered 12 years ago. According to Shaikh, the Juhu flat was the woman's self-acquired property and was left in her will to her brother and four sisters. However, her husband's brother claimed the law gave him first right over the property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17149674", "title": "60% diabetics undiagnosed in India: Expert", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 60% of Indians suffering from diabetes remain undiagnosed, said the International Diabetes Federation chief Jean Claude Mbanya at a diabesity summit held in Mumbai on Thursday.Underlining the lack of awareness about the disease, he said one million Indians died every year due to diabetes-related complications. Dr Mbanya made these observations while delivering the keynote address at the Diabesity Summit organized by The Times of India and the Sanofi Diabetes Blue Fortnight 2012.Maharashtra minister of state for public health Fawzia Khan, who was the chief guest, said there is a need for better health awareness in Indian society given the galloping rate of the twin epidemic of diabetes and obesity. \"We see mothers giving fatty foods to their children so that they look chubby,\" said Khan.\"They don't realize they are contributing to an imbalanced nutrition that will show up as a problem later in life,\" she added.She added that this summit could not come at a better time because it underlines the need to deliberate on the problem of diabesity.Khan said India could take a hint from Korea, where companies provided economic incentives to people who keep themselves fit. \"The state could provide subsidy for lipid profile and for refined oil. We could promote non-stick cookware and even train anganwadi and other healthcare workers on the need for proper nutrition,\" she added.Endocrinologist Dr Shashank Joshi said, \"We live in a concretized and cerealised world where fat is the next tobacco.\" He said obesity had surpassed malnutrition. \"Because of labour-saving devices, there is a rise in childhood obesity. One in four children are obese,\" Dr Joshi added. Delhi-based Dr Anoop Misra, chairman of the National Diabetes Obesity and Cholesterol Foundation, said, \"India is facing a tsunami of diabetes, with 61.3 million Indians with the disease. Our susceptibility to diabetes starts at birth due to the mother's inadequate care and nutrition. Children are born with low-birth weight and get overnutrition up to 20 years of age. By the time they are in their twenties they are diabetic and suffer a heart attack in their late thirties,'' he said. However, there is hope. If Indians exercised 60 minutes every day, including resistance training, they will be better off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17149110", "title": "PMC health staff finds mosquitoes breeding at dengue victims' homes", "text": "PUNE: Four of the six victims of dengue in the city this year were found to have breeding places of the aedes aegypti mosquito, the dengue vector, right inside their houses.\"Whenever a person is tested positive for dengue infection our health staff conducts inspection of his house and surrounding areas. Four of the six people who succumbed to dengue had breeding spots inside their houses and they were completely unaware of that,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).\"People need to be extra careful and vigilant. It is vital to tackle mosquito breeding sites to prevent dengue,\" he added.Pardeshi also pointed out that two of the victims suffered from underlying medical conditions like diabetes which made them more vulnerable. Five of the six deaths in the city had occurred in October and one had occurred in November.A 59-year-old woman from Ganj Peth, who died due to dengue shock syndrome at Jehangir hospital on October 23, had aedes aegypti breeding site inside a newly constructed bathroom pit at her house. A 31-year-old man from Sadashiv Peth, who had developed multi-organ dysfunction syndrome following dengue infection and succumbed at Samarth hospital on October 10, had mosquito breeding spots of inside a used tin and a chamber cover of drain water in his house.A 52-year-old man from Sutardara in Kothrud, who died due to dengue haemorrhagic fever at Sassoon hospital on October 24, had aedes breeding in a decorative money plant and under the refrigerator. Another victim, a 52-year-old man from Aundh Road who had died at Sassoon hospital soon after being shifted from a private hospital, had a huge number of aedes larvae inside the drain water under the refrigerator.Similarly, all the three victims of dengue in the city in 2009 were also found to have breeding places of the aedes aegypti mosquito in their houses.\"Eighty per cent of the people in the city who got mosquito-borne diseases, mainly dengue, had vector breeding spots at their homes,\" said Vaishali Jadhav, head of the insect control department of the PMC.\"Usually, when a person tests positive for dengue, our staff inspects his house and its surroundings for mosquito-breeding spots to ensure that others living there do not contract it. It is our common observation that most of those who get dengue have breeding spots inside their houses,\" she added.\"The mosquito breeds primarily in man-made containers like earthenware jars, metal drums and concrete cisterns used for domestic water storage, as well as discarded plastic food containers, used automobile tyres and other items that collect rainwater,\" Jadhav said.The only method of controlling or preventing dengue virus transmission is to combat the vector mosquitoes. \"Proper solid waste disposal and improved water storage practices, including covering containers to deny access to egg-laying female mosquitoes, should be followed,\" Jadhav said.The insect control department has identified over 31,881 permanent mosquito-breeding places, mainly at construction sites, swimming pools and river embankments. The PMC has 188 production units of guppy fish that eat mosquito larvae.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17150767", "title": "Realty group admits Rs 20 crore black money", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In the two-day long search and survey operation on a Kalol-based realty group, income tax officials have got unaccounted income disclosure worth Rs 20 crore. On Tuesday, a team of 100 I-T officials swooped down on 31 locations of BT Corporation and its associates in Ahmedabad. Around 15 locations, including the premises of a Thaltej-based property broker linked with the company, were searched and surveyed.\"The group has admitted of unaccounted income of Rs 20 crore which was mainly generated through cash sales of their residential and commercial units in Kalol,\" said a senior I-T official. Officials said Rs 1 crore cash was seized during the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-09"}
