{"city": "delhi", "code": "16599807", "title": "Women at greater risk of heart attack post-menopause", "text": "DELHI: This is probably one of the biggest health myths: that it's just men who are at risk of heart disease. Doctors say that women, especially those who have attained menopause, are prone to heart ailments, and also less likely than men to recover.Said Dr Prathap C Reddy, renowned cardiologist and chairman of the Apollo group of hospitals, \"We see more cases of heart attack involving women in the age group of 50 years and above as compared to men. The recurrence rate is also very high.\" He added, \"Post-menopause, the protective hormones - estrogen - are not secreted which puts women at higher risk to get heart disease. They should be extra careful about the symptoms and periodic cardiac evaluation is advised.\"Dr Mohan Nair, head of the cardiology department at Max hospital Saket said that with ageing the blood vessels get stiffer and there is also an imbalance in the level of good and bad cholesterol. \"Healthy food habits and regular exercise can help check the risk factors. Also, one should get checked periodically after 40 years of age to rule out any possible heart disease so that treatment can be started in time,\" said Nair. He added that women smokers have increased among women, particularly those living in the metros - which could be another reason behind the rise in incidence of heart disease in the females. Obesity, hypertension, diabetes and hypertension are other risk factors.According to Dr Ashok Seth, Chairman and chief cardiologist at the Escorts Heart Institute, increasing the awareness about preventive aspects of the disease can help significantly in dealing with heart disease - one of the biggest killer diseases in India.The Apollo hospitals, in a new initiative, have started training of members of the National Cadet Corps to spread awareness on cardiac diseases and ways to prevent them from earlier age, said Dr Reddy. \"We want to sensitise the young minds. Once we are able to convince the youth, we can achieve a heart disease-free India,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16595334", "title": "South Odisha slips back into dark ages of power cuts", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Long hours of loadshedding seems to have made a comeback to the southern Odisha districts, including Berhampur town, in spite of almost all the reservoirs in the state being full owing to a good rainfall. While power distribution company Southco claimed to have cut down three hours of power-cut to two hours in the morning and one hour in the evening, people are reportedly suffering much longer hours of loadshedding.Unscheduled load-shedding is much higher than the scheduled power-cut, said Dandeswara Mishra, a resident of Hillpatna area in the town. Tulasi Nagar area suffered a power-cut of around five hours on Thursday. The unscheduled power-cuts have also hampered preparation for the forthcoming Dussehra festival,\" said a trader in Urban Bank Road here.\"We have been instructed by the Gridco to cut power for three hours every day. We have no option but to do so,\" said Southco chief executive officer S C Choudhury. According to Gridco instructions, the restriction of power will continue for three more days. \"The loadshedding is likely to be eased in the next three to four days,\" Choudhury said.He said due to some communication gap between Gridco and Soutcho, power-cut in several areas of Umarkote in Koraput district has been prolonged. \"We are trying to normalize the power supply there,\" Choudhury said.Decrease in power generation and maintenance of grids to ensure uninterrupted power supply during the forthcoming Durga Puja festival are some of the reasons for the prolonged power cuts in the southern Odisha districts, sources said.Southco has been entrusted to supply power to 10 southern Odisha districts - Ganjam, Gajapati. Kandhamal, Boudh, Rayagada, Koraput, Malkanagiri, Nabarangapur, Kalahandi and Nuapada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16597093", "title": "Agents persuade Multi-Level Marketing investors against moving police", "text": "COIMBATORE: More and more investors are coming out against the online Multi-Level Marketing (MLM) portal that seems to be at the centre of yet another multi-crore investment scam in western Tamil Nadu.A day after Erode police received a complaint from a few agents of the firm that they had collected and handed over Rs 700 crore to the firm, over 30 persons came to Coimbatore city police commissioner's office on Friday to lodge complaints against the firm claiming that they were duped of a total of Rs 30 lakh. However, a few agents of the firm reportedly advised them against filing a formal complaint against the portal when they came to know that investors were at the commissioner's office. The aggrieved investors, mainly residents of Vilankurichi, Perianaickenpalayam and Mettupalayam, returned without filing a complaint as the agents told them that they might lose even their capital if they moved against the firm. Sources said these investors had put in at least Rs 50 crore in MLM.MLM has yet to issue a clarification despite the storm over its scheme that promised to monthly returns of Rs 850 month for every Rs 10,000 invested for 65 months.People who this reporter spoke to said they were from Perianaickenpalayam and had worked as collection agents for the portal. They had collected at least Rs 30 lakh from their relatives and neighbours and invested in 'Best Way', a firm that operated from Vilankurichi near Peelamedu in the city. \"Most of the people from Perianackenpalayam and Mettupalayam area invested Rs 1 lakh each to the firm through the collection agents. They received 8.5% commission every month. But the firm closed two months ago and stopped paying commission to the agents. So investors approached the collection agent to get back their money,\" said a 'victim', who did not want to reveal his identity.According to Erode SP R Ponni, police were yet to register an FIR against the firm as they were still in the process of getting a legal opinion. \"We have so far received 23 petitions from the collection agents, who collected crores of money from the public and invested in the firm,\" he said. According to a police source, the MLM portal was owned by Senthil and Vivek who hailed from Kumudam Nagar at Vilankurichi in Peelamedu. The duo have not paid commission to the investors since the last two months and have been missing since.A K Viswanathan, Coimbatore city police commissioner, said police did not receive any petition against the MLM portal. \"If we receive any complaints, appropriate action will be taken,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16594808", "title": "Gandhi Jayanti: Tribals to undertake \u2018coal march\u2019 on October 2", "text": "RAIPUR: Amid raging controversy over coal block allocations, Chhattisgarh is all set to witness a unique movement from October 2\u2014 Gandhi Jayanti day \u2014 when a group of villagers will start mining coal, demanding that local community be given mining rights on natural resources.\"Around 1000 villagers will break the coal law like Mahatma Gandhi led the Dandi march against salt law. Local communities should have the first right on natural resources and not industrial houses\", Savita Rath of non-government organization, Jan Chetna Manch, told TOI over telephone from Raigarh.She said the villagers of Gare, Sarasmal and Khamharia in Tamnar block in Raigarh district would undertake a march to Gare mines to start mining of coal. The agitation is aimed at triggering a movement in the country against the plunder of natural resources on which the local communities have a natural first right, she said.Stating that more people from the nearby villages have also pledged their support to the movement, Savita said the local communities could pay more royalty to the government than the industrial groups which had acquired coal blocks. \"If they are paying Rs 50 as royalty, we are ready to pay Rs 500\", she said.\"The villagers have resolved not to allow the Jindal group to carryout coal mining in the area\", she said adding that the government and Raigarh district administration have already been informed about the proposed agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595385", "title": "Child Welfare Committee orders couple to pay Rs 37,000 to minor help", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Child Welfare Committee has ordered a couple to pay a compensation of Rs 37,000 to a minor for employing him as a domestic help. The order by Dilshad Garden CWC comes a day after the child was rescued from the couple's Mayur Vihar-I residence.\"The CWC has decided to fix the compensation amount at Rs 35,000, worked out as the minimum wages of Rs 7,000 per month for the five months the boy was with the employer,\" stated a copy of the order. \"In addition to the wages, a token fine of Rs 2,000 has been imposed on the couple for employing the child,\" the order further stated. The employers had not paid any money to the child or his father, it said.The committee also noted that even though he was involved in a few domestic activities occasionally, \"the child was not strictly doing household chores as a typical child labourer.\"The child was brought o the capital from Bihar against his mother's wishes. Taking note of this, the order stated \"the employer did not make any serious effort to enroll the child in a formal school. Though the family taught him some lessons by way of non-formal education, the child lost a valuable period of five months.\"\"Before coming to Delhi, he was enrolled in a formal school. The employer must compensate for the loss of his education and general development,\" the order further stated.Cops from Pandav Nagar police station and members from NGO Shakti Vahini raided the couple's house on Thursday. Disappointed with the verdict, member of Shakti Vahini have decided to contest the order in the high court. \"We do not understand how can the CWC say \"he is not a typical child labourer,\" said Rishi Kant of the NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16594889", "title": "Tripura professor makes chemistry easier", "text": "AGARTALA: Assistant professor Arijit Das, a chemistry teacher of Dharmanagar Degree College in North Tripura, earned the appreciation and accolades of many scholars for his success in simplification of two established theories of chemistryDas, early this year, discovered new methods for determination of hybridization state for organic and inorganic molecules or ions in a very short time. He also found some new methods for IUPAC nomenclature of bicycle and spiro compounds.\"Though these are basics of undergraduate and graduate level study of chemistry, students find the existing methods uninteresting and complex,\" Das told TOI on Wednesday claiming that his method was far easier and fascinating.Das's achievement was brought to light four months ago in the April '12 issue of Chemistry Today, a leading journal of the subject, and later Das explained it at various fora and received positive response from scholars and learners across the country.Prof Mahammad Ali of Jadavpur University said Das' method would prove helpful for students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16597384", "title": "Fake notes racket busted in Bhavnagar, 5 held", "text": "RAJKOT: Bhavnagar police busted a fake currency racket on Thursday by arresting five people, who belong to Malda district in West Bengal. The accused identified as Attaur Raheman Musa (35), Akbar Ali (18), Mansur Raheman (20), Manjur Alam (30) and Asharaf Abdul Manan (18) were produced before a local court, which remanded them in police custody for 14 days on Friday.Police inspector, Special Operations Group, M N Chavda said the accused had arrived in Bhavnagar to circulate fake currency notes. They were staying in a guest house when arrested after a raid. \"We seized 46 notes of Rs 500 and 23 of Rs 1000 denominations from the accused,\" he said, adding that Rs 70,500 genuine Indian currency was also recovered in the raid.\"The accused told us that they had got the fake currency from one Safeek, who is based in West Bengal. We will verify their claims for which our team will be going to West Bengal ,\" another police officer said.Police expect to get more information about the fake currency racket during the remand of the accused and investigators' visit to West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595482", "title": "Many hues to art fair in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Diversity is the buzzword at the ongoing United Art Fair. From art connoisseurs to amateurs, observers to patrons, it has them all. While many simply appreciated the works of artists, the number of sales enquiries before the end of the first open day showed there was no dearth of serious buyers either.\"We've already booked 65% of the pieces for negotiations. We're glad to see people appreciate diversity and being open to many emerging artists,\" says Annurag Sharma, founder director, United Art Fair. A sales representative at the fair adds they've been flooded with enquiries all day.But more than just buying art, it's an opportunity for many to simply observe a range of quality pieces. \"I want my children to be exposed to art because it helps open the mind. Since they're young I cannot take them to galleries. This is an approachable way to get them started,\" says Payal Jhulka, as her six-year-old daughter gapes at a piece made using broken bangles.\"I love viewing and buying art but there are so many artists here that I have never heard of. Galleries tend to give exposure to a limited number of artists and often urge us to invest in their work only,\" says Reema Jain, a homemaker. For those new to the field, it's an opportunity to interact with other artists. \"I can explain my work to people and reach a wider audience,\" says artist Sangeeta Singh.Artist Subodh Kerkar's sculptures made using old truck and bicycle tires celebrate the ocean as a medium of cultural diffusion \u2014 there's one of chillies, which were brought here by the Portuguese. Aadhi Vishal's paintings show woman as a centrifugal force, and his love for colour as a Goan. Rajesh Salgaonkar's works are a tribute to his fisherman roots. But amid all the diversity, the theme of technology runs strong.\"We are more connected to machines now, and it seems like children are born with it,\" says Aarti Zaveri, whose massive metal installation highlights this.Performance artist Mukesh Sharma walks with a mask that has keyboard keys coming out of the mouth, to show the \"dominance of technology and the growth of cyber brain.\" \"I have shown the fluidity of our relationship with the cyber world and how it doesn't need to be confined,\" says Satadru Shovan Banduri.The footfall on the first day was as diverse as the art on display. While some looked at the works through the eyes of a critic, others simply appreciated the melange of colours or the variety of media used to create them. The fair is on till Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16599985", "title": "Venkatesh\u2019s punch dialogue from Shadow", "text": "'Victory' Venkatesh already has a king-size presence on the silver screen when it comes to entertaining masses. However, the actor who has been focusing on family drama all this while, is looking to revive his mass appeal with his forthcoming action drama Shadow. The first teaser of the film will be released shortly and apparently Venky utters \"Nenu yevarannadhi mystery... Nenu create chesedhi history... Adugesthe victory\", in the teaser.Well, surely dialogues like these will raise the expectations from Venky's upcoming release. Sources from the unit say that there are a few powerful dialogues and one-liners in the film that satisfies all the eagerly-waiting fans.Directed by Meher Ramesh and produced by Paruchuri Kireeti under the United Productions banner, Shadow will have Venkatesh playing an underworld don, a character that has multiple shades. Taapsee Pannu is paired opposite Venky in the lead role while Srikanth and Madhurima are also essaying important roles. The movie, which shot in the locales of Hyderabad, Switzerland and Malaysia, has Thaman composing the tunes. Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan have written the script for this film, which is slated for release in January 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595515", "title": "Grandeur and fanfare to mark Lord\u2019s departure", "text": "NAGPUR: As Bappa's ten day sojourn in the city ends, his devotees are all set to bid adieu with fanfare. Major pandals in the city have made extensive preparation for visarjan processions.Famous for the different kinds of bands that form a part of the procession, Munna Jaiswal, the force behind Ganpati Mandal at Dhantoli, says that this year he has introduced a new band called Kancha. \"We traditionally call the Babulgaon band but this year Kancha, which uses only desi instruments like dhol and banjo, will also accompany them along with a brass band.\" Jaiswal leads the procession with the idol placed on a well decorated carriage attached to a tractor. Five horses and one camel will also be part of the procession. \"About 3000 people join us till my factory on Wardha Road as we do the immersion in a well there,\" he informs.Terming the procession as a mini Ram Navami shobha yatra, ex-corporator Baba Maind says his mandal at Dharmapeth has been making this event as grand as it can get. \"Eleven horses and 11 camels will have children dressed as different historical and mythological characters riding on them. On the carriage carrying the idol, children dressed like Ram, Laxman and Sita will be sitting. The procession will move to the beats of Punjabi dhol, brass band and Babulgaon band,\" he informs. Men doing Gujarat folk dance and an Adivasi dance troupe from Kamptee performing all along the route has been planned.Corporator Prakash Gajbhiye terms the procession taken out by him as the biggest in Maharashtra. \"I have called special tableaux from Ujjain this year. A group of students on skates will also be part of the procession,\" he informs.With most mandals avoiding the use of powdered colour or gulal, there are other means of adding hues to this event. The highlight of the procession by Dakshinamurthy Ganesh Utsav is the swan shaped carriage especially designed for carrying the idol, informs corporator Pravin Datke. \"A group of warkari's who sing Vitthal bhajans will lead the procession. Students carrying flags and women in large numbers also join us.\" The procession starts from Mahal and culminates at Futala. This year a statue of Vivekanand would also be carried, says Datke.Living up to the title Nagpur Ka Raja, this mandal has commissioned 21 horses and a 40-people dhumaal band from Amravati. \"Besides, 12 other top bands of the city will be part of our procession. Palanquins being carried by pathkaars preceded by musicians playing shehnai are also planned. But the unique feature this year are the members of the Sansakar Bharati group who will make rangolis throughout the way on the road,\" says Bhau Patki, president of the mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596609", "title": "Enrolment up in English medium corporation schools", "text": "CHENNAI: More parents from economically backward sections of society in the city want their children to study in English medium. Hardly three months after Chennai Corporation announced the introduction of English medium in 30 primary schools, the enrolment numbers in the section have increased by nearly 8%. This is the first time in more than four years that student registrations have gone up.The number of students studying in corporation-run primary schools this year stood at 21,599, which is around 2,000 higher than those who enrolled in primary schools in 2011. While the difference may not be too large, officials say, this year could be the beginning of an encouraging trend. \"Every year, we used to be criticized because the numbers were dropping, saying parents don't want corporation schools anymore. It was difficult to ask for more funds,\" said an official who has been with the department for more than 20 years. The total number of students studying in middle and primary schools run by the civic body at the end of the 2011 academic year was 58,929, which was a drop from the 63,641 students in 2010.Officials attribute the increase in numbers to the 30 new English medium schools introduced this year, believe officials and educationists. They say the offer of good English medium education free of cost attracted many parents this year. The new English medium primary sections introduced in June this year has attracted 609 students to Class 1. \"The schools in South Chennai have attracted the most number of students, 375 of them. While 106 students have joined Class 1 in north Chennai, 128 have been enrolled to Class 1 in central Chennai,\" said a senior corporation official. Earlier, Class I in the 122 primary schools run by the civic body had the least number of students last year, a total of 5,138.Corporation officials say the numbers also become more significant because many popular Matriculation and CBSE schools in the city such as Kendriya Vidyalaya and Vidya Mandir began implementing the Right to Education act this year for LKG and UKG. \"Many students from poor families who could have joined corporation schools were put into private well-known English medium schools, because education there too is free,\" said a senior corporation official. \"Despite this competition, our numbers have gone up.\"Educationists see this as a sign of more people realising the need for English education. \"They should come to corporation schools because even primary teachers there hold double post-graduate degrees,\" says education activist S S Rajagopalan. \"But the government policy of converting schools to English medium is wrong and is not advocated by any education commission,\" he said.Officials say recruitment of adequate number of teachers for new students studying in English medium is likely to be a challenge. \"One reason the existing 69 English medium schools were not popular was due to lack of teachers. That was addressed by recruiting a few teachers this year,\" said another official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595281", "title": "Builder to pay Rs 25L for fleecing couple", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission has ordered a builder to pay Rs 25.25 lakh to a doctor couple from Mahim, after they were charged an extra Rs 12 lakh under the garb of penal interest.The couple had booked two flats in the an SRA building in 1997 but received their possession only in 2008. \"The interest or penal interest charged on account of defaults is absolutely unjustified and is an excess recovery made by the builder from the complainants without a reason. So, each of the complainant is entitled to claim the amount back,\" the panel said.The builder will have to return Rs 6.02 lakh, along with 18% on it since 2007, to Dr Sangeeta and Dr Hemant Pikale. The duo will also receive Rs 1 lakh each for mental agony caused to them and Rs 25,000 each for costs of the complaint. The builder will also have to give them the occupation certificates.In 1997, the Pikales bought the flats, each 544 sq ft, in a building in Mahim that was to be developed and constructed by Innovative Constructions Pvt. Each cost Rs 21.37 lakh. Even though possession was to be handed over in three years, the Pikales received them on January 8, 2008. They alleged that just before handing over the flats, through a letter in December 2007, the builder demanded more money. In January 2009, the complainants issued a notice through their lawyer and demanded compensation for the delayed possession and to return with interest Rs 6.02 lakh, illegally recovered as penal interest. As the builder did not respond, the couple lodged two separate complaints in the commission in 2009.The builder denied the allegations. The commission referred to the submission made by Sangeeta that whenever the builder raised a demand, she found the construction was not of the desired stage and so, the demand made was premature. \"In spite of that, she went on making the payment but not strictly within 15 days of the demand received, as the builder could not justify his demand. The builder cannot blame the complainant for delayed payment and cannot invoke clauses in the agreement to charge any interest or penal interest,\" the commission said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16595387", "title": "SCB nursing students gherao super's office", "text": "CUTTACK: Over 300 students of SCB Nursing School on Friday gheraoed the office of the hospital superintendent demanding a hike in their monthly stipend. The superintendent tried to pacify the students but to no avail. The students are on an indefinite strike since Tuesday for a hike in their stipend that currently stands at Rs 1,000. \"Our stipend should be equal to 60% salary of a nurse,\" said Sasmita, an agitating student.The students are also demanding renovation of the 60-year-old hostel building and timely conduct of annual examinations.However, superintendent of SCB Medical College and Hospital has claimed that steps are being taken to resolve the issue. 'We have informed the state government about the demands of the students,\" said D N Moharana, superintendent of SCB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16596237", "title": "32m patients, but cardiac care heartwarming", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 32 million Indians suffer from some heart disease, according to extrapolations from the Global Burden of Diseases study. Give this huge number that is almost the population of Canada, cardiac care is not surprisingly one of the busiest medical specialties in India.Within this field, the Cardiological Society of India's statistics show that progressively more heart patients now opt for angioplasty, the minimally invasive procedure to remove blockages in blood vessels. In 2011, 1.5 lakh Indians chose angioplasty\u2014 almost 29% more than the number in 2010. \"This figure has been growing annually by 25- 30% in the last few years,\" said Dr Sundeep Mishra who, as CSI's National Interventional Council chairman, maintains the national registry.Since only 55% of the cath labs actually send their statistics to the council, the number is bound to be higher. Dr Mishra believes over 2.5 lakh angioplasties are performed annually. In contrast, about 1.5 lakh cardiac bypass surgeries are performed a year, said cardiac surgeon Dr Ramakanta Panda of Asian Heart Institute. The reasons for the angioplasty demand range from people's fear of open heart surgery, growing number of cath labs and availability of affordable stents.\"The spending power of India's middle class has improved,\" said Dr Mishra.Dr Panda concurred. \"The numbers of heart patients who come to doctors are just the top of the iceberg. Many cannot afford treatment, many are frightened of interventions and only want medical treatment,\" he said, adding that India's heart burden runs into millions.There is a silver lining to the growing cardiac care facilities in India: the care itself is getting better. The CSI registry throws up big positives in India's battle against cardiac ailments. The biggest positive seems to be the time taken for the average cardiac patient to reach a cath lab. The door-to-balloon time is a medical term to calculate the time between the patient reaching a hospital and doctors removing the blockage. The 2011 statistics from CSI say that that average time is 48.6 minutes, though it varies from a minimum of 12 minutes to a maximum of 120 in some hospitals.\"International norms suggest that the average door-to-balloon time is 90 minutes. If India's average is 48.6 minutes, it is excellent,\" said cardiologist Ganesh Kumar from Hiranandani Hospital in Powai.The CSI statistics show that the number of primary angioplasties, which is done within six hours of a patient getting a heart attack, is increasing. Many hospitals across the country now offer primary angioplasty, with many of their staff members living on the campus to facilitate better time management. In 2008, 10,465 primary angioplasties were performed across India, accounting for 9.23% of all angioplasties that year. In 2011, 20,541 primary angioplasties were done, accounting for 13.5% of the total procedures.CSI said that although half the number of procedures is performed in a handful of cities, there is a trend of smaller centres coming up across India. \"People no longer travel to big cities for interventions. Pune, for instance, has overtaken Mumbai in the number of angioplasties,\" said Dr Mishra.Dr Panda pointed that barely four centres offered cardiac care two decades back. \"People would go to Mumbai, Delhi, Vellore or Chandigarh for treatment, but now we have over 300 centres across India offering a range of heart treatment,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596676", "title": "Fishermen stir against diesel hike from October 5", "text": "CHENNAI: Over 3,000 fishing boats will stay in dock indefinitely in various ports of the state from October 5 to protest against the diesel price hike.Three unions, the Mechanised Trawlers Association, Fibre Boat Owners Association and Small Boat Owners Association, have called back all boats at sea. Around 15,000 members of the three unions urged the government to increase the 1,500 monthly subsidy given to each fishermen to 2,000.The fishing industry is one of the largest consumers of diesel as a mechanised boat needs an average of 300 litres per trip. 15 fishermen associations plan to stage demonstrations outside the Chennai Port Trust's offices on October 2.South Indian Fishermen Welfare Association president K Bharathi said fishing will not be viable with the diesel price hike. \"We face attacks from the Sri Lankan navy when we put out to sea. The prices fixed for a full boat's catch are much lower than they should be, given the retail rates. Now we have a diesel price hike,\" he said. \"Our families will starve and the government will be responsible for their fate.\"Boat owner V Balaji said, \"The overheads in this trade are very high. Forget about profits; it is difficult to break even,\" he said. Balaji said ice factories in and around Kasimedu will also wind down operations if the fishermen do not venture into the sea from October 5. \"The fishermen are looking for a firm decision on either a rollback or an increase in subsidy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16589959", "title": "Vamps: Trailer", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16597408", "title": "Rajkot to get more Narmada water", "text": "RAJKOT: More Narmada waters will flow into the water-starved city.Standing committee of Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) on Friday approved a proposal worth Rs 11 crore to lay a pipeline from Khirshara to Raiya to supply 40 million litre (MLD) per day.\"It is likely that our traditional drinking water sources may dry up in December and we will need to make arrangements for providing a regular water supply. The pipeline is being laid as an advance preparation. We have asked the contractors to complete the work within the next two months,'' an RMC official said.Standing committee chairman Jaiman Upadhyay said, \"We will also build sumps to store water at Raiyadhar from where the water will be distributed to different parts of the city.''Earlier this year, the RMC had submitted a Rs 60 crore-plan to a visiting central team seeking financial assistance for its execution.The committee also approved 28 proposals for various developmental projects worth Rs 40 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16595635", "title": "Swift act by police helps victim get back 17.4 lakh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Some prompt response by the Lucknow police led to the arrest of a youth and recovery of Rs 17.4 lakh minutes after the cash was robbed from a family on the outskirts of the city on Friday morning. Reports said that Kailash Yadav of Gomtinagar had planned to purchase a plot of land in Nagram area. He had finalised the deal through one Anil, who was known to Kailash and also familiar with the property dealer who was brokering for the sale of the plot. Kailash was to pay Rs 17.4 lakh to the owner of the plot on Friday morning. As per the scheduled time Kailash along with his wife Vimla, father RN Yadav and driver Ajay reached Nagram in his SUV to make the payment. About a kilometre before the village, Kailash met Anil who was waiting for them.Anil was to escort Kailash first to the land owner and then to the plot of land in question. Hence an unsuspecting Kailash invited Anil into the SUV and moved ahead. About two kilometres down the road, Anil asked the driver Ajay to stop and pointed towards three persons standing by the roadside with their motorcycles parked nearby and told Kailash that one of them is the landowner. As Anil and Kailash got off the SUV and walked towards them, two of the youths took out pistols in their hands and asked Kailash to hand over the cash to them.Taken aback by the sudden development, Kailash followed their dictates quietly and handed over the bag containing the cash to the trio.Thereafter the three accused and Anil himself jumped on the two motorcycles parked near them and sped away from the scene. Kailash then darted towards the Nagram police station situated barely a kilometre away from the crime scene and informed the cops on duty about the incident.Taking the complaint seriously, some of the cops on duty got into Kailash's SUV while others took the police jeep and rushed to the scene of crime.Barely a few kilometres from the scene of crime, Kailash spotted Anil getting off the motorcycle and carrying the bag that contained the cash, with him. The moment Anil and his aides saw Kailash's SUV approaching, they tried to speed away from the scene but in the process Anil failed to get back on the motorcycle and was nabbed by the police. Though another police party was dispatched immediately to trace the remaining three accused, who had sped away on the motorcycle but in vain.Anil was then brought to the police station and the entire cash was recovered from him.According to the police, Anil claimed that he owed Kailash several lakhs of rupees which the latter was not repaying him as a result of which he plotted the robbery. Kailash however denied any such outstanding payment.\"Though this payment issue remains to be established the fact remains that the manner in which Rs 17.4 lakh were robbed from Kailash cannot be explained as a lawful act by any standards,\" said senior superintendent of police (SSP) Lucknow AK Chaturvedi adding, \"A case of robbery has been lodged in connection with the incident and raid parties have been dispatched to conduct searches of the possible hideouts of Anil's associates. We have got their names and addresses and I am confident that they too will be arrested soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16599534", "title": "Looking up to a 'fishy' food festival", "text": "Kolkatans sure like to eat out and if it is a question of the delicacies of the river , dare we miss it!Kalash, the Indian restaurant at Hotel Hindusthan International is just the right place to be to savour the best of Catch of the Monsoon \u2014 a food festival featuring the choicest river fish.The prime attraction of the festival is the hilsa and prawn. Choose from starters like Pudina Ilish Bhaja (Boneless hilsa fillet marinated with mint and chilli), Chingrir Bora (Traditional Bengali-style prawn fried balls served with aam kasundi) and main course spreads like Narkoli Ilish (hilsa cooked with virgin coconut milk and mustard), Baansh Chingri (Fresh-river prawn cooked with bamboo shoot, stuffed in bamboo and char-grilled) and Pabda Maachher Jhalfrezi.Hilsa or prawn \u2014 which is the superior of the two? Well, this debate is endless among fish-lovers. With Kalash's mouth-watering fish spread, one is sure to be spoilt for choice! Royal Indian ambience, reflecting the rich heritage of our country and live ghazals by Ujjal Deb Roy will add to the ethnic setting \u2014 perfect to savour the delicacies on offer.Says corporate chef Utpal Mondal, \"We thought of doing something interesting with fish. On the one hand, we have a scrumptious spread using hilsa and on the other, we have exotic preparations of prawn. The food has been specially designed keeping in mind the palate of the people in the city. We have experimented and developed some new recipes and so far, the response we have got has been amazing. \"This special menu is available till September 30 at Kalash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16597390", "title": "3 children drown during Ganesha immersion", "text": "RAJKOT: Three children drowned in Malan river in Nesvad village of Mahuva taluka in Bhavnagar district on Friday while immersing Ganesha idols. The deceased were identified as Ketan Shiyal (12), Kamlesh Shiyal (12) and Kaushik Shiyal (10). Kamlesh and Kaushik were brothers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16596213", "title": "Mumbai\u2019s driest monsoon in years despite wettest September", "text": "MUMBAI: While the city experienced the second highest rainfall in 18 years this September, paradoxically, Monsoon 2012 has been among the driest in a long time. Its abysmal performance in June, July and mid-August has ensured that the city could not bridge the total annual rainfall deficit.Rainfall in Colaba, for instance, stands fifth lowest in 50 years and that in Santa Cruz, too, figures among the ten lowest in five decades. With 1,434mm of rainfall, Colaba is staring at a gaping 33% deficit in the annual average rainfall. While Santa Cruz has fared slightly better with 1,867.3mm, its annual average is still 13% deficient.With two more days left for the monsoon months to officially end, the weather department says that even if it rains on Saturday and Sunday, it will barely make a 1% difference to the deficit.According to the IMD's forecast, the monsoon may withdraw from Konkan only by the first week of October.\"Generally, the monsoon withdraws from Mumbai by September 30. But seeing the current conditions, it may take up to the first week of October to withdraw from Konkan area,\" said N Y Apte, deputy director general of the Indian Meteorological Deprtment, Mumbai. \"However, we only take into consideration June to September rainfall for the annual monsoon figure.\"Although the monsoon was late in its arrival by a few days, the situation would have been different had it picked up soon after. Unfortunately, all through June, Colaba received just 255mm rainfall while Santa Cruz recorded 312mm. The monsoon continued to fare badly in July as well, when Colaba received 325mm rainfall\u2014the fifth lowest July figure in the past 50 years. Santa Cruz registered 620mm. A major chunk of August, too, witnessed a lull of sorts. It was only in the last week of August that monsoon picked up, taking the monthly rainfall to 605.2mm in Colaba and 371.6mm in Santa Cruz. September was a lot better\u2014owing to good spells in the first half. Colaba received 319.4mm and Santa Cruz 551.7mm as of September 28.The weather department has said that if the Konkan and Vidarbha areas are considered as a whole, then monsoon has been about normal here. \"Mumbai is not the only area we look at. Vidarbha, where the rainfall is really important, has seen about normal monsoon this year. However, Madhya Maharashtra and Marathwada are seeing deficits,\" said Apte.Though the city has seen very little rain in the past few days, the weather department has forecast a few light showers. Occasional spells of rain or thundershowers may occur in parts of city and suburbs. Those Mumbaikars who plan to go out for Ganpati immersions on Saturday need not worry though, as the met department has said there is no likelihood of heavy showers for the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16596214", "title": "Care for your heart to prevent attacks", "text": "PUNE: Heart-related studies show that genetic factors have much to do with heart disease, but unhealthy lifestyles affect and cause death due to coronary heart disease in 80% to 90% people. Experts say these deaths can be prevented by controlling risk factors.\"The heart that quietly goes about its work is taken for granted or worse still ignored and abused. The consequences are obvious and apparent. Coronary heart disease (CHD) is the leading cause of death in India with more than 14 lakh deaths every year,\" said Amol Naikwadi who is into preventive health check-ups in Pune.The world over, more than 72 lakh men and women die each year for CHD. According to estimates and current trends, almost 26 lakh Indians may die due to coronary heart disease by 2020.\"However, 80% to 90% of such cases can be prevented by controlling risk factors like tobacco consumption, alcohol abuse and following a healthy lifestyle that includes a healthy diet, control over high blood pressure , blood cholesterol and regular health check-ups,\" said cardiologist Abhijit Vaidya.Popular myths that heart diseases usually affect older people as a result of ageing, is fast losing ground. \"In reality, the risks for cardiovascular diseases start in youth. It is estimated that around 1.8 crore children around the world under five years of age are overweight. Also, 14% of students aged 13 to 15 years around the world smoke cigarettes. The average age for the onset of such non-communicable diseases has also declined and younger people in the age bracket of 25-40 are increasingly becoming susceptible to heart-attacks and strokes,\" said Naikwadi.According to a WHO report, \"Of all coronary heart disease patients who die within 28 days of the onset of symptoms, about two-thirds die before reaching hospital. This highlights not only the need for early recognition of the warning signs of a heart attack, but also the need for prevention.\"Early warning signs can be detected through regular (at least once-a-year) health check-up. If any anomaly is detected, and depending on the stage of the damage done, remedial measures can be taken, said cardiac surgeon Chandrashekhar Kulkarni.Cardiologist Jagdish Hiremath said that heart failure patients have symptoms of breathlessness on exertion and this breathlessness is likely to get worse as the heart failure worsens. \"A breathless person even after rest indicates advanced form of heart failure. Heart failure also leads to swelling on the feet and swelling on the face and extreme weakness and lack of appetite,\" he added.\"Heart failure is correctly diagnosed with the help of an ECG, X-Ray of the chest and further investigative tools like echo colour doppler study, coronary angiography and PET scan of the heart. Hence, periodic health check-ups under guidance of an expert is a must,\" Hiremath said.Radiologist Pooja Mehta of Poona Hospital and Research Centre who has specialised in cardiac CT said, the advent of multidetector CT scanners, has made it possible to evaluate the coronary vessels in a fast and non-invasive way.\"Cardiac CT is an excellent screening tool to rule out as well as to assess occult coronary artery disease. It can also grade disease into mild, moderate or severe blockages and helps to determine whether patients are to be treated conservatively or referred for invasive therapy,\" said Mehta.Cardiovascular diseases, especially coronary heart disease and stroke may occur due to genetic predisposition or environmental influences. However, the rise of the incidence of CHD in India may be attributed mainly to unhealthy and altered lifestyles than to genetic factors.Experts said mimicking foreign cultures and adopting lifestyles against healthy living is reflected in the India's physical and mental health.Consumption of tobacco, alcohol and fast food, coupled with physical inactivity, obesity and low consumption of vegetables and fruits has led to high blood pressure, high cholesterol and higher levels of stress eventually leading to cardiovascular diseases.\"Approximately 75% of cardiovascular diseases can be attributed to high blood pressure, high levels of cholesterol, tobacco use, physical inactivity, obesity and unhealthy diets. If only we could help ourselves from indulging in our vices, so many untimely deaths could have been prevented,\" said Naikwadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16597819", "title": "Government blinks, allows Telangana march", "text": "HYDERABAD: The three-day stand off between the state government and Telangana outfits over holding the Chalo Hyderabad march on September 30 was resolved on Friday with the authorities bowing down and agreeing to allow the march to be held at Necklace Road on the same day.After a day of hectic and intense consultations, panchayat raj minister Jana Reddy announced around 7.45 pm that the march would be allowed to be held at Necklace Road on September 30. \"After all the political parties and organizations involved in the march, namely, Telangana Political JAC, TRS, BJP, CPI and others gave a written assurance that they would ensure that nothing untoward happens on Sunday , chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy agreed to the march to be held at Necklace Road.However, it can take place only after 3 pm, and the finer details like the timing and other arrangements will be conveyed to the organizers in writing on Saturday,\" he said. However, the police would keep strict vigil at all the entry points to Hyderabad and prevent people from outside to come into the city for the march. This would contain the number of marchers, sources told TOI.According to sources, the march will be allowed between 3 pm and 7 pm on Sunday. Those who signed on the assurance letter included TJAC convenor M Kodandaram , TRS leader E Rajender, Nagam Janardhan Reddy, Congress MPs Ponnam Prabhakar and S Rajaiah , BJP's Bandaru Dattatreya and CPI leader Palle Venkat Reddy.The compromise came as a much-needed relief for both the authorities and the organizers. In a day of hectic consultations, all the Telangana ministers except Ponnala Lakshmaiah, Danam Nagender and M Mukesh Goud met the chief minister at the Camp Office in the morning. At the meeting, while the T ministers conveyed to the CM that the organizers are not willing to shift the venue, Kiran Kumar told them that in that case, no permission could be granted for the march. \"If they are willing to shift the venue to Parade Grounds or Uppal Stadium, permission for the march can be given for the same day,\" the CM reportedly asked them to convey to TJAC and other parties .After the message that the CM was not willing to give them permission for the march to be held at Tank Bund was conveyed to them, the TJAC steering committee comprising its affiliates met first and decided to insist on holding the march only at Tank Bund. And this was endorsed by a meeting of all the parties involved in the march including the TJAC, TRS, BJP and CPI.At this juncture, DGP V Dinesh Reddy addressed a press conference and said that the organizers had no permission to hold the march at Tank Bund on September 30 and that strict action will be taken against anyone caught breaking the law. \"I appeal to the organizers of the march to postpone it as the Ganesh immersion will spill over to the next day. The strictest of the action will be taken against anyone indulging in violence or destruction of public property,\" the DGP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595477", "title": "Kanda\u2019s custody extended till October 12", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday extended till October 12 the judicial custody of former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda in a case lodged against him and his brother Govind for allegedly evading court proceedings in a cheque bounce case. Gopal Kanda is also an accused in the Geetika Sharma suicide case.Metropolitan Magistrate (MM) Jasjeet Kaur extended the custody by two weeks in the 14-year-old cheque bounce case when Gopal was produced in court after expiry of his judicial custody. His brother had earlier been granted interim bail in the case till October 10 by District Judge (DJ) HS Sharma on a personal bond of Rs 10,000 with a surety of a like amount.The case against Kanda brothers for evading the court was recently lodged by Delhi police on a court's direction. In May this year, they had been declared proclaimed offenders in the cheque bounce case which they had settled last month in an out-of-court agreement.The police had registered the case against the Kanda brothers under Section 174A (punishment for non-appearance in response to court proclamation) of the IPC which entails a jail term up to three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16597663", "title": "Govt calls international bids for granite blocks", "text": "CHENNAI: After floating a couple of local tenders for sale of its granite blocks, the state-run Tamil Nadu Minerals (Tamin) has invited international bids for selling a huge quantity of granite blocks in its quarries in 12 districts. Though officials maintain this is a regular tender process, at least 10 of the granite blocks up for sale are in the Madurai-Mellur region, mired in a multi-crore granite scam.The granite blocks up for sale are located in Villupuram, Tiruvanamalai, Salem, Vellore , Dharmapuri, Krishnagiri , Karur, Madurai, Virudhunagar , Pudukottai and Trichy. Tamin began to float tenders in the last week of July soon after major irregularities in granite quarrying operations in more than 150 quarries in Madurai district were uncovered by former collector U Sagayam.\"The new tender is a routine procedure. We do this when there is a requirement,\" said a Tamin official. He said the department had done transactions with foreign buyers earlier but declined to disclose the quantity. The successful bidder will enter into an agreement with Tamin for one year and this might be extended further. \"Foreign buyers will visit the area of interest and assess our quarries and factory,\" he said. Buyers will also inspect samples from various quarries.Local buyers will participate in the bidding in case the number of foreign buyers is low. \"Successful local buyers will be supplied 30% of the blocks and the rest earmarked for foreign buyers,\" he said. The state government expects to earn several hundred crores of rupees from this transaction. Various varieties of granite , including chocolate spot, yellowish grey, classic paradise , red wave, Kashmir white and Lavender blue, will be up for sale.\"The nearest port for dispatch will be Tuticorin,\" the official said. However, granite produced in Villupuram, Tiruvanamalai and Vellore will be shipped out from Chennai port. Tamin has warned that anyone indulging in any irregularities would not be eligible to participate in the tender process. The selected firms would be thoroughly monitored during the quarrying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16594866", "title": "Tripura State Rifles jawan commits suicide after kidnapping a cop from Agartala", "text": "AGARTALA: Police on Friday recovered the body of a Tripura State Rifles (TSR) jawan who reportedly committed suicide by shooting himself with his service SLR when security forces cornered him to arrest him on a kidnapping charge. The incident occurred at from a deserted hut in a remote area under Kalyanpur police station of West Tripura.Thakurdas Pal, a jawan of the 11th battalion of TSR, kidnapped sub-inspector (SI) Debashish Saha and a driver at gunpoint after opening indiscriminate fire Thursday evening at Colonel Chowmuhani in Agartala.He threatened the driver of the police vehicle, Dilip Das, to drive ahead towards the north. Police raised an alarm over the incident while TSR personnel deployed at northern posts built barricades to stop the high speeding vehicle but failed.Inspector general of police N C Das told TOI that the reason for the incident has not yet been ascertained yet, but apparently the deceased jawan had some personal problems that had made him mentally unstable leading to the firing and kidnapping.The kidnapped SI and driver, along with the vehicle, were rescued unhurt in the early hours of Friday. However, another TSR jawan received a bullet injury from Pal's revolver when he tried to stop the vehicle. The injured jawan was shifted to Agartala Government Medical College (AGMC) in a critical condition.Work and lifestyle-related stress and frustration are proving to be fatal for paramilitary troops and also become a cause for concern for the common people of Tripura, said leading psychiatrist A K Nath, while commenting on the bizarre incident of the TSR jawan kidnapping the cop and then killing himself on Thursday night. \"The mental state of the security personnel needs to be understood by their bosses and policy-makers and, accordingly, they should make stress management therapy compulsory at all levels. The authorities should also make and effort to simplify the relationship between lower-level jawans and their seniors and bosses,\" Nath said.Personnel of most armed police forces in the state lead stressful lives because of the nature of their duty and alleged bad treatment meted out to them by seniors, according to a senior police official. In many cases, this frustration has resulted in jawans committing suicide or losing their cool and indulging in criminal acts, said the official, adding the issue has been referred to the top brass many times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16597407", "title": "Law and order is good, says Haryana CM", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as Haryana is shaken by incidents of gang rapes, one being a minor, chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda feels the law and order situation in the state is good and that \"untoward incidents happen everywhere, not only in Haryana\". Hooda reacted 10 days after the gangrape of a 16-year-old dalit girl came to light in Hisar, followed by the gangrape of a woman in Jind.And, another gang rape of a minor, which happened on Thursday, was reported late on Friday evening.Criticised from all quarters for not coming out with an explanation for the lawlessness gripping the state, Hooda addressed newsmen here on Friday. While the rape of the dalit girl \u2014 that happened on September 9 \u2014 came to light on September 18, when her father committed suicide following threats from the accused, another woman was gang-raped in Jind district on September 21. All the accused in the two cases are yet to be nabbed.\"I do not agree that law and order situation is deteriorating in Haryana. Such incidents happen everywhere. Haryana is attracting investment only because the situation is better here,\" he said.\"Crime has no caste. Our stand is clear, every criminal has to be punished,\" said Hooda, when asked about the rising number of attacks on dalits.Quizzed on the delay in arrests, Hooda said, \"Some arrests have been made and nobody would be spared. These are clear instructions from the government.\"\"Haryana has 85.6% disposal rate of cases,\" said Hooda. \"How long can a criminal be on the run and avoid punishment? It is a vast country, but nobody will be spared,\" he said, on allegations that many of the accused are still on the run.When asked why Haryana DGP is not being shifted despite a spate of crime, Hooda said, \"He is nearing his retirement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16594781", "title": "Pandals make 'light' of power crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: Around 3.6 to 3.8 lakh units of electricity have been consumed by Ganesh pandals in the city this year. With organisers of these pandals across Hyderabad trying to outdo each other in terms of arrangements, many pandal organisers said that their expenditure on lighting has increased at least by 10%from last year. APCPDCL officials said that this time the amount collected from the many Ganesh pandals in the city for temporary supply is nearly Rs 1 lakh more than the previous year.A G Satish Kumar , chief general manager of APCPDCL metro zone said, \"This year we have collected around Rs 25 lakh from the organisers of the pandals till now while last year it was a little over Rs 24 lakh. The figure this time may even cross Rs 25 lakh as it needs to be updated further.\" He added that the amount collected from the north circle which includes Secunderabad, Bowenpally, Sanath Nagar, Chilkalguda and Tarnaka, formed the bigger share with nearly Rs 16 lakh being collected from there alone.Kumar said that based on the amount collected, it could be estimated that anything between 3.6 to 3.8 lakh units of power were utilised by Ganesh pandals alone over the last ten days. An average house uses around six to eight units of power daily.However, the above figure may not accurately reflect the total power consumed by pandals as some organisers said that the practice of installing more lights than they paid for is rampant among many puja committees. \"We need to pay a fixed amount to APCPDCL for the lighting arrangement we require. Anything over 500 watts costs Rs 1,500 and another Rs 750 is to be paid for extra 500 watts. Many people pay only Rs 2,250 and end up installing a couple of extra lights without paying the amount,\" said S Narayan (name changed), a Ganesh pandal organiser at Secunderabad.Many pandals this year have upped their lighting arrangements by throwing in a couple of extra halogen lamps. M Sai Baba, chairman of the committee that sets up the pandal at Chappal Bazaar, Kacheguda said, \"Last time we spent around Rs 25,000 on the lighting, but this time the amount has crossed Rs 30,000. We have added more lights making it a total of 10 halogen lamps along with hundreds of smaller serial bulbs and decoration lights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16596162", "title": "Railways to levy 3.708% service tax on AC tickets from Oct 1", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railways will implement 3.708% service tax on tickets of AC classes of travel from October 1. The service tax will be levied only on tickets booked on October 1 and after. In a correction issued, railways said that no extra charges will be put on tickets booked prior to October 1. The tickets of AC-I, Executive Class, AC-II, AC-III, AC chair car, AC economy class and First Class will cost more from October 1. In case of cancellation of tickets issued on or after October 1, the applicable amount including service tax to be refunded by Railways. Besides, parcel and freight charges will also go up by 3.708%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16594447", "title": "3 students of Sanskaar Valley booked beating junior", "text": "BHOPAL: The police on Friday have booked three students of the Sanskaar Valley School for allegedly beating a junior on the school premises. The incident took place on September 26.The victim, Parth Chaturvedi, a student of class IX, was allegedly harassed and severely beaten by three students of class XI over some dispute.Ratibad police said a case has been registered under Sections 341 (wrongful restraint), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 325 (punishment for causing grievous injuries) of the IPC against the three students.The student sustained severe injuries and fractures in the incident and was admitted to a private hospital. The school management later admitted that the incident did take place.Of the three accused, one comes from a political family and other one is the son of a club owner. The police said the students would now be summoned to carry out further investigations.Victim's father Rajesh Chaturvedi told TOI, \"My son is being harassed by these three students for the past two years. Earlier, when the three manhandled Parth, I told my son to ignore them.\"On September 26, the three thrashed Parth and tried to drag him to toilet when my son was going to practice for school's foundation day function. The accused did not let Parth go even after a teacher intervened, he said.My son is not the only victim of the harassment. A few parents of other students also contacted me and informed that the accused also tortured their wards.As a father I expect the school management to ensure my son's safety, Chaturvedi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16600413", "title": "New semi-naked pics of Kate published in mag", "text": "Shocking new photos of a semi-naked Duchess Kate on holiday have emerged.The images, taken during her recent private break in France with hubby Prince William, were published in Danish gossip magazine Se Og Hor, the Mirror reported.The pictures show the 30-year-old sunbathing on a balcony at the couple's chateau lovenest.Kate is topless in some and in others has a towel wrapped round her shoulders as she tries to put on a pair of bikini bottoms.Scanned images of the Danish mag's photos have also begun to appear online.Se Og Hor (See and Hear) published 16 pages of the controversial photos last week and returned with more this week.The magazine editor Kim Henningsen said the magazine had been offered 240 pictures in total.He said he wanted to show Denmark's entertainment fans \"what these photos are all about.\"Henningsen declined to say who sold them to the weekly or how much money they paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16595113", "title": "China border bash likely to get delayed for 'month of war'", "text": "GUWAHATI: China is likely to postpone the celebrations of Maitree Divas, the annual Sino-Indian friendship day that falls on Chinese National Day on October 1. The change has been made keeping in mind the fact that the border conflict will complete its 50th year 19 days later, i.e. October 20.On Maitree Divas, People's Liberation Army plays host to Indian soldiers and civilians on the Chinese side of the border beyond Tawang. This time, the trans-border get-together, which first began in 1999, may take place in DecemberA source said, \"The celebrations this time will be delayed from the Chinese side because the day of Maitri Divas falls in the \"month of the war\", most probably till December,\" said a source.The Sino-Indian War will complete its 50th year this October and the Chinese are believed to avoid any kind of celebration on the month the war broke out. There are different dates about the start of the war. According to some, the first gun battle was on October 10 at Yumtso La at 15,000 feet. For others, Chinese troops launched the first attack on October 20 on the banks of Namka Chu River. Chinese troops reached up to Tezpur in Assam and retreated after declaring ceasefire on November 21.The armies of the two countries hold special border meetings on the eastern side of the border every year. India hosts Chinese military officials, their families and civilians on August 15.Every year, Chinese border troops beyond the Kameng Sector invite their Indian counterparts to join them in their celebrations of National Day on October 1 near Bum La in Tawang district of Arunachal Pradesh. Indian army officers, soldiers, along with their families, join their Chinese counterparts in the celebrations on the Chinese side across the Line of Actual Control (LAC).\"Border personnel meetings (BPMs) at Bum La play a pivotal role in enhancing the bonhomie between the two emerging Asian giants along the Sino-Indian border. It is a vital platform for resolving local issues with a view to enhance peace and tranquility in the sector. These interactions between the Indian and Chinese armies started initially with a flag meeting and later transformed into Border Personnel Meeting since May 30, 1999. Since then, it has become a regular event here,\" the source said.The source said, battalions of the Indian army, which took part in the war will observe October 20 in their own units. \"The army is not going to observe the 50 years of the war centrally but those battalions involved will observe the battle honours they received on their own,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596473", "title": "State govt mulls taking over charge of Pachaiyappa\u2019s Trust", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government is considering to temporarily take over the administration of the 170-year-old Pachaiyappa's Trust. The matter was discussed at a meeting of higher education department officials with minister P Palaniappan last week.With the resignation of five of the nine members from the trust board early this year, it has lost quorum and is unable to take decisions. The trust runs six colleges in the state, including Pachaiyappa's College, Chennai, one of the oldest in the country. The trust also owns commercial properties on Anna Salai and Second Line Beach Lane in the city.\"A special officer will have to be appointed to take over the matters of the trust. The respective regional joint directors will be in charge of the colleges run by the trust in their regions,\" said an official in the higher education department.Without the requisite numbers in the board, the trust has not been able to appoint heads for colleges run by it or fill teaching and non-teaching vacancies. Teachers said around 250 teaching and non-teaching posts had been vacant for years, including more than 40 in Pachaiyappa's College.The management has also not been able to dip into the trust's funds to take care of the infrastructure needs of the institutions.Getting on board the Pachaiyappa's Trust was considered a matter of prestige since the trust owns properties estimated to be worth more than 5,000 crore. Aca0demics said the trust has not been active for several years. \"There has been no coordination among the board members, so no policy decision has been taken,\" said a member of the Association of University Teachers (AUT).\"This cannot go on for long. Another meeting has been scheduled to discuss the matter. We expect the decision to take over as an ad hoc measure,\" a government official said. The trust has gone to court asking to be retained as a body, while teachers have impleaded themselves in the case asking that the trust be dissolved.With no effort being taken to improve the colleges and set right affairs, faculty members said students had become unruly. Over the last month, several students of Pachaiyappa's College have been picked up by police on charges of perpetrating violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16595428", "title": "Life term for double murder", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A trial court here on Friday sentenced a man to life imprisonment in connection with a double murder that occurred last year in Salia Sahi slum here.The life convict, Somnath alias Bhanja Purty, killed Jangrai Soren (55) and Rama Sahoo (30) on June 5, 2011, over previous enmity. \"Judge Sarojini Mohapatra of fast track court-IV found him guilty and awarded him life imprisonment. He was also fined Rs 3,000,\" associate public prosecutor Pradipta Kumar Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16596234", "title": "FIR lodged against PCMC panel chairman", "text": "PUNE: The Nigdi police have filed a first information report (FIR) against Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation's (PCMC) standing committee chairman Jagdish Shetty, his brother and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) corporator Ulhas Shetty and other civic officials in a case filed by former Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) corporator Bhima Bobade.Bobade has alleged that the Shetty brothers had used fake caste certificates to contest the municipal elections. Senior police inspector of the Nigdi police stationNandkishore Bhosale Patil said on Friday, \"The FIR was lodged as per the directives of the court.\"On Wednesday, the Pimpri court, which gave its ruling on a case filed by Bobade, had directed the Nigdi police to file an FIR against Jagdish and Ulhas, the then returning officer, and other civic officials.Bobade alleged the Shetty brothers had fraudulently obtained caste certificates showing that they belong to the scheduled caste category. Jagdish contested the February 2012 civic polls from ward no 8 -Vidyanagar, while Ulhas Shetty contested the election from ward no 10 - Ajanthanagar-Tuljaivasti. They were elected as NCP corporators.Bobade said he had objected to the filing of nominations of the brothers from wards reserved for SC categorycandidates. But returning officer Madhukant Garad and the then municipal commissioner, Ashish Sharma, allowed them to contest the elections.PCMC additional commissioner Prakash Kadam said, \"We have appealed against the Pimpri court order in the district court.\"While Jagdish could not be contacted despite repeated attempts, Ulhas said, \"I will go through the complaint and decide the future course of action after taking advice from my lawyer. I have not committed any offence and am ready to cooperate with the police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kolkata/haldia", "code": "16597218", "title": "Haldia port on edge, firm alleges assault on workers", "text": "KOLKATA/HALDIA: On Friday, even as the Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) Board of Trustees met in Kolkata to try and resolve the ongoing trouble at Haldia Dock Complex (HDC), Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd claimed that four of its workers and two port employees were assaulted.HBT is a special purpose vehicle of the LDA-ABG combine that is in charge of mechanised handling at berths 2 and 8 of HDC. KoPT has lost nearly Rs 3.6 crore in revenue in the last six days due to suspension of work at these two berths.While HBT CEO Gurpreet Malhi claimed that there was an assault on his workers and port employees on Friday morning after they reported for duty at berths 2 and 8, there was no report that an attempt was made to register a complaint with the local police or take up the matter with the state government.\"I am not aware of any such incident involving KoPT employees. If there was violence, it should have been reported to the police,\" said Manish Jain, officiating chairman, KoPT.HBT is a special purpose vehicle of the LDA-ABG combine that is in charge of mechanised handling at berths 2 and 8 of HDC. It was in 2010 that HBT took up operations at HDC. The background of the trouble at HDC is quite interesting. In 2010, HBT took up operations at HDC under severe threat from those who suspected that KoPT would make a loss. Two years down the line, the importance of HBT has been realised with KoPT earning a revenue of Rs 150 per tonne as royalty from the company. At the same time, there are allegations that HBT has realised its importance and is trying to extract additional favours from the KoPT.In the last couple of years, relations between KoPT and HBT soured with the latter claiming that it wasn't able to handle sufficient cargo to make profits or even break even. In early September, HBT threatened to suspend operations at HDC. This was when KoPT moved a petition at Calcutta High Court, seeking arbitration proceedings. In the arbitration proceedings monitored by the high court, it was decided that KoPT would make efforts to send in more ships to berths 2 and 8.This led to an agitation by workers at other berths who claimed that the decision is illegal.HBT's decision on Monday to retrench 275 workers on Monday added fuel to the fire.All this while KoPT officials requested the stakeholders, including HBT to co-operate and take no steps to aggravate the law and order system.\"It's a critical situation. We don't expect any work to resume at berths 2 and 8 in the next few days. On Friday, the trustees decided to request the state administration to pitch in with some assistance. The district magistrate is to convene a meeting of all stakeholders soon and resolve the issue. There is something wrong with the situation. People are being incited to create trouble at HDC. On Friday, the Board of Trustees again wrote to the stakeholders to maintain the law and order at the port - the only one in Bengal that can handle ships of a respectable size,\" an official at KoPT said.If matters aren't resolved soon, the KoPT may have no other option but to close down operations at HDC. This will not only result in severe loss to West Bengal but to the entire region which is dependent on the port facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16596968", "title": "Scientific landfills cause no harm", "text": "BANGALORE: Subash Menon, who founded telecom software company Subex and who is now focusing on waste management, said landfills needed to be scientifically built to avoid resistance from people living around it.\"If you simply dump garbage on tracts of land, you get the problem of germs and birds, which impact the surroundings,\" Menon said. He said it was necessary to segregate garbage, process all that can be processed, and put only the residue or inerts in the landfill. \"An essential part of a scientific landfill is a bottom layer of clay and sand and a piping system that can filter and drain out the toxic fluids from inerts, process it, and recharge it into the ground,\" he said.Menon's company Kivar Environ is implementing solid waste management projects in three locations: Puducherry (400 tonnes per day), Bhilai-Durg (450 tonnes per day), and Raipur (600 tonnes per day).\"We go door-to-door to collect the waste, transport it, process it (into compost, etc) and deposit the inerts in our scientifically done landfills,\" Menon said.Menon on Thursday relinquished all operational responsibility at Subex, which last year had a revenue of Rs 478 crore. \"My focus will now be on environmental services, which we started three and a half years ago,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16600473", "title": "Benghazi attack 'deliberate, organised and linked' to al-Qaida: US intel", "text": "WASHINGTON: The assault on the US consulate in Libya's Benghazi city was a \"deliberate and organised terrorist attack\" by groups affiliated with or sympathetic to al-Qaida , America's top intelligence agency has said.This is a significant turnaround of the previous version of the attack coming from the Obama Administration that this was a spontaneous protest against an anti-Islam video.The attack resulted in the death of four Americans including the US Ambassador to Libya.\"As we learned more about the attack, we revised our initial assessment to reflect new information indicating that it was a deliberate and organized terrorist attack carried out by extremists,\" Shawn Turner, the spokesman for the Director of National Intelligence, said in a statement.\"It remains unclear if any group or person exercised overall command and control of the attack, and if extremist group leaders directed their members to participate. However, we do assess that some of those involved were linked to groups affiliated with or sympathetic to al-Qaida,\" he said.In the unusual statement 17 days after the terrorist attack on US personnel and facilities in Benghazi, Turner said the intelligence community launched a comprehensive effort to determine the circumstances surrounding the assault and to identity the perpetrators and reviewed all available intelligence to determine if there might be follow-on attacks against US people or facilities in Libya or elsewhere.In the immediate aftermath of the attack on the Benghazi Consulate, the statement said, there was information that led the intelligence community to assess that the attack began spontaneously following protests earlier that day at US Embassy in Cairo.\"We continue to make progress, but there remain many unanswered questions. As more information becomes available our analysis will continue to evolve and we will obtain a more complete understanding of the circumstances surrounding the terrorist attack,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16597570", "title": "Swine flu claims 1 life, afflicts 2 others", "text": "LUDHIANA: A day after a middle-aged man from Atam Nagar, Jagjit Singh, died of swine flu at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), two more patients tested positive for the disease and are battling for life at the same hospital. The health authorities, however, say that they had already provided doses of \"Tamiflu\" to the patients' kin.State nodal officer for swine flu Dr Deepak Bhatia explained: \"H1N1 is endemic, which means it spreads amidst a particular group - family and relatives of the infected patient. Tamiflu has also been administered to the two patients who are admitted at DMCH, and are critical. Their relatives, too, were given preventive treatment.\"On ways to prevent the flu from spreading, Dr Deepak said: \"Swine flu virus is airborne, which is why it is important to cover the mouth when sneezing or coughing. Respiratory hygiene is necessary. We have sufficient stock of Tamiflu vaccine, in thousands.\"Alerting people to seek treatment in case of any symptoms, epidemiologist Dr Anil Verma said: \"H1NI infection produces symptoms similar to that of common flu - high-grade fever, running nose, sore throat, bodyache, diarrhoea and vomiting. We advise residents to get screening done immediately if such symptoms persist. Wash hands frequently and maintain a distance from any patient who suffers from high fever. But there is no need to panic since we are ready for all eventualities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "16597447", "title": "Aircraft carrying Everest trekkers crashes, 19 killed", "text": "KATHMANDU: All nineteen people onboard a small plane were killed in Nepal when it caught fire and crashed soon after take off on Friday.The plane was flying to Lukla, the gateway to the Everest region. Seven British, five Chinese and four Nepali passengers along with three Nepali crew member were on board the aircraft. The British nationals were on a 13-day trek to Everest base camp.\"A bird hit the plane during take off and this was a contributing factor,\" said general manager of Tribhuwan International Airport Ratish Chandra Lal Suman. An eye witnesses said the plane was on fire as it took off and landed about 20 metres from a settlement of squatters at a riverbank. A black eagle that hit the plane was recovered in several pieces.\"After the bird struck, the control was not smooth,\" Suman said. \"We are investigating whether the proper procedure was followed or not after the bird struck. The black box has been recovered.\"The bodies were charred beyond recognition.The same aircraft was scheduled to make three flights to Lukla on Friday and this was the first flight of the German made Dornier aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595362", "title": "Shopkeeper killed in Outer Delhi, woman shot at", "text": "NEW DELHI: A murder and an attempt to murder were reported from the Outer Delhi district within an hour on Thursday night. The area has gained notoriety in recent days with a string of murders, including the Rohini triple murder last week.Police said a small-time businessman who was in financial straits was killed by unidentified men in Kureti village of Narela. Riyazuddin was shot eight times \u2014 five times in the chest and stomach \u2014 and died on the spot.\"Riyazuddin ran a shop in his house and also dealt in construction material but had suffered setbacks recently. On Thursday night, he heard some neighbours quarrelling and came out to enquire but was shot at. He was declared dead on arrival at Babu Jagjivan Ram Hospital,'' said an officer.Family sources alleged that an argument over Rs 4,500 he owed to an acquaintance led to the murder.DCP (Outer) BS Jaiswal said that the killers have been identified. \"We hope to arrest them very soon,'' he said.In another incident, a 22-year-old woman was shot at in Samaipur Badli by one of her neighbours, allegedly her brother's enemy. The woman, identified as Tabassum, is stated to be out of danger after doctors removed the bullet from her shoulder.\"We were in the room when my brother said a neighbour had threatened him after the two had an argument. Minutes later, this man returned with two of his friends and then threatened my brother with dire consequences. He and his accomplices then fired two shots. One hit the wall, the second hit my sister. She was rushed to the hospital,'' said Taiba, the victim's sister. Police have registered a case at Samaipur Badli and a search is on for the accused, said DCP Jaiswal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16595118", "title": "Reading FC to send two coaches to Arunachal Pradesh", "text": "ITANAGAR: The leading football club of Europe - Reading FC - is sending two highly qualified, well-known coaches to Arunachal Pradesh to train the budding footballers of the state.The coach duo - Eamonn Dolan, director of Reading Football Academy and his deputy Lee Heron - is arriving here on September 30 next, official sources informed on Friday.This has come as a boon for the football frenzy state, more so as the Tadar Tang Memorial State Level Football Tournament is currently underway at Rajiv Gandhi Stadium, Naharlagun.A four-member delegation of Reading FC from the UK, including the CEO and the director, had earlier called on Tuki in New Delhi and expressed keen interest in exploring the potential football talent in the state as well as grooming promising local players.In a letter to the chief minister's office here, Tomo Nomuk, adviser of reading FC, informed that the Reading Football Club is sending two very competent coaches to assess Arunachal football and watch the semifinals and the finals of the Tadar Tang Memorial Tournament, sources said.Normally, the director of Reading Football Academy doesn't travel, but just because the chief minister was so enthusiastic about football, the Reading FC has sent him, sources said quoting the letter.In the meeting in New Delhi, Reading FC had offered to send two coaches immediately at its own expense for preliminary assessment of the football scenario in Arunachal. The club observed that as the most sought after state-level football tournament is on at the moment, this would be the right time to assess local potential.If the Reading FC coaches see substantial football potential in Arunachal Pradesh, the club will place two qualified coaches in the state on a permanent basis to train players as well as hunt for talent. All the talented players will then be trained at the highest level at Reading Football Academy in the UK free of cost, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16599270", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi festival:'Police Mitra' help cops with security challenges", "text": "PUNE: In a socially pro-active initiative Pune Police, confronted with spectre of terrorist violence, roped in about 5,000 college students to aid them in maintaining law and order during the ten-day Ganesh Chaturthi festival which concluded on Saturday.Called \" Police Mitra\", the young boys and girls kept a constant vigil during heavy crowding at thousands of Sarvajanik Ganesh mandals dotting the city after undergoing training at a ten day camp prior to Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations that commenced on September 19.Sporting red T-shirts provided by the authorities as a mark of identification, the volunteers who joined hands with the men in uniform to monitor surging crowds turning out every day to enjoy tableaux at the Ganesh pandals, went about their assigned duties with a youthful exuberance keeping a watchful eye on suspicious objects as well as on eve teasers.Pune Police commissioner Gulabrao Pol said, \"The student cops will be encouraged to spread public awareness about possible threats even after the Ganesh celebrations are over.\"Coming as it did, the Ganesh festival this year was ominously preceded by the August 1 serial bomb explosions on the arterial JM road, rattling the police force still smarting under the German bakery terrorist attack in the city two years back.Faced with a continuing man power shortage and weighed down by enhanced security concerns, police authorities here toyed with the idea of recruiting social minded volunteers who were drawn from about 100 colleges in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595480", "title": "Recruit special educators in 4 months: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Irked by the delay in recruitment of special educators, the Delhi high court laid down a four month deadline on Friday for the government to finish the process. Justice Rajiv Shakdher also warned that in case the Delhi government fails to meet the deadline this time, the court won't hesitate to summon the chief secretary and other department heads for a personal explanation.It was hearing a contempt petition filed by Social Jurist through advocate Ashok Agarwal accusing the government of ignoring court orders on filling up the vacancies. The NGO pointed out that despite court orders, government and MCD schools suffered from non availability of special educators even though the court had given six months time to wrap up the recruitment.HC had directed the government to de-recognize private schools which do not appoint special educators for children with disabilities and make their premises barrier-free. Schools were given time till March-end to make their premises barrier-free.The court's order had come on a PIL where Social Jurist pointed out that 2039 unaided private schools and 258 aided schools lack basic physical and academic infrastructure, including special educators for those suffering from blindness, hearing impairment or mental retardation. \"The failure on the part of these unaided and aided schools to have these facilities in place violates the fundamental and human right to education of the children with disabilities as guaranteed to them by the Constitution, RTE Act (2009) and UN Convention on the Rights of the Persons with Disabilities (2008),\" the PIL had argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "16597755", "title": "Daily wager couple get gift of their life", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Life has come full circle for this Marwadi couple this World Heart Day.After 12 years of longing, Kanchan and Lala Marwadi had just started celebrating joy of parenthood with the birth of their first child Alok, four months ago. But their happiness was to be momentary. Misery struck them when Alok started suffering from frequent illnesses and often turned blue while exerting.The couple, who migrated from Rajasthan to Valetava near Nadiad in Kheda district in search of employment, received shock of their life when they were told that their child was suffering from ventricular and atrial septal defect (VASD), a congenital condition of heart which requires an open heart surgery.The daily wager couple working at a tobacco farm had no means to afford such a costly treatment. But thanks to doctors at Bhanubhai &amp; Madhuben Patel Cardiac Centre at Karamsad's Shree Krishna Hospital, the couple's precious child has been saved.Alok was brought to the hospital with serious indications that required specialized intensive care and ventilator support.Doctors had diagnosed him with pneumonia and later detected that he was suffering from VASD, a condition of heart where the lungs receives blood much more than what they can cope up with.\"We had told the couple that we can handle such complex cardiac conditions where the child was on ventilator support and was suffering from pneumonia. The couple was planning to discontinue the treatment of their child. They wanted to take discharge against medical advice. When our panel of doctors and management probed the matter, we came to know that as daily wager they were not in a position to afford such treatment,\" chief cardiac surgeon at the cardiac centre Dr Dhiren Dave told TOI.As part of their policy, the hospital authorities decided to take up the responsibility of Alok's entire treatment. Dave and his team successfully conducted the surgery. Alok came out of danger last week and will be discharged on Saturday, the World Heart Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16596137", "title": "Now, visit the secretariat only on 2 days", "text": "PANAJI: Visitors' access to the chief minister, ministers and secretaries in the minister's block and secretariat in Porvorim will now only be for two days in a week- Monday and Friday. This has been done to ensure that visitors do not disturb the working atmosphere, stated a circular issued by the general administration department (GAD).This decision was taken after security arrangements in the secretariat building and ministerial block were reviewed by the GAD.\"As per the new security arrangements, all heads of department/officers and their staff should note that Wednesday, being a day for government business, is \"no visitor day\", so as to ensure that the chief minister/ministers and officers/officials are able to devote their full time to urgent, important issues,\" stated the press released issued by the directorate of information and publicity.Monday and Friday are declared \"visitors' day\", and visitors may visit the chief minister, ministers and other officers/officials after getting a pass from the reception.The GAD has also introduced a coloured pass system to clarify as to whom the visitor is going to meet, so that they do not loiter in the secretariat and disturb those who are working. \"Tuesday and Thursday will be officers day for discussing various official issues with the chief minister/ministers during the morning session from 9.30 am to 11 am,\" the GAD circular stated.GAD has also introduced three different coloured passes. Visitors visiting CM's office will be issued a pink coloured pass, a yellow coloured pass will be reserved for those visiting ministers' offices, and white passes for visitors to other officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "16597379", "title": "Teacher held for molesting teen", "text": "BARRACKPORE: A 48-year-old schoolteacher, who is also a former CPM councillor, was arrested for allegedly molesting a 15-year-old student at Kanchrapara near North 24 Parganas' Bijpur on Thursday night.Dilip Kumar Shaw, the accused teacher of Hindi of Kanchrapara Janata High school and the ex-councillor of ward no. 6 of Kanchrapara Municipality, allegedly lured the girl to his Ghatak Road house after the end of the school hours on Thursday on the pretext of giving her some books and molested her. The girl's family members have lodged a complaint with the Bijpur police station on Thursday evening.The victim, a Class-X student and a resident of Nadia's Kalyani, from an underprivileged family requested Shaw to give her some books a few days back. \"On Thursday afternoon, after the school was over Shaw told the girl to accompany him to his residence for the books. The girl, who hails from an underprivileged family, decided to go to her teacher's place. belongs to a very needy family and she already got some helps from other teachers because of which she gladly accompanied the teacher to his home.Since nobody was present at home, Shaw took advantage of the situation and molested herBut no family member of the teacher was present in the house at that time. Taking advantage of that situation Shaw molested her,\" alleged a relative of the girl. According to the complaint, the teacher also tried to rape the girl.The girl somehow managed to flee from the teacher's house and narrated her plight to her parents after returning home. The victim's kin then went to the Bijpur PS and lodged a complaint.The school authorities said that the committee there has taken the matter seriously. \"It is very unfortunate that a teacher of our school has been accused of molesting a student. The school authorities are also looking into the matter seriously.If the teacher is found guilty, we will take action against him,\" said Girish Chandra Ghosh, the headmaster of the Kanchrapara Janata High school.\"The teacher was arrested on the basis of a complaint lodged by the girl's family members. He was produced in the court on Friday,\" said Suvankar Bhattacharya, additional deputy commissioner of police, Barrackpore. Shaw was remanded in judicial custody for 14 days. after being produced before the Barrackpore court on Friday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595392", "title": "Matheran toy train trip to be cut by 30 mins", "text": "MUMBAI: After successfully carrying out trail to run during the monsoon for limited stretch of 3 km, Central Railway has aims to curtail the travel time between 21 Km Neral-Matheran by 30 minutes.Central Railway General Manager Subodh Jain said, \"We have now planned to undertake work of strengthening the track system that help us augment the speed. As of now, it takes 2 hours to travel the 21 km stretch between Neral and Matheran. We plan to bring it down to 1.30 to 1.45 hours.\"As of now, the commissioner of railway safety has imposed a speed restriction of 12 kmph. After the strengthening of tracks, CR aims to increase the speed to 16 kmph, which will help in curtailing the travel time. The cost of the project is estimated to be Rs 3-4 crore for which funds will be provided by Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority ( MMRDA).On Sept 29, CR will run the toy train trail for the first time during the monsoon on the 106 year old Matheran Light Rail (MLR). Apart from 10 shuttle services on 3 km stretch between Aman Lodge and Matheran, CR will also run additional 10 regular services between Neral and Matheran .\"On Indian Railways, the Hill train are suspended during the monsoon for safety reasons. Jain said, \"The topography of the hill through which the toy trains runs in various parts of India is not similar. However, the CR's success in running the train in monsoon can be replicated on other hill railways.\"CR also plans to increase the number of services after it is able to deploy more locomotive on this stretch. It also plans to curtail the monsoon period (mid-June to mid-October).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595357", "title": "Tower spooks poor colony", "text": "NEW DELHI: Radiation from mobile phone towers is no longer a worry for only the educated and upwardly-mobile residents. Even the poorer sections relocated to the fringes of the city are waking up to the potential health hazards of having cellphone towers near their locality. Residents of Savda Ghewra, pitched as the largest resettlement in northwest Delhi, have joined hands to protest against a mobile phone tower placed precariously above a three-storey structure. The tower is in proximity to over 7,000 dwelling units home to 45,000 residents. The locals are expected to file a petition with the Delhi government soon.On Friday, worried residents wanted to know about the effects of radiation at a Jan Sunvai (public hearing) organized by NGO Child Survival India. Issues related to health, sanitation and development were taken up at the meeting held at the B-Block community centre in the resettlement, which came up in 2006. It is another matter that Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board (DUSIB),which is responsible for development here, is yet to take action against the owner of the property where the tower is being erected. Residents say work on the tower began on Thursday.At the hearing, residents drew attention to the tower over what was once a small plot meant to rehabilitate a slum dweller. Residents said the plot had been sold off in violation of the norms which prohibit sale and purchase of property in the resettlement.The residents questioned the only state functionary available at the hearing about the hazards of radiation. Dr Mukesh from Sanjay Gandhi Hospital, the state-run facility visited by residents of the resettlement outside Savda Ghewra, skirted the question. \"This is a controversial issue and I am not authorized to give an opinion on whether mobile phone towers are hazardous are not,\" he said. At this, one Mohd Shahid jumped to his feet and said residents had the right to know about the health issues. Most residents nodded in agreement and were anxious to know how the tower in C-Block would impact the health of their families.Laxmi Narayan, another resident, said residents were not against mobile towers per se. \"Residents have been wanting a tower for some time now as cellphones are their only link to the outside world. But we did not want it to come up over a nearby plot. We keep hearing about radiation on TV and newspapers. This is worrying us,\" Narayan said. Narendra Singh Negi from B-Block said he had submitted a complaint about the upcoming tower to the officials in charge last week. \"About 50 residents have signed the letter. The officials assured us that action will be taken. Still, the tower is coming up,\" he added.Though the resettlement still without piped water supply, sewer lines, adequate public toilets, parks and a health centre, most departments gave the meeting a miss. Savita Gupta, project coordinator for the Savda project from Child Survival India, told the residents that most departments had expressed their inability to come for the hearing on some ground or another, Those invited for the hearing included the area's municipal councillor, SHO, officials from the horticulture department, DUSIB, deputy commissioner (west) municipal corporation, Delhi Jal Board and medical superintendent of Sanjay Gandhi Memorial Hospital. However, only Sanjay Gandhi Hospital sent a doctor to address the residents. A municipal official of junior rank did come but left in a huff, saying he had a meeting to attend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16596988", "title": "COTMA members withdraw protest as govt gives in to some of their demands", "text": "COIMBATORE: The members of Coimbatore Tirupur District Micro Entrerpreneurs Association have temporarily called off their indefinite protest staged against severe power crisis in the state.The protest that entered its second day on Friday saw over 300 members taking part in the indefinite one day fast in Coimbatore. However, following the assurance from government to respond positively to some of their demands, the association decided to call off the strike temporarily.Speaking to TOI, S Ravikumar, president, COTMA, said the indefinite protest was called off following the assurance from the government to give in to some of the demands raised by them. He said the association had demanded the implementation of uniform power cuts and the purchase of more power from exchanges or private parties.\"Chief Engineer Thangavelu, who met with us in the evening requested us to call off the protest. He said that the government was planning to increase the number of power cuts in Chennai and the energy saved would be utilised to power areas where there is a concentration of industries,\" said Ravikumar.He further said that the government has assured the purchase of power from private parties to manage the present crisis. The government has already floated tenders to purchase 1000mw of energy, he added.\"We will wait and watch for 15 days. If the government does nothing substantial to resolve the issue the association will go on a one day fast along with their families,\" he said. If the present situation continues, many units will be forced to close down leaving several people unemployed, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16597451", "title": "Nashik group gets special mention at international architectural meet", "text": "NASHIK: A city group, called 'Spandan', was conferred Honourable Mention at an international competition titled 'Horizontal Farming' held in New Delhi. organized by Architecture Workshop in Rome (Italy) at Delhi.More than one thousand architectural groups had participated in the contest which was organized by Architecture Workshop in Rome (Italy).\"A significant factor was that we had to present our theme on a single sheet of paper. There were eight people on the jury comprising four Indian and four international jurors. Our presentation was called 'Cloud of Pixels', said Samruddha Mogul, a member of the group.The group including Shailesh Devi, Rohit Fegde, Samruddha, Shantanu Autade, Ajay Sonar and Anagha Patil had worked on their concept for three months. While the competition had three winners, four other participating groups were given Honourable Mention. Spandan was one of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16597981", "title": "Couples who share housework more likely to divorce: Study", "text": "LONDON: Want to avoid divorce? Then, let your wife do the chores! In a study that might upset advocates of gender-equality, researchers have found that divorce rates are far higher among 'modern' couples who share the housework than in those where the woman does the lion's share of the chores.The Norwegian study found that the divorce rate among couples who shared housework equally was around 50% higher than among those where the woman did most of the work, The Telegraph reported.\"What we've seen is that sharing equal responsibility for work in the home doesn't necessarily contribute to contentment,\" said Thomas Hansen, co-author of the study entitled 'Equality in the Home'. The lack of correlation between equality at home and quality of life was surprising, the researcher said.\"One would think break-ups would occur more often in families with less equality at home, but our statistics show the opposite,\" he was quoted as saying by the paper.The study found that more chores a man does in the home, the higher the divorce rate. The reasons, Hansen said, lay only partially with the chores themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16595592", "title": "CS to undergo minor surgery", "text": "LUCKNOW: To avoid further controversy over his absence from work, a cautious Jawed Usmani had his office issue an official release regarding his medical condition. An official note issued on Friday evening said Jawed Usmani, the chief secretary of the state will undergo a minor surgery on Saturday, September 29, following a head injury that he had suffered during his personal visit to the US in August. The release said that the surgery is \"necessary to drain out some fluid below the dura-mater in the skull, which is a common consequence of head injuries.\"Putting an end to any rumour mongering even before he proceeds on leave, it clarified that though Usmani will be on leave till October 12, he will remain in Lucknow for the entire duration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16596882", "title": "Will Shettar obey or defy SC?", "text": "BANGALORE: Will chief minister Jagadish Shettar dare to defy the Supreme Court order to release 9,000 cusecs of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu?The current situation is a throwback to 2002 when S M Krishna, then chief minister of Karnataka, faced the similar dilemma that Shettar faces today. The Cauvery dispute had reached a flashpoint when the Supreme Court directed the Karnataka government headed by Krishna to honour the order of the Cauvery River Authority and release 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu every day.Krishna, however, refused to obey the order. Instead, he embarked on a defiant padayatra along with his wife, to meet the aggrieved people and farmers on the banks of the Cauvery river. Krishna, who hails from the Cauvery belt of Mandya, took a calculated risk hoping to emerge as a farmers' leader. But it was not to be. He suffered a humiliating defeat in the 2004 hustings.With assembly elections round the corner, Shettar finds himself in a tight spot. In defying the Supreme Court order, chances are he may turn into an icon among farmers and may find himself pushed on to the national stage. The highly emotive issue could also slightly bolster the prospects of BJP in the coming elections.filed by Manu/Cleared by Naheed/ed bindu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16596187", "title": "Pawar douses NCP fire, but Ajit still fumes", "text": "MUMBAI: NCP president Sharad Pawar on Friday brought the curtains down on the 72-hour drama that rattled the 13-year-old Congress-NCP government by asking the chief minister to accept his deputy Ajit Pawar's resignation. He also directed the 19 other ministers who had offered to quit in solidarity to return to work on Saturday.\"I have no differences with my nephew Ajit, we are a united family. So no masala on a family rift for the media,\" Pawar said after the NCP legislature party meeting.He also obliquely defended the huge cost escalations in irrigation projects during Ajit Pawar's stewardship and called for a white paper on the issue as early as possible.State Congress chief Manikrao Thakre said there would not be any adverse impact on the coalition.But clouds remained as a senior NCP minister said Ajit Pawar pointed out how CM Prithviraj Chavan has been targeting the NCP and strongly favoured quitting the coalition and supporting it from outside.The NCP is unlikely to fill the post of deputy CM, as Ajit Pawar wished, and may allocate his portfolios to senior ministers to avoid a reshuffle.The crisis seems to have blown over for now, but reports from the firefighting meetings Sharad Pawar held through the day indicated that dark clouds persist.Even the dozen independent legislators who had threatened to withdraw support to the government if Ajit Pawar quit softened their stand.Ajit Pawar apparently wants his energy portfolio to go to higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope and finance and planning to rural development minister Jayant Patil.On Friday, Sharad Pawar held a separate meeting with Ajit Pawar, the first since his nephew quit abruptly on Tuesday as deputy CM after reports on rampant irregularities in irrigation projects when he held the portfolio from 1999 to 2009, at the Worli residence of senior leader Parful Patel. In attendance was Patel and Pawar's daughter Supriya Sule.Earlier, he had had a long discussion with NCP ministers on the political situation and at around 4.30pm, he attended the legislators' party meet at Vidhan Bhavan.In his brief speech, Ajit Pawar said he would not take oath as a cabinet member until he was cleared of all charges. \"My conscience is clear. It was the biggest-ever conspiracy against me and my party. I urge the CM to bring out the white paper as early as possible, let the people of Maharashtra decide whether I am corrupt or clean,\" Ajit Pawar said.\"I am in favour of a white paper on the status of irrigation projects in the state. I will request (CM) Chavan to bring it out as early as possible so that the truth can come out,\" said Sharad Pawar.The party chief, who had made it clear from the first day of the crisis that the Chavan government was under no threat, on Friday played a tune that would please Ajit Pawar. In a rambling take on irrigation projects, he seemed to defend the massive cost escalations in irrigation projects.There are several hurdles between the administrative approval of a project and final execution, leading to cost escalation of projects, he explained. \"Besides huge cost of administration, the government has to pay a massive cost for land acquisition, rehabilitation of project-affected persons and implementation of guidelines prescribed by the environment department,\" he said.But Sharad Pawar's role as peace-maker is unlikely to be short. Reports said during the meetings, Ajit Pawar said it was high time the NCP withdrew from the coalition government and offered external support. \"Chavan dissolved the state cooperative bank controlled by the NCP, defamed the NCP over the hike in cost of irrigation projects and soon there will be administrators for major cooperative institutions controlled by the NCP. Under such circumstances, we must quit the government and support it externally. If you (Sharad Pawar) don't agree with me, I will choose my own path,\" a senior minister quoted Ajit Pawar as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16596294", "title": "State neglecting leprosy eradication: Expert", "text": "PUNE: The leprosy eradication programme has not been taken seriously by the state movement, according to Pradip Gaikwad, former state joint director of health services, while addressing a news conference here on Friday. Gaikwad said the government is neglecting leprosy eradication and said it should be included in the general health services scheme of the government, which will help eliminate leprosy from the state. Gaikwad suggested making door-to-door visits by general health staff of the state a must in detecting prevalence of leprosy.Sharadchandra Gokhale, president of the city-based International Leprosy Union (ILU) also addressed the news conference to announce the programmes to mark the World Leprosy Day on October 2.Gaikwad, who joined the ILU after retiring from the state health department (leprosy division) recently, said, \"The government must focus on creating awareness about leprosy and the aim should be to inform, educate and communicate. It is disappointing to note that that while elimination of leprosy was achieved in the state in 2005,there has been a constant rise in the number of cases detected from 2007 onwards.\"Gaikwad said, \"The government's concentration is more towards heart diseases, malaria , hernia, etc, and very less attention is paid to leprosy eradication which is increasingly become serious in the state.\"Up to 2005, there were 12,000 cases of leprosy in Maharashtra and now the number has risen to 18,000. This means, there is an average increase of 1,000 cases each year. Gaikwad said 45% of these patients were women while 12% were children.Every village in the state has a health centre and about four-five staff at every centre. \"The team conducts door-to-door visits for health check-ups. Gaikwad suggested that during these visits, the team should also ask if any of the family members have displayed symptoms of leprosy. Screening can also be conducted so that at least detection of leprosy is done at personal level.\"Gokhale said, \"It's necessary that the government creates awareness about leprosy for timely diagnosis in order to help prevention and also promoting proactive policies for control and elimination of the diseases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16596718", "title": "Amit Shah at home with 145 seats target", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Firecrackers, loud music and hundreds of BJP workers holding candles marked Gujarat's former junior home minister Amit Shah's welcome at his house in Naranpura on Friday. State BJP leaders, ministers and corporators, including Purshottam Rupala, Anandiben Patel and Bhupendrasinh Chudasma, were present to receive Shah.On Thursday, Supreme Court gave a breather to Shah, an accused in Sohrabuddin Sheikh encounter case, by allowing him to come to Gujarat.\"I went to Somnath temple first and prayed to god for BJP's biggest victory in Gujarat till date which would be a reply to the Congress government at the Centre,\" said Shah. Even though he refrained from making statements against CBI, other leaders present did not mince words on the issue.\"For the last two years I was languishing outside Gujarat and in this period have traveled to several states. BJP workers everywhere have told me that its time to throw out Congress government from the Centre and that they have great faith on Narendra Modi,\" said Shah.He said that the developmental work in villages and cities of Gujarat under chief minister Narendra Modi speaks for itself and the party will win around 145 seats in the upcoming elections.\"I don't want to talk politics but the Congress will get an answer soon. I have been weak several times in the last two years but the party leaders and workers have stood by me and my family,\" said Shah.BJP MP Rupala accused Congress government of misusing CBI. \"Congress has been using CBI to target BJP leaders and workers. On such example is Shah but we will be victorious despite all the undemocratic ways of the Congress,\" said Rupala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16596776", "title": "Vendors to be allotted legal biz space soon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: AMC commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra has recently written to the city police commissioner, informing that street vendors are being provided electronic identity proofs according to the national street vendors' policy, which allows them to do business legally at a designated place. \"Authorities would now have to ensure that the vendors produce their identity proof and certificate if they are noticed operating from a place,\" says Mohapatra.Another major development is that in the revised town planning maps, the AMC would designate and reserve specific areas as \"vending zones'. tnn\"The issue of whether the vendors will be stop being harassed by the respective authorities is yet to be seen. As per the policy, the new identity cards and certificates allows them to operate from a place. To start with, we have designated small areas in an area where they have been relocated. Vendors along the 14 odd model roads are being relocated to new locations,\" says Mohapatra.There are a total of 88,000 street vendors in the city out of which only 700 vendors have been relocated. Almost 70 per cent of the total vendors sell street food, fruits and vegetables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16595184", "title": "Arunachal Pradesh to get Special Tiger Protection Force", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh will soon recruit 112 personnel to raise a company of Special Tiger Protection Force (STPF) to protect the big cats from being poached, chief minister Nabam Tuki informed here on Friday.\"The STPF company will be deployed at Pakke Tiger Reserve in East Kameng district and all the expenditure - both recurring and non-recurring - for raising the company will be borne by the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA),\" Tuki informed the assembly during a discussion on the Arunachal Pradesh Forest and Special Tiger Protection Forces Bill 2012.The STPF company, to be raised on the lines of the India Reserve Battalion (IRBn), would comprise 90 special tiger guards, 18 foresters, three forest range officers and three police sub-inspectors headed by one assistant conservator of forest or assistant commandant besides other official staff.Tuki, who also holds the environment and forest portfolio, introduced the bill in the assembly on Thursday and it was passed by voice votes on Friday.The chief minister further disclosed that 70 per cent recruitment for the STPF would be made from the district while the remaining would be made from neighbouring districts. He also informed that the state government would propose another STPF company for the Namdapha Tiger Reserve in Changlang district.Arunachal Pradesh has two tiger reserves covering an area of 9,900 sq km. The state also has 40 reserve forests covering an area of 40,000 sq km.Tuki further informed that the state government has already created 288 posts under the Forest Protection Force (FPF) for the entire state and the recruitment process would start soon.Most of the members participating in the discussion suggested according enough authority to the task force to deal strongly with violators of wildlife laws.The passing of the bill bears significance in the wake of the brutal killing of a tigress at Itanagar Zoo here last Monday by unknown miscreants.The forest department on Wednesday terminated three contingency staff and suspended a forest guard for dereliction of duty. The department also suspended the curator-cum-range forest officer of the zoo, Tilling Takar, Thursday besides issuing a showcause notice to Joram Dopum, ex-offico-director of the zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16594664", "title": "Shiv Kapur set for European grind", "text": "NEW DELHI: After four weeks in Europe, Shiv Kapur landed in Hyoto on Japan's Honshu island late on Tuesday night. Jetlag, not expectations, could have derailed his chances but his senses were not dulled as he shot four rounds in the 60s to finish fourth at the $1.9m Asia-Pacific Panasonic Open, collecting his season's best pay cheque for $80,645 that lifted him to No. 11 on the Asian Order of Merit.Taking a week's break at home sweet home, Kapur was revelling on the DGC greens, and looking forward to marathon sessions in front of the television, watching the World T20 Super Eights and the Ryder Cup. And also, promoting his sponsor Ballantine's amateur tournament. But Sunday, he is off to Scotland for the Dunhill Links, grinding it out on the European Tour. He was encouraged by his form at the Dutch Open and Italian Open, where he was in contention before finishing in the 30s. \"I have had 11 under-par rounds out of 12, been up there on the leaderboard but frustratingly, I have not been able to make a charge during the weekend,\" said the popular golfer.He has three opportunities to seal a full European Tour card - The Dunhill, Singapore Open and HK Open with a prize money total of $13 million - and it has been playing on his mind. \"I'm still looking for an answer for what happens at the crunch moment. Maybe there is a little bit of anxiety, maybe I'm too eager to perform thinking this could be my only chance. That's what been happening to Tiger Woods at the Majors this season, when he's in contention. At different levels, the feeling's the same. I need to temper down expectations, get out of this 'have to' mode in Europe and relax,\" he explains the contradictions of heart and mind.Sometimes, he got the applause. At the Madeira Islands Open in Portugal during May, Kapur recorded the longest-ever drive in the 40-year history of the Tour launching a 442-yard tee shot off the 13th tee. \"Right place, right time, hard fast greens, lot of luck,\" he said, revealing his modest side.Seven years of pro golf has taught him to accept whatever comes his way. He hasn't taken a look at the recent European rankings - 132, we check the website - but he knows he needs strong finishes to make it to the lucky 115. \"I believe getting a card will be a bonus. Just go out there and play,\" he reminds himself. But sometimes, knowledge can be dangerous, he thinks. \"All the while, you keep making unnecessary changes in your game, making constant adjustments, when all you've got to do is stick to the basics. Sometimes you have to go back in life to go forward.\"Let's hope he finds his way to the top.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16597811", "title": "Mysore Urban Development Authority to partner farmers to develop layout in Ballahalli", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Urban Development Authority (Muda) is seeking to make amends. After its plans to develop sites were met with problems owing to legal battles, the Authority has turned towards the farming community, seeking to partner them for the development of layouts.If it has its way, the urban body will get land at Ballahalli on the city's outskirts to develop a layout, which could well set in motion its plans to develop sites. The Ballahalli project will be an acid test for the urban body to put its house in order.Muda could not meet the revenue projected during the last fiscal after failing to distribute sites. As against Rs 96 crore reserved for bulk land purchase in 2011-12, it spent Rs 26.07 crore, a mere 27% of the targeted expenditure. Consequently, it downsized the amount for the bulk land purchase, allocating Rs 70 crore.With 82,721 applications pending with it, Muda is now looking at partnering with the farmers to get land and sites for the applicants. This assumes significance since it is unable to allot sites developed at RT Nagar though it made an announcement owing to legal complications. The partnership project is essentially to cut the chances of litigations and also to extend the benefits of urbanization to original land owners. The farmers who give up land holding will get 40% of the developed sites, while 60% will be with the urban body for allotment.Chairman L Nagendra and commissioner B G Betsurmath have held discussions with the farmers, and are taking the issue to the house.\"At least 100 farmers, who have land holding in the area identified for development of sites, have agreed to partner with us for developing sites,\" Nagendra said on Friday after touring Lalithadrinagar where Muda has developed 133 sites which will be allotted shortly.According to Nagendra, some 1,714 acres have been identified for development of sites in Ballahalli and Kergalli where some 13,000 sites of various dimensions can be developed. Muda will get at least 8,000 sites based on 40:60 ratio, Nagendra said, adding that 1,360 sites developed at Lalithadrinagar will be distributed and the civic body will invite applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16600437", "title": "Simran Sachdeva\u2019s TV debut as Damini in Humne Li Hai Shappat!", "text": "It was mentioned in certain section of a media about Simran Sachdeva, an Bolllywood cum Punjabi film actress is all set to debut on small screen with Humne Li Hai Shappat on Life OK.We bring you the exclusive details about her character. Simran will essay Damini, the new undercover co, who will join the rest inspector team in the show.Damini has been roped by the team to solve those cases which need special trainings and can be done only by an undercover cop. Damini in her first episode will don a role of a prostitute named Chameli, followed by the second episode, where she dons the avatar of an house maid.Simran had just completed her forth coming movies titled Bloody Ishq and Sajjan and is currently enjoying her success of just released movie Apni Boli Apna Desh.When contacted, Simran Stated, \"It's my first TV debut and I am very excited about it. It was fun to work with such a talented cast.\"Simran will enter the show in tonight's episode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595523", "title": "Adarsh panel to question Chavan again", "text": "MUMBAI: Former chief minister Ashok Chavan is to be summoned for a second time by the Adarsh judicial commission. Sources in the commission said that Chavan is scheduled to appear before the panel headed by Justice (retired) J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam on October 4, 2012, as one of the final witnesses in the case.The commission will conclude hearing of witnesses on October 5 and final arguments by the various parties will commence on October 15. \"The state has extended the term of the commission till December 31, 2012,\" said N Kumbhar, secretary to the commission. Over 182 witnesses have been examined by the commission till date including top politicians and bureaucrats. Around four witnesses will be examined next week, including Chavan.This time Chavan is likely to be questioned on the issue of membership. Chavan was named as an accused in the Adarsh scam case by the CBI.The allegation against Chavan is that he had suggested the inclusion of civilians in the society meant initially for defence personnel, to benefit his relatives, who were granted membership as quid pro quo. Seema Sharma, sister-in-law of Chavan's wife Ameeta, had applied for membership in 2003 when Chavan was revenue minister, while his mother-in-law Bhagwati Sharma and a relative, Madanlal Sharma, had filed for membership in 2009 when Chavan was CM.Chavan was summoned as a witness earlier on June 30. He had then passed the buck to former chief minister late Vilasrao Deshmukh on the issue of allotting land to Adarsh. He also said that he was guided by principal secretary (revenue) D K Shankaran regarding the conditional letter of intent. I was not aware of the detailed conditions. I signed it in good faith. Details of the society membership were not brought to my knowledge,'' Chavan had stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16598690", "title": "Declare Assam flood as national disaster: CPI(M)", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Communist Party of India (Marxist) on Friday called upon the Centre to declare the Assam floods as a \"national disaster\" and take up relief work on emergency footing.\"The way flood happens here every year and this year it has been pretty bad ... all the lakhs who have been displaced, who are without food, without clothes, without a home, at such a time the central government should declare it as national disaster,\" CPI(M) Politburo member Brinda Karat said here.Blaming the Centre and state government for not taking prompt steps to alleviate the suffering of over 29 lakh people who have been affected by the third wave of floods to hit the state this year, Karat said, \"Here (in Assam) the system has come to a standstill.\"She said CPI(M) cadres have been asked to mobilise resources for helping the flood affected people.\"It is a shame that neither the Central government nor the Assam government have dealt with the situation with the kind of urgency that is required\", she said.\"There are reports from upper Assam that people are not even getting foodgrains. Then it is a very critical situation. And this has to be taken as an emergency. It is a national disaster,\" she added.Karat also lambasted the Tarun Gogoi led Assam government for coming out in support of FDI in multi-brand retail.\"The Assam government cannot do anything to help the farmers when they are affected by flood, now they say Walmart is going to help the farmers. What can be more bankrupt than such an understanding?\"\"The government of India cannot do anything to help our farmers and they want Walmart to come and help them. It's a painful commentary on this government,\" Karat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595361", "title": "Munirka man, son stabbed after parking tiff with tenants", "text": "NEW DELHI: There was tension at Munirka village after a petty argument over parking of a cycle turned violent on Thursday. Ved Prakash and his son Kamal Prakash, were stabbed by the accused in the early hours of Thursday. The accused, Hapu Kom and Nethai Kom, have been arrested by the Vasant Vihar police and a case has been registered under IPC Section 324 (voluntarily causing hurt using a sharp weapon).The incident took place at Munirka village when the accused, both cousins, were on their way for dinner on Wednesday.\"Hapu's brother is in the Army and is posted in Jaipur. Nethai had come to the city to visit his brother and they both decided to fetch dinner at night. They were crossing a dark alley when they noticed that their landlord's cycle was blocking their way.\"Without telling the landlord, the duo picked up the cycle and placed it on the verandah. They were walking away when the owners objected and an argument broke out,'' said the investigating officer. According to locals, a scuffle broke out and the accused found themselves outnumbered.Feeling threatened, both Hapu and Nethai stabbed Ved Prakash and his son with daggers and fled the spot. The accused were later nabbed after a chase, sources said.\"The victims had deep stab injuries and were taken to the AIIMS Trauma Hospital. They were operated upon and doctors say they are responding to the treatment,'' said a senior cop.Police are now investigating if the duo had developed enmity with the victims earlier. More sections are likely to be added if \"motive'' is confirmed behind the attack.Ved Prakash and his son Kamal Prakash were stabbed early on Thursday after their tenants removed their bicycle as it was blocking their way. This led to a bitter argument.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16597076", "title": "IIIT-A sets stage for annual cultural festival", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad(IIIT-A), is organising its annual cultural festival from October 1-5 this year. Titled 'Effervescence MM 12', the festival is expected to attract more than 1,000 students from different colleges across the country as well as technical institutions such as IITs and NITs.Dr Anurika Vaish, Coordinator said the objective of such events is to tap the energy, intellect, creativity and talent of the young students. Through various fun activities, seemingly simple IT problems could find solution, besides showcasing their talent for art, dance, and music.\"The festival will highlight the technical proficiency of young minds, through a series of exciting events. Events like IT Guru and AI Pod will bring to the fore students' skills in robotics. Webkriti will brush up participants' skills in circuit design, while in Magnix they will face the adventure of the gaming world,\" she said.Cultural events will comprise fashion show La-Frenze and a dance contest called Footloose. The management events will put students into real scenarios and put to use their potential. Ad Mania will be a challenge for the innovative to come up with bright ideas of advertising. Events such as Solute, Plannum Crossfire and Cognoscentia will attract participation from different students of institutions, said Dr Vaish.Effervescence will also stage the management event Ranneeti to gauge students' managerial and strategic planning skills. Plannum and Solutte will be case study events to give future CEOs a taste of the real corporate world.Besides, there will be an assembly of enthralling online events like Purplexus, Al-Khwarizm and the most awaited Celebrity Night to drench all with showers of music and rhythmic beats in a concert by a renowned artist. The registration for different events is already underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16600349", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan to inaugurate Kolkata Film Festival", "text": "Megastar Amitabh Bachchan will inaugurate the Kolkata Film Festival to be held this November, official sources said.Big B's confirmation comes after West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee personally requested the actor to be present during the inaugural ceremony to be held on November 10.\"Amitabh bachchhan responds to Mamata Banerjee, coming to Kolkata, will inaugurate Kolkata International Film Festival on 10th November,\" Trinamool MP Kunal Ghosh said in a tweet.The 17th edition of the film fest held last year was inaugurated by Shah Rukh Khan and Sharmila Tagore at the Netaji Indoor Stadium.Khan, also the state's brand ambassador, might also be present at this year's inaugural show, sources said.The CM, also the state's information and cultural affairs minister, had revived the film festival after coming to power last year by bringing in Bollywood stars.Incidentally, Mamata and Bachchan had both made their debut in Lok Sabha together in 1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16597479", "title": "US jails man behind hate film in bank fraud case", "text": "WASHINGTON: A California who claims to have produced an anti-Islam film that has sparked violent protests across the Muslim world has been jailed without bail by a US court for violating terms of his probation on a bank fraud conviction in 2009.Fifty-five-year-old Nakoula Basseley Nakoula was arrested by the California police on Thursday and produced before a court in Los Angeles. \"He engaged in a likely pattern of deception both to his probation officers and the court,\" judge Suzanne Segal said, adding that he was a flight risk.Nakoula, who according to federal investigators has changed his name several times, under the terms of probation was banned from using computers and the internet without supervision.Nakoula was earlier arrested in 2009 on charges of being engaged in a scheme to create fake identities and open credit cards in those names, then draw tens of thousands of dollars from the phony accounts. He was released in June 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16600067", "title": "Clean &amp; Clear Lucknow Times Fresh Face 2012 contest at Saraswati Dental College", "text": "What the students at the Saraswati Dental College lacked for in numbers on stage, they sure made up for in enthusiasm, when it was their college's turn to play host to Clean &amp; Clear Lucknow Times Fresh Face 2012 contest, organized in association with Radio Mirchi.A little goading from emcee Maddy on the mike, and boy! Did they rock... But of course, with a chance to become the face of Clean &amp; Clear for the two girls who win this contest, it seemed the students put in all their might into the competition.Ultimately it was Shreshtha Pandey, who walked away the winner among the girls. It was her confidence and poise that got her the coveted place and it was no different for the winner among the boys, Shobhit Pratap Singh. Sathya Saurabh Singh and Tanuja Pathak earned the first runners up tag. Anam Kumar and Apoorva won the second runners up title.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16596677", "title": "Every third senior citizen in India abused, mainly by son: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian sons, and their wives, aren't treating their aged parents well. A study on abuse of India's elderly, conducted across 20 cities and involving over 5,500 older people, has found that almost 1 in 3 (32%) have faced abuse. The son has been found to be the primary abuser in 56% of cases, followed by the daughter-in-law in 23% cases.The study, to be presented to President Pranab Mukherjee on October 1, celebrated globally as the International Day of Older Persons, said more than 50% of those abused had faced it for more than five years. More than half (55%) of those who were abused did not report it to anyone. Around 80% of them did not report the matter to uphold family honour.Delhi actually witnessed an exponential increase in abuse of the elderly. In 2011, Delhi's abuse of the elderly rate stood at 12%. In comparison, 29.82% elderly people in Delhi said they faced abuse in 2012.The study, conducted by Help Age India, found that abuse was highest in Madhya Pradesh (77.12%) while people in Rajasthan (1.67%) were most well behaved with the elderly in their family. Nearly 30% or 1 in 3 elderly persons reported abuse in Maharashtra while the abuse rate was just above 1 in 4 (27.56%) in Tamil Nadu. It was 60% in Assam, 52% in UP, 43% in Gujarat, 42.86% in Andhra Pradesh and 40.93% in West Bengal.The study also brought out some shameful figures for Delhi. While nearly 30% of Delhi's senior citizens had faced abuse, the primary perpetrator of abuse was the son in 60% cases, followed by the daughter-in-law in 24% cases. In Delhi, 76% of those abused did not report it, while of those who felt abused, 69% had felt disrespected with 35% facing it daily.Around 86% of elderly felt that the most effective measure to control elder abuse was through sensitizing children and strengthening inter-generation bonding and 14% felt increased economic Independence was the solution.The study said that in India, the family has been the mainstay of social support. \"Even in this age and time, 58% of older persons in India are living with the family. The findings of this report also affirm confidence in the ability of the family to care for its older members,\" the report said.The National Policy on Older Persons has also recognized the importance of family for the well being of older persons and has decided to have programmes to promote family values, sensitize the young on the necessity and desirability of inter-generational bonding and continuity and the desirability of meeting filial obligations.\"State policies will encourage children to co-reside with their parents by providing tax relief, allowing rebates for medical expenses and giving preference in the allotment of houses. The policy also says that short-term staying facilities for older persons will be supported so that families can get some relief when they go out,\" the study said.The report made an interesting recommendation. In order to prevent elder abuse, it said there should be nationwide programmes in schools and colleges for sensitizing children and young adults towards the ageing and the aged, sensitization of healthcare workers to recognize and develop a protocol for treatment, develop a robust social security system that not only ensures income security to the older persons but also gives them opportunities for income generation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16597394", "title": "Carpool driver beats up kid, gets bail", "text": "KOLKATA: A carpool driver was arrested on Friday for allegedly beating up a student inside the car on Thursday morning. However, he got a bail later in the day.Ritam Sen, a Class VI student of Patha Bhavan, was allegedly roughed up by the driver Ram Prasad Halder for making noise inside the car while returning home. on Thursday afternoon when the child was returning home.Ritam's father Indranil Sen - a businessman - lodged a complaint with the Alipore police station on Thursday night and the driver was arrested on Friday morning from infront the school gates.Indranil said: \"My son has been travelling in the carpool for last four years. On Thursday, he left at around 6:30am. When he returned home at around 12:30pm, Ritam was bleeding from his legs and knees. An injury mark was also visible on his throat. My elder daughter, who is a first year student of Jogomaya College, called me up to inform about Ritam's condition.\"After reaching home Indranil came to know that Ram beat his son up because he was talking loudly inside the car. \"The driver first warned Ritam and when my son protested Ram held his collar and made him sit beside the driver's seat. Then he started punching on my son's face,\" alleged Indranil, adding that Ritam was thrown out of the vehicle near Gopalnagar crossing, from where he had to walk back home.The officials at Alipore PS wanted a medical certificate before registering the complaint. \"Accordingly, I went to the SSKM hospital, got the tests done and then lodged a complaint. Ram, a resident of Chetla, was arrested from the school gate on Friday morning. The accused was summoned by the cops several times on Thursday night, but he refused to come to the police station,\" said Indranil.The accused was booked under sections 341(wrongful restrain), 323 (voluntary causing of hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC. He was produced before the Alipore court, where he was granted bail.The father added, \"my son was crying vehemently. After inquiring he said that the pool car driver had beaten him up since he was irritated because Ritam and his friends were screaming and talking loudly.\" The driver allegedly started to threat Ritam. Later he abuse verbally. When Ritam protested, Halder pulled him by collar and placed Ritam beside him and then punched him on faces and had beaten him up. \"My son was also dropped from the pool car at Gopalnagar crossing and the driver went away with his school bag. Our residence which is walking distance from the place is not where Ritam is usually dropped on other days. The boy came running home,\" Sen said.He added, \"Both me and my wife were outside home when we received the information and rushed back. I took Ritam to Alipore police station. The officials told me that since the school is under Gariahat police station a case has to be filed there. But I refused to go anywhere else. Finally the officials asked me to get a medical check up done at SSKM and bring a medical report.\"Ritam was taken to SSKM around 4pm and the medical tests were conducted which confirmed the beating. \"I took the reports back to Alipore police station. I had given the number of Halder to police. Initially the driver did not want to come to the police station. Even after a few threats, he refused to come. Finally Halder was arrested by the police from infront of the school gate on Friday morning,\" Sen said.Ritam is running high temperature and is vomiting. \"I have informed the headmistress and have handed over a copy of the complaint, FIR and a letter to the teacher-incharge in the headmistress's absence,\" Sen said.Ram Prasad Halder who is also the owner of the car had taken Ritam to school all through the four years. \"I am disappointed that the police had slapped bailable sections on him which has enabled him to come out from the prison without much delay,\" the aggrieved father said.According to the complaint of the parents of the victim boy, police registered a case against accused pool car driver Ramprasad Haldar(32). He is a resident of Chetla area. He was picked up on Friday and Police confirmed that the charges all were bailable. \"The parent complained that on Thursday on the way back home Ritam was in the pool car like other days. The driver allegedly beaten him up inside the car and forced him to get off the car on the middle of his way near Gopalnagar. We received the complaint on Thursday night. On Friday the accused driver has been arrested in front of the school,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16597689", "title": "Homeless stage protest in front of Bellad's house", "text": "DHARWAD: Residents of Navanagar, Amargol and neighbouring localities of Hubli-Dharwad West Assembly constituency staged a protest in front of MLA Chandrakant Bellad's house in Dharwad on Friday demanding housing facilities. The alleged that there has been an inordinate delay in identifying land for construction of low-cost houses for the needy.The protesters stated that including people from Helava community, several underprivileged families have set up huts in Amargol and nearby areas and are staying there for the past eight years. As many as 450 families are staying in huts.Despite repeated demands, no steps have been taken to identify land and construct houses, they alleged.They urged the government to immediately issue ration cards, voter's identity cards, housing sites and houses for those residing in huts.The protesters warned that they would intensify their protest in the coming days, if their demands are not met at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16596975", "title": "Heart worries come calling early", "text": "BANGALORE: Blame it on lack of playgrounds, readily available videogames, computers, playstations and TV, tempting junk food and hectic school timings -- children are becoming obese and more prone to heart attacks.Dangerously, the mean age for contracting cardiovascular diseases has fallen. A decade ago, the average age of contracting heart ailments was 45-50 years, but today, it has come down to the late 20s-early 30s age span, say doctors.\"As far as congenital heart ailments are concerned, there has been hardly any rise in incidence. It has remained steady at 1/100 children for over a decade now. Also, rheumatic heart ailments among children have not increased much, but the factor of concern is increasing cases of obesity in children, which has brought down the age of contracting heart ailments drastically. Obesity leads to hypertension and diabetes , which puts a person at the risk of contracting cardiovascular diseases,\" said Dr PV Suresh, senior consultant and HoD, paediatric cardiology, Narayana Hrudayalaya.Said Dr Prabhakar Shetty, chief of cardiology, Columbia Asia Hospital, Yeshwantpur: \"Increasing incidence of obesity among children is worrying. Teens today have high blood pressure. This is directly related to their food habits and lack of physical activity. High blood pressure can put one at the risk of getting a heart attack at a young age.\"\"Congenital heart diseases and ailments due to metabolic syndrome can be identified early and treated in time, but it takes several years for cardiovascular diseases to develop. Obesity is a major cause for concern among urban Indian children. Also, children in their early teens are taking up smoking , which poses the risk of heart attack at a very early age. It is important to engage children in more physical activities and stick to a healthy diet to prevent heart ailments at an early age,\" said Dr Devananda NS, HoD, consultant, cardiothoracic surgeon, Manipal Heart Institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "16597532", "title": "Swastik, Vidhit rhyme to success", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Poems echoed at Cherry Lane Play School, as tiny tots participated enthusiastically in a rhyme recitation competition on Friday.On the concluding day of the two-day contest, about 70 students in the 3-4 age group vied for the top slot. The first day had seen 80 kids in 2 to 3 years age group perform with aplomb.As they recited poems, their parents were a proud lot. \"It was great to see Maahi reciting poems without any stage fear. She had been practising since a week for the event,\" said Dr Rakesh Goyal, a resident of Rajguru Nagar.\"This is Anmol's first performance and it was brilliant,\" said Poonam Kumra, a resident of BRS Nagar. Adding to the fun, the school was decorated accordingly and kids came dressed as their favourite characters from various poems. As the event came to a close, children were given certificates and gifts.In the age group of 2 to 3 years, Swastik Modi stood first, Gurnawaz Singh second and Arush Singhal third. In the age group of 3 to 4 years, Vidhit bagged the first position, Sukhdevika second and Tiya third.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "16597383", "title": "Nursing home fire sparks panic", "text": "BARASAT: A major disaster was averted when a fire broke out at a nursing home off Jessore Road in Barasat on Friday. Sources said nobody was injured in the blaze.The fire broke out at one of the nurses' rooms on the third floor of Kalpataru nursing home. Patients at the ICCU had a close shave as the unit was on the same floor. As soon as the smoke started billowing out, the patients started having breathing trouble. The hospital staffers rushed in and the fire brigade officials were also informed. The Barasat fire brigade sent two fire tenders to the spot to douse the flames.After one and half hours, the fire was brought under control. The patients were brought to the ground floor by the hospital staffers in time.\"A preliminary probe suggests that a short circuit triggered the fire. The hospital staffers were prompt enough to avert a major disaster. Probe is on to find out the exact reason,\" said Amarendranath Ghosh, a senior fire services department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16596242", "title": "Sub-registrar sentenced to 3-year rigorous imprisionment in bribery case", "text": "PUNE: Observing that dishonest public servants should not be spared in cases of corruption as it affects honest officials, special judge V P Utpat on Friday convicted sub-registrar Shailaja Kondhawale of Haveli number 19 and lawyer Nandkumar Takalkar in a 2009 bribery case.The court sentenced Kondhawale to three years' rigorous imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 5,000 under section 7 (public servant accepting gratification) of the Prevention of Corruption Act. She was also sentenced to three years' RI with a fine of Rs 5,000 under section 13 (1) (d) read with 13 (2) (criminal misconduct by public servant) of the Act. Both the sentences will run concurrently.Takalkar was sentenced to six months' RI with a fine of Rs 500 under section 12 (abetment) of the Act.In his judgement the judge said, \"There is ample evidence to show that the public servant (Kondhawale) had accepted bribe through an agent (Takalkar). Takalkar had instigated and aided Kondhawale for accepting bribe from the complainant\".The state anti-corruption bureau, Pune, had arrested Kondhawale and Takalkar, a resident of Kasba Peth, for accepting a bribe from Chandrakant Phulelu, a resident of Khadki. Phulelu had sold his flat and purchased Manoj Kamble's property in Khadki.Additional public prosecutor Pratap Jadhav said Phulelu had approached Kondhawale for registration of the documents, but she refused to register the documents and asked Phulelu to pay a bribe of Rs 5,000 for doing the same. Phulelu registered a case against the sub-registrar after the latter asked him to make the payment on March 30, 2009.When Phulelu approached Kondhawale on the day, she told him to hand over the money to Takalkar. The ACB officials, who had laid a trap at the sub-registrar's office, caught the duo while accepting the bribe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16596355", "title": "Out of govt, Ajit may eye revenge against CM", "text": "MUMBAI: After days of NCP ministers, legislators and also a section of workers putting up a show of solidarity with Ajit Pawar, cracks in the unity facade began showing after party president Sharad Pawar finally closed the chapter of his nephew's resignation as deputy chief minister.Several NCP ministers privately voiced the feeling that instead of quitting the cabinet, he should have forced CM Prithviraj Chavan to publish the white paper he has been threatening on alleged irregularities in irrigation projects during Ajit Pawar's ministership.In the Congress camp, once it became clear that Ajit Pawar is indeed out of the government, the realization took hold that the ambitious NCP leader will now go all out to ruin Chavan's peace.\"Ajit Pawar is redrafting his strategy to take revenge against Prithviraj Chavan,\" said a senior NCP minister. Pawar Jr believes there was no corruption in the irrigation projects, only costs escalated, which is a natural process, and yet the Congress succeeded in projecting him as the most corrupt politician.Some senior Congress ministers, too, cautioned the CM on the possibility now of Ajit Pawar challenging him openly. Ajit Pawar's contention has been that since Chavan took over the reins in the state, he has been targeting the NCP for political reasons.\"We feel that it's high time now that Chavan steps in and publishes the white paper. We must seize the opportunity to expose not only Ajit Pawar, but the Sharad Pawar-led NCP, too. If we are not able to come out with the white paper, it will be difficult for the Congress to face the NCP during the winter session at Nagpur,\" a senior Congress minister told TOI on Friday.After Sharad Pawar brought the curtains down on the resignation crisis, several senior NCP ministers told him that Ajit Pawar had acted hastily in quitting. \"Ajit Pawar was not only the deputy CM, he was also the leader of the NCP legislature party. Under such circumstances, it was wrong to quit the cabinet. We made it clear to Pawar that since no charges are proved against him, his resignation should not be accepted,\" said one of them.Another NCP minister said in view of Ajit Pawar's resignation, his cabinet colleagues were in a piquant situation. Since Ajit Pawar is no longer part of the coalition government, he is expected to make allegations against the Congress, particularly the CM. In this scenario, it would be difficult for them to face the cabinet, he explained.Ajit Pawar had made it clear that once the resignation was accepted, he would launch a campaign for the 2014 LS and assembly polls. Observers feel he may push for snapping ties with the Congress.In political circles, it is a well-known fact that he will make all possible efforts to take over the reins after the 2014 assembly polls. \"We will not be surprised if he decides to snap ties with the Congress and contest the assembly polls independently as he believes that unless the NCP contests independently, there was no scope for him to become the chief minister,\" the NCP minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "16597769", "title": "Malnad farmers' new bane: Monkeys and wild boars", "text": "SHIMOGA: Farmers of Malnad region have a new worry on their hands - menace of monkeys and wild boars. The beleaguered farmers, particularly in Theerthahalli, Hosanagar and Sagar taluks, have already had their share of trouble with rain fury and crop diseases that have adversely impacted agricultural production this time.To add to this is the havoc wreaked by wild animals on their crops. Farmers say there has been an unprecedented surge in monkeys and wild boars entering human habitat. This wildlife invasion has made farmers a worried lot. They say monkeys come in hordes and attack the gardens and paddy fields and pick on the tender crops, nuts and fruits. Not only monkeys, packs of wild boars too have run over cultivated land and destroyed plants and crops.In the past month, the losses suffered by farmers run into a few lakhs. The break in monsoon aggravated the situation, with the wild animals making the most of the dry spell and going on a rampage. Farmers have urged the forest and horticulture departments to intervene and help them salvage atleast whatever produce is left.Horticultural authorities, while acknowledging the menace and problems faced by farmers, say they are helpless and point fingers at the forest department. They say they cannot curb the menace nor help the farmers. Forest officials in Shimoga in turn have admitted to the rise in incursion of monkeys and wild boars in the area but they say they have no relief to offer to farmers. An official said wildlife rules stipulate that the animals cannot be harmed.When district officials brought the plight of farmers to the notice of the principal chief conservator of forests, they were apparently told to the catch the animals and leave them at a distant place from where they can't return to the same area.Farmers say catching the monkeys is a difficult and costly job. Those simians that were nabbed and released far from the human habitats still managed to come back with added numbers, they say. Local methods to scare these wild animals too have not yielded result. Some farmers have tried tying old brightly coloured saris to the fences, used crackers and also placed dummies of monkeys to ward them away but to little avail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16596412", "title": "Sena chief, Uddhav also get summons", "text": "MUMBAI: A Delhi court on Friday issued fresh summons against MNS chief Raj Thackeray in two cases of hate speeches transferred from Bihar and Jharkhand by the Supreme Court. It also issued summons against Sena chief Bal Thackeray and his son Uddhav for allegedly saying that Biharis should be thrown out of Maharashtra. NBWs were issued against the MNS chief by courts in Jamshedpur and Muzaffarpur on Dec 16, 2008 and Nov 11, 2009 respectively. Following Raj's plea that he cannot appear before courts in Bihar and Jharkhand due to a threat to his life, the cases were transferred to Delhi last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16594868", "title": "Kapra lake new destination for immersion", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is not just Hussain Sagar which is witnessing much activity during Ganesh immersions in the city. City's other lakes are also getting their share of excitement. With the rise in number of Ganesh pandals in the city, the Kapra Lake in Sainikpuri has gradually emerged as the new immersion hotspot on that side of the town. The number of idols immersed at this lake has increased significantly over the years. The arrangements made for the ritual by the authorities have also improved drastically over the past five years. The lake has now become a popular immersion spot for denizens of surrounding areas during the Ganesh Chaturthi season.In fact, if until five years ago, there were only 200-odd idols being immersed here, the numbers are in thousands now. The number of people expected to throng the lake on the last day of immersion is expected to touch 6,000 this year. Reacting to the increased numbers, the GHMC has not only added additional cranes to help in the immersions but has also installed barricades, flood lights and halogen lamps. It has also put up a tent and chairs for people who want to view the processions.R Upender Reddy, deputy commissioner of Kapra Circle, GHMC, said, \"We have four cranes this year. On the third day of immersion there was one crane, two cranes on the fifth day and four from the ninth to eleventh day. The total expenditure on these arrangements too has gone up from Rs 4.5 lakh last year to around Rs 6 lakh this time around.\" He said that there are 12 sanitation workers at the site round the clock, as against 8 last year.With many new Ganesh pandals coming up in the surrounding areas and several older ones preferring Kapra over Hussain Sagar due to its proximityThe Bhagyanagar Ganesh Utsav Samithi, which coordinates with all the pandals in the city has appointed a convener and joint convener at Sainikpuri this year, going by the increase in Ganesh pandals in the surrounding areas. Samithi representatives said that the main responsibility of these newly appointed officials is to oversee the immersions taking place at Kapra.V N Satyanarayana, president of Srinivasa Nagar Colony's Youth Welfare Association, which sets up a Ganesh pandal near the lake, said, \"Around five years ago, there were no cranes here and it used to be very difficult to move the bigger idols. But now there are cranes, railings, 24-hour lighting arrangements and municipal workers present there to assist people.\"Festivities at the lake began on the first day of immersion itself. The scene at the lake in the evenings these last few days resembled a carnival of sorts with families from the surrounding residential colonies going to the lake to immerse idols, performing aartis and distributing prasadam to the people. A GHMC attendant was also present to guide incoming vehicles to the parking area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16596274", "title": "1 man, 30 clones, a credit card racket", "text": "THANE: The police have busted a credit card cloning racket and arrested three people, among whom one has 30 bank accounts. While the police found the figure to be staggering, what surprised them more was that the accused, Mansoor Wadkar (36), opened these by using 30 names and photographs of himself in as many forms of disguise. An officer from the Badlapur police station said all disguise were done professionally, \"as we see in the movies\".\"The gang was caught recently when the police received a complaint from the branch manager of a nationalized bank in Badlapur that the bank had been cheated by a customer, Pravin Shirshat, who opened an account with forged documents and withdrew Rs 200,000 on a forged cheque,\" said DCP (zone IV) Shivajirao Rathod.The police raided Shirshat's address in Mumbra-as mentioned in bank documents-and arrested him. During interrogation, he said his real name was Mansoor Wadkar and he was a resident of Ratnagiri. During the raid, the police recovered many passbooks, credit cards and bogus documents.\"While examining the documents, we initially thought they belonged to a whole lot of people and Wadekar was lying to us. But then we realized that all the photographs were his. The work was smart,\" said Rathod.Wadkar gave the police details of two accomplices, Vikas Dohale (27) and Sachin Wagh (30), who were then arrested from Ambernath and Ulhasnagar. \"Dohale is the leader of the gang and would clone credit cards after stealing data from bank and other sources. Wagh, a class VII pass, specializes in forging documents for opening bank accounts,\" said inspector Dilip Patil of the Badlapur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16597997", "title": "Japan builds an all-weather chip that will last forever", "text": "LONDON: Researchers claim to have developed a new water proof storage device that can endure extreme temperatures and hostile conditions like fires and tsunami 'forever' without degrading.Japanese multinational conglomerate Hitachi has unveiled the chip, which it claims is resistant to many chemicals and unaffected by radio waves, can be exposed directly to high temperature flames and heated to 1,000 degrees Celsius for at least two hours without being damaged.The chip is also waterproof, meaning it could survive natural calamities, such as fires and tsunami, the Daily Mail reported.\"The volume of data being createdis exploding, but in terms of keeping it for later generations, we haven't necessarily improved since the days we inscribed things on stones,\" Hitachi researcher Kazuyoshi Torii said.The company's new technology stores data in binary form by creating dots inside a thin sheet of quartz glass, which can be read with an ordinary optical microscope.The material currently has four layers of dots, which can hold 40 megabytes per square inch, approximately the density on a music CD, researchers said, adding they believe including more layers should not be a problem. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16597414", "title": "Punjab, Haryana, UT on notice", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking cognizance of a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking directions to Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh administration for taking stringent measures to curb the incidents of sexual harassment, Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday put both the states and UT on notice.PIL filed by Harinder Pal Singh Ishar submitted that some people have withdrawn their young female children from schools and colleges, while others were \"now too tensed and nervous to send their daughters to educational institutions\" because of the increasing incidents of sexual harassment.Petitioner sought directions to both the states and the Chandigarh administration to station police control room vehicles near educational institutions during opening and closing hours. Similar directions were also sought to the principals, headmasters and teachers of all educational institutions to be present at the main gates during opening and closing hours.PIL also suggested that girl students be sent out 15 minutes before boys in co-education institution and teachers be deputed in the classrooms during free periods. It also suggested that CCTV cameras be installed at public places especially bus stands, gates of educational institutions and places where working women or girl students use transport system. Case would now come up for further hearing on October 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16594441", "title": "'Taunted', woman seeks refuge with rights panel", "text": "BHOPAL: This real life drama seems straight out of the idiot box. Like in the saas bahu soaps aired on prime time, a woman who was allegedly tortured by her in-laws with jibes and double meaning taunts has moved the State Women's Commission seeking intervention and relief. The case came up for hearing at the joint bench of the state Women's Commission on Friday.In what seems to be inspired from a tele-serial, a newly-married woman hailing from Guna, now staying with her in-laws in Bhopal appealed before the commission in a domestic violence case that her in-laws would not only beat her up but also used 'code- words' to taunt her. She was coached to learn the code-words and react accordingly.The taunts were like that of the popular serial 'Kairi Rishta Khatta Meetha' where the mother-in-law would taunt the daughter-in-law with bitter-sweet sarcasm.The woman, Kanika Sharma (name changed), had been married for only three months. She recounted how there were code-words for the way she should behave or else face the consequences. For example, 'bahu pani lana' (get some water) would mean 'tumhari pitai karenge' (you would be beaten up), 'bahu maike wale aaye hai, mil lo' (your family members are here, some meet them) would stand for 'manhus-kangal aaye hai' (hateful paupers have come to our house). Then 'chai lekar aana' (get some tea) would actually mean 'bahar mat nikalna' (don't come out of your room).'kya powder laga rahi ho' (are you powdering yourself') would stand for 'pitogi kya' (would you like to get beaten up). Similarly, 'bahuriya kab se baithe hai aa jao' (daughter-in-law we have been waiting for long, come now) meant 'paani lekar aana lekin muh mat kholna' (get water but don't dare to open your mouth) and 'arrey rishtedaron ko chai-nashta to do' (serve your family members some tea and snacks) stood for 'ghar se paise ki baat karo' (ask for more money from your family), etc.The matter came to light when an uncle and aunt of Kanika visited her and suspected something amiss in her in-laws behavoiur. Initially, they tried to take her away but upon resistance from her in-laws sought police help.Commission chairperson Upma Rai said, \"The matter is sensitive as the woman is newly-married. Also the woman wants to stay with her in-laws. The matter has been kept under counselling and would again be heard in the next hearing.\"Rai also spoke to the in-laws, and concluded from their behaviour that they have beaten and threatened her.Commission member Vandana Mandavi was also present besides Rai during the joint bench on Friday. 29 cases were heard of which 10 were related to domestic violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16594789", "title": "Vintage computers on display at Military College of Telecommunications Engineering", "text": "MHOW: As one steps into the Faculty of Computer Technology and Systems (FCT&S;) of Military College of Telecommunications Engineering (MCTE) at Mhow, and sees the most modern cyber laboratories, one is also drawn to the sight of huge machines, forefathers of modern day computers, majestically displayed, as one would see in a museum.Welcome to the computer museum of the Army. MCTE, which has been at the forefront of introducing latest technology in combat communications and information systems, have also acted curators to the various generations of computers installed at various times in the FCT&amp;S.;The first of these heritage computers were installed in FCT&S; in 1975. Named as Trombay Digital Computer (TDC-316), which was a third generation, 16 bit computer, was a very versatile machine. Booting it was very tedious, as was operating it, as there was no direct data entry system through keyboard. The data used to be recorded in a punch card, which was then read by a card reading machine, which in turn, used to give signals to the main frame computer.In 1984, the Electronic Data Processing was replaced by Automated Data Processing with the coming of 8 inch floppy disc machines. Year 1989 saw a remarkable progress in this faculty with the arrival of Cyber 930 (which was given Indian name as Medha). MCTE has the distinction of being one of the only two recipients of Medha computers, imported into the country in those days. It had three units, namely disc sub-system (32 MB memory weighing 500 kg against 1000 GB hard disc weighing about 200 gm now a days), the CPU and the card interface. Though the speed of its processor was very less as compared to modern computers, yet till mid 90s and the whole MCTE network used to run on this mainframe computer.The TDC-316 class of computers lasted for about a decade. Medha lasted for less than a decade while the next generation computers lasted for about two years. The technology upgradation in computers in today's world is happening every few months. Today, MCTE boasts of the most advanced computers and cutting edge information technology equipment, running its own cloud on blade servers and optical storage media which have extremely high capacity, speed and reliability.MCTE, the nodal centre for information technology training in the Army, began with the establishment of the Computer Training Wing in early 70s, but has since grown in technical expertise, as today it trains not only officers of the Army but also of Navy, Air Force, central para military forces and scertain civil services. and officers from the friendly foreign countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16597348", "title": "Fear of extremism keeps over 50 students away from DAV IET", "text": "DALTONGANJ: More than 50 students from outside Jharkhand refrained from taking admission to the DAV-run Institute of Engineering and Technology (IET) for fear of extremism.Sources said these students had their stint of counseling, but when it came to taking dmission here, they did not turn up.The outsiders have a distorted notion of Palamu. The recent incidents of trains being hijacked, railway stations being blown up and railway tracks being mined has made matters worse.If Bangalore presents a rosy picture of a state dedicated to education, Palamu for them is a place where life is always at risk.The Principal of DAV IET, C B Prasad said, \"The talk of extremism has kept over 50 students away from taking admission here.\" He, however, maintained that DAV IET is absolutely free from any kind of Naxalite activity.On September 26, the vice chancellor of the Nilamber Pitamber University, Firoz Ahmad, controller LGSN Shahdeo and registrar P K Verma paid this college a visit and took stock of the situation here.About three dozen students turned up at the campus despite the ongoing Karma Puja and interacted with the university officials.But none of them spoke about anything even remotely related to extremism.They only wanted their semester examinations to be held as scheduled and results to be declared on time.Zishan Ahmad, who has enrolled himself for the classes here said, \"I simply want timely examination and publication of result.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16597197", "title": "Six sentenced to life in MLA kin murder case", "text": "BOKARO: A local court on Friday awarded life imprisonment to six persons who were guilty in the murder case of Ganesh Mahto, the younger brother of Dumri legislator Jagannath Mahto.Principal district and sessions judge G K Choudhary on Friday awarded the sentence to all the convicts - Krishna Prasad Mahto, Khursheed Ansari, Usman Ansari, Safique Ansari, Jaffir Ansari and Madan Turi -and imposed a fine of Rs 5,000 on each of them for being a party to the criminal conspiracy to commit the murder of Ganesh, said special public prosecutor Santnarayan Dey.Jaffir and Turi were sentenced to imprisonment for life under section 302 of IPC and a fine of Rs 5,000 each. Both these convicts will serve a minimum of 20 years in jail without remission. Turi is further sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for five years and slapped with a fine of Rs 2,000 under Section 27 of the Arms Act. \"All the substantive sentences will run concurrently,\" said Dey.The court had delivered the judgment on Thursday but reserved the quantum of punishment to the guilty for Friday. Mahto was present in the court with a large number of supporters. Unable to control his emotions, he burst into tears.Ganesh, who was the owner of a petrol pump, was shot dead at his Bhandaridah residence under the Chandrapura police station here on August 27, 2009. \"Krishna was a close friend and business partner of the victim. He had killed Ganesh due to personnel rivalry,\" said Ranjit Giri, another special prosecutor in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16597714", "title": "Scriptwriter T A Shahid passes away", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Noted script writer T A Shahid, who gave box office hits such as Rajamanikkam to Malayalam film industry died at MIMS Hospital here on Friday evening. He was 41.Shahid had been under treatment for kidney ailment for sometime. He is survived by wife Sheeja and two daughters. Script writer T A Razak is his elder brother.Balettan, the movie that gave a breakthrough to Mohanlal, was his first successful venture into the tinsel world. The protagonist in the film was modelled on his brother himself. Rajamanikkam, the Mammootty- starer was a roaring hit in the box office.Mambazhakkalam, Pachakuthira, Ben Johnson and Ali Bhai were the other movies penned by Shahid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16596124", "title": "Pacheco to take up shack owners' cause", "text": "MARGAO: A large group of shack owners met at Betalbatim on Friday following which Nuvem MLA Francisco (Mickky) Pacheco promised to take up their demand for the rolling back of the shack policy with chief minister Manohar Parrikar .At the meeting, demands of the shack owners under the banner of Shack owners welfare society (SOWS) conveyed their grievances to Pacheco and United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP leader Radharao Gracias.\"I will take up the demands of the shack owners with the chief minister when I meet him and I think it would be best if they retain the existing (last season) shack policy as there is hardly any time, and the shack owners cannot afford any more delays,\" said Pacheco, who promised to see that the matter is resolved as soon as possible.Pacheco pointed out that if the chief minister had to try and incorporate any of the demands of the shack owners in the proposed policy, the entire exercise would be futile as it would not only take up too much time, but also that there were a large number of grievances.Pacheco added that he would suggest that the government tries and come out with the proposed policy next year, taking the views of all the stakeholders and including the coastal MLAs.Shack owner Isidore Mendes from Calangute claimed that charters were also invariably getting delayed and linked that delay to the shack policy and stressed that the main lookout for charters was to spend their time at these shacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16594898", "title": "Lower Assam still hit by deluge", "text": "GUWAHATI: The flood situation in Lower Assam districts continued to remain grim on Thursday even as upper Assam districts showed signs of slight improvement.Some of the flood-affected districts in Lower Assam are Morigaon, Barpeta, Bongaigaon, Dhubri, Goalpara, Kamrup, Nalbari, Baksa, Darrang, Udalguri and Nagaon. Morigoan is the worst hit district in Lower Assam with 371 villages comprising over five lakh people affected.After arrival from Japan on Thursday, chief minister Tarun Gogoi visited flood-affected areas in Morigaon and other Upper Assam districts. He also did an aerial survey of flood-hit Kaziranga. Gogoi visited two relief camps in Morigaon district's Mayong revenue circle accompanied by food and civil supplies minister Nazrul Islam, minister for fisheries Basanta Das and other ministers and officialsGogoi directed the Morigaon district administration to reach out to the flood-affected people with relief materials and asked the ministers to closely monitor the situation. Later, the chief minister undertook a one-and-a-half-hour-long aerial survey of flood hit Darrang, Sonitpur, Lakhimpur, Dhemaji, Kazaringa National Park and Majuli. Gogoi also reviewed the flood situation with water resources minister Rajib Lochan Pegu and the district administration in Jorhat on Thursday. Gogoi will make an aerial survey of flood hit areas of Sivasagar, Dibrugarh and Tinsukia districts on Saturday.Agriculture minister Nilomoni Sen Deka said 3, 28, 516 hectares of agricultural land has been affected in the second wave of floods that hit the state in the middle of this month. Twenty districts have been affected and 19 people killed. Ten people are still missing in the second wave of deluge.Deka said once the flood situation improves, the agriculture department will undertake free distribution of seeds and free tractor services for 4,10,309 hectare of agricultural lands. He added that about Rs 200 crore will be spent to help flood-affected farmers with free seeds and other agricultural services.\"We are going to distribute hybrid paddy, along with mustard, potato and other crop seeds, to the flood-hit farmers free of cost so that they can make up for the loss. We have also decided to support the farmers in Majuli for double cropping,\" said Deka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16597643", "title": "Patna University to lose 25% posts of teachers", "text": "PATNA: Eighty five-year-old Patna Science College, which is supposed to be one of the best institutions of higher education in science in the eastern part of the country, is likely to be adversely affected academically if the scheme of rationalization approved by the state cabinet is implemented by Patna University (PU).This premier institution had as many as 90 sanctioned posts of different categories of teachers in different subjects for the last several decades, but the number has been reduced to just 43, post-rationalization. The chemistry department of the college had got 20 posts, but it would now have only eight. Similarly, the number of posts in all the departments of the college has been reduced drastically post-rationalization.In B N College, the number of sanctioned posts has been reduced from 128 to 74, while in Patna College, the number of posts has been reduced from 72 to 55. Even as there has been no change in Magadh Mahila College, the posts have been reduced from 101 to 64 in Patna Women's College. As many as six posts have been curtailed in Patna Law College.In postgraduate departments of PU, the total number of sanctioned posts of teachers in different subjects of science, humanities, social science and commerce, has been reduced from 293 to 207. On the whole, PU would now have to contend with only 590 posts of teachers in place of about 850 (sanctioned earlier by the government), i.e. lose more than 25% posts. The rationalization of posts has been done presumably on the basis of students' strength in different subjects.PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh has already constituted a three-member committee headed by science faculty dean, Upendra Kishore Sinha to expedite the implementation of the government-approved rationalization of posts. Other members of the committee are PU geography teacher K N Paswan and registrar Vibhas Kumar Yadav.Meanwhile, expressing his concern over the process of rationalization of posts, Patna University Teachers' Association general secretary S B Lall said it is strange that instead of sanctioning more posts of teachers in view of the introduction of several new courses, the government has curtailed even the existing strength. There is much difference between teaching in schools and in universities. In schools, the posts of teachers can be fixed on the basis of strength, but it can't be done so in universities where the teaching is research oriented, he added.QuoteNot a single post has been created in any subject in PU after 1975, despite manifold increase in the number of students during the period. But instead of increasing the strength of teachers, the government has decreased the number of posts to less than 600. Unless the strength of teachers is increased, teaching is bound to suffer. The problem has aggravated further with the introduction of semester system from the current academic session.- Randhir Kumar Singh, Patna College teacher", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16595290", "title": "Illegal encroachments: Government sleeps over action against babus", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite various court orders in different times to take stern action against the officials involved aiding rampant encroachment in water bodies or involved in promoting illegal mining in the state, the government till date has failed to take action against any officer.The bureaucrats who are in the dock for sleeping over the encroachments are still holding plum posts.\"We are complying court orders. Since some of the orders are new, we will find the details and fix the responsibility,\" said CK Mathew, chief secretary.Similar views were echoed by minister for urban development and housing, Shanti Dhariwal, who called for stern action against the culprits. \"Politicians and government officials who were involved in allotting land to private parties in the dry riverbed will be shortlisted and identified to face punishment,\" he said.However, sources in the government claim that only minor actions will be taken against the guilty as a face saving exercise. \"It is not an administrative lapse. Everything is being done on the behest of the some politician. If officials are punished then flames of it will envelop those who forced the officials. No one will take that risk,\" said a senior official.The apathy of the government in taking any action raises more concern in the backdrop of the severe rap from the high court.In 2004, the high court asked the state government to hold all bureaucrats and state officials responsible for every unauthorized construction, encroachment, illegal housing colony or a commercial enterprise set up in an area falling under the jurisdiction of the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA), Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) or Rajasthan housing board, the enforcement officer/inspector/deputy commissioner/zonal officer.The court also categorically said that remarks shall be entered in the annual confidential reports (ACR) of the officers who preferred to overlook the encroachment in Amanishah Nullah. \"In the ACR of the defaulting officer, specific entry shall be made to the effect that during his posting in the area, unauthorized construction or encroachment took place or an illegal colony was set up or an illegal commercial enterprise was established in a residential area or an area which was not meant for the commercial activity,\" the court said.The division bench went to the extent of making the guilty officer's appointing authority \"duty bound\" to initiate proceedings for contempt of court and departmental inquiry against him/her. For the compliance of the court judgment, additional advocate general RP Singh who represents the government in Amanishah Nullah and the Ramgarh Dam encroachment litigations also wrote a letter to chief secretary CK Mathew.The only response from the government's end to bring transparency and accountability in its functioning was to make it mandatory for all government officials to put their complete name, designation and date after signing official documents. The decision was taken after lot of records, in which permission for the construction was granted were found without any name, date and signature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16597022", "title": "Allahabad bids adieu to Lord Ganesha", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The ten-day Ganesh Utsav festivities in the city culminated on Friday on the occasion of Anant Chaudas with the immersion of Ganesh idols at the Saraswati Ghat.Celebrations at the local pandals including Maharshtra Lok Mandal at Alopi Bagh rounded off on Friday with the traditional Ganesh Aarti and pujan. The idols were later on taken into a truck amid beating of drums and chants of \"Ganpati Bappa Moriya\".Rows of vehicles carrying the Ganesh idols could be seen moving along the Yamuna Bank road with enthusiastic band of devotees following closely behind.On the other hand, a large number of devotees also gathered on the banks of Sangam to take dip on the occasion of Anant Chaudas. The occasion is considered pious and absolves one of his misery and pain, said local priest Govind Pandey.Anant Chaturdashi or Anant Chaudas was also celebrated with gaiety and fervour by Jain community in the city. Devotees observed fast while a steady stream of visitors thronged the Jain temples at Benigunj, Parsvanath temple and Digamabar jain temple Naini and others.Aarti and Abhishek was performed at Zero road Jain temple under the supervision of Pandit Shailendra Jain and Navin Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16597209", "title": "Jharkhand State Electricity Board staff stage protest, threaten to go on strike", "text": "RANCHI: Employees of Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) on Friday staged a protest against the decision of the board to hand over distribution and maintenance of power supply to private companies in cities like Ranchi, Dhanbad and Jamshedpur.Staging a dharna outside the board's office in Kusai Colony, they said that the decision to hand over distribution to private players will lead to steep rise in power tariff. \"We are not going to allow privatization in the state and if the board is adamant then we will go on indefinite strike from November 6,\" said an employee.A senior member of JSEB officers union, Prashant Chaturvedi said that before going on strike the employees will lock the board headquarters on October 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16596581", "title": "Timely campaign focuses on need for rate card", "text": "When we at Bhumi began the campaign on Change.org at the end of June to nudge the government into revising the auto fares, little did we foresee that it would become such a movement. Our target was to get 5,000 signatures, meet the transport commissioner and let him know that the revision of auto fares is a pressing need felt by every harassed auto user in the city. The campaign received coverage on The Times of India on Day 6 and since then the media, especially TOI, has played a proactive role in building public opinion.Two months ago, when we first met the transport commissioner, he was very receptive to our demand for an immediate revision of fares and strict enforcement of the same. We also suggested the rate card idea which is being successfully used in Bangalore and Mumbai. Though we were somewhat disappointed at the scepticism of the officials who felt rate cards would be inconvenient, they assured us the government would revise fares regularly.The commissioner also promised that they would study the fare structure in neighbouring states and recommend a fare revision to the ministry within two weeks. We were quite shocked to see our petition being added to a nearly empty file on auto fares. However, two weeks later, when we followed up with him, we were pleasantly surprised that he had submitted the report recommending fare revision to the transport minister.The commissioner had warned us that after his recommendation, it would be a political decision. So we were prepared for either a swift decision or a long wait for the wheels to turn. Getting into the secretariat just before Independence Day was more difficult than meeting the minister. The minister seemed affable and listened to us patiently before asking us to return for a detailed discussion later. We kept visiting him frequently, and was told that he had spoken to the transport commissioner and that we could further follow up with him. The commissioner informed us that the file was with the home ministry and we could expect a decision soon.Just when we were unsure how to proceed further, TOI started the 'Missing meter' campaign. With the CITU auto union threatening to implement its own rate card if the government doesn't come up with one, change seems imminent.(K K Prahalathan is co-founder of Bhumi, an NGO, and an ophthalmologist who initiated the Chennai Auto online campaign to revise auto fares in the state)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pursurah (hooghly)", "code": "16597104", "title": "Vicious spiral of big crops, bigger losses", "text": "PURSURAH (HOOGHLY): Every time there is a bumper crop in his field, Kashinath Maity of Uttarpara feels jittery. To him, a bumper crop only means distress sale and huge input losses. \"Last year, the price plunged to such a low that I sold off my harvest at Rs 25 per 50-kilo 'packet' (50 paise per kilo). I know many of my fellow potato growers threw their year's labour into the ponds,\" said Kashinath.This year production is balanced and the price seems to be stabilized. The production this year is 85 lakh metric tonnes against 1.05 crore metric tonnes in 2011. By the time prices were jacked up last year, the distress sale was over and thousands of farmers ruined. \"Only big farmers, who could overcome the fear of distress sale, got Rs 180 per packet. But even they could not recover input costs,\" said Kesab Ghosh, Tarakeswar Krishi Samabai Samity chairman.The state government may be rooting for the traditional marketing chain, but it has not been able to control the fluctuation of prices, the manipulation by middlemen, and the hoarding by mahajans that have tormented farmers for decades. The potato market is still controlled by a section of very influential middlemen. They are the ones that make or break a potato-grower. \"The fear of distress sale is so ingrained in us that I sold high quality Chandramukhi potatoes at Rs 320 a packet (50-kg sack), which makes it Rs 6.40 a kg,\" says Nitai Mondal, who has to do odd-jobs so that his family does not go hungry.Mondal knows that the potato he sold to the foreys (middlemen) at Rs 6.40 per kg is now being sold in Kolkata at Rs 18 per kg. Wonder why the price rises by 300% by the time it reaches your para market in Kolkata? It's due to a long chain of foreys (middlemen) who thrive at the expense of farmers.The farmer sells part of his produce to middlemen. The rest goes into cold-storages, which issue bonds against the stored potatoes. When the stocks are 'released', another brand of intermediaries - unemployed youths of the village - comes into the picture. They collect the bonds against the prevailing market price and usually get a margin of Rs 5 per packet when they sell the bonds to mahajans (big intermediaries). However, in the fluctuating market, these bond-sellers also incur losses if the mahajan's price plunges below the farmer's bond-price.The mahajan is the biggest fish in the food chain. He has a big role in determining the price of potatoes to maximise his profit. It is here that potatoes are hoarded and deliberately coated in ela soil and brick dust to cheat on weight. \"When the potato comes from the fields it is very clean. Dust is added to it later. The ela-clay makes the potato harder and worsens the taste,\" said Kesab Ghosh.TOI met one such mahajan, Haripada De, in his sprawling gaddi. He was reluctant to divulge his trade secrets and only said that he invests Rs 6 lakh at harvest time and takes home a neat 200% profit. He insisted he was small fry. \"There are much bigger mahajans who deal in crores,\" he said.Once the potatoes reach the urban wholesale markets, there is another chain of intermediaries - dala-party, which keeps a margin of Rs 10 per packet, haat palla, which keeps another Rs 10-20, and finally Khaoke party (retailer). By the time, you stand before your friendly neighbourhood potato seller, the long chain has inflated the price to Rs 18 a kilo. Yet the likes of Kashinath Maity stare at another year of selling potatoes at Rs 6.4 a kilo - if they are lucky.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595682", "title": "Focus on cardiac problems in women and children", "text": "NAGPUR: Heart ailments are largely associated with the elderly population, mostly men.In recent years, though, women and youngsters have been seen struggling with cardiac troubles, too. Keeping this trend in mind, the focus area of this year's World Heart Day is prevention of cardiac problems in women and children. Most of the reasons for this disturbing trend are related to lifestyle choices and can be controlled by the individual, say doctors.\"The high number of patients is also because of better detection techniques, which have improved the detection rates, too. But several problems which were earlier seen in people past their 40s are being seen in people in their early 20s now,\" said cardiologist Dr Mahesh Fulwani.He believes that keeping a check on one's calorie intake and regular exercise can be good preventive measures. \"Women have a natural immunity against heart trouble, especially in the premenopausal phase. However, even younger females are having acute heart attacks these days. Moreover, increasing number of young diabetics means that this group is also more prone to heart diseases in the future,\" said Dr Anil Rajgire, president of city chapter of Cardiac Society of India.Many of the youngsters ignore the first signs of trouble, he said. \"Symptoms like breathlessness, lack of stamina and tiredness are thought to be arising from other, trivial problems. Such symptoms should be taken seriously and examined to reach their cause,\" he added.Talking of heart troubles in children, head of the cardiology department of Super Speciality Hospital, Dr Mukund Deshpande said that kids with parents or siblings suffering from cardiac problems are more likely to fall prey to the same. \"Sedentary lifestyle has spelt disaster for this generation. It would be good if we could start health awareness programmes for schoolchildren. This way they would be able to make the right choices for themselves from an early age,\" he said.\"The youngest person I have seen having a heart attack was only 17. Many of our younger patients with very high blood pressure and hypertension are those from the IT industry,\" said cardiologist Dr Vikas Bisne. With irregular work hours, no set time of eating and sleeping and high level of stress, those in the IT sector are exposed to many of the risk factors, he added.He also expressed concern about teenagers with high blood pressure due to the immense pressure to perform. These teens, he says, are more likely to have many health issues, including those related to heart.HEALTH WATCHRISK FACTORS: Obesity , diabetes , sedentary lifestyle, family history, stress, hypertension, high cholesterol , irregular diet and sleeping patterns* Avoid high calories consumption and junk food* Exercise or engage in physical activities regularly* Avoid alcohol, smoking or chewing tobacco* Monitor factors like blood pressure, cholesterol regularly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16598605", "title": "Notices to 64 schools for charging excess fee: Govt to HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city government on Friday told the Delhi high court that it has started issuing notices to 64 private schools to refund the excess fees charged by them in 2009 without paying salaries to their teaching and non-teaching staff as per the Sixth Pay Commission.Appearing before the bench headed Justice B D Ahmed, the counsel for the Directorate of Education, Delhi government, told the court that the department has started issuing notices following the judicial panel's suggestions last month.A three-member committee headed by former Rajasthan high court chief Justice Anil Dev Singh, set up last year, had examined the financial records of 200 schools on a random basis out of total 1172 schools and submitted its first interim report before the court.The committee said in its report that 64 schools \"unjustly\" increased fees and recommended that all of them refund the same with 9 per cent interest to the parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16594876", "title": "Harley Rock Riders held in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: Harley Rock Riders, an event to promote Indian rock bands, was held in the city for the first time. The event started on September 26.The event was aimed at knowing more about the people of the northeast and their love for rock music, fashion and motorcycles. The event also served as an important platform for indigenous rock bands to showcase their talent.Famous rock bands like Mumbai-based Pentagram and Digital Suicide performed on Thursday. The event also promoted the Harley Davidson culture, which is related to the concepts of free spirit and free living. The Harley Rock Riders serves as a medium to connect music and motorcycles and to revolutionize the spirit of rock in the country.\"We are glad that the northeast will be witnessing the event for the first time. After Guwahati, the event will be held in Shillong. The event was organised keeping in mind the passionate attitude of the people of northeast in relation to their love for fashion, rock music and Harley Davidson motorbikes,\" said Adarsh Tulshan, dealer of Bengal Harley.He added, \"We have potential customers in the region, but we have no plans to open any showroom here in the near future.\"\"Pentagram and Digital Suicide performed in the city on Thursday while 'Bhayanak Maut' and 'Street Stories' will perform in Shillong on October 6. Apart from the performances, there will be a special boot camp where visitors will be given an authentic Harley Davidson experience. The boot camp in the city was held on Fridayand the same will be held in Shillong on October 7,\" said Divyadh Singh, a person related to the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lambi (muktsar)", "code": "16597567", "title": "Cops lathicharge protesting special educators", "text": "LAMBI (MUKTSAR): The police cane-charged special educators, who were planning to march towards Badal village to press for their demands on Friday. The cops tried to stop them near Lambi police station, but they remained defiant. Police then targeted them with water cannon and cane-charged them. Eight protesters, including four women, got injured and 17 were arrested by police. A case has been registered against them.The special educators were demanding salary hike and refund of June's pay. They had been protesting for the past many days in Lambi. On Friday, they gathered at Baba Maan Singh Stadium and headed for the CM's residence when police intercepted them.\"The police beat the protestors up mercilessly. While injured special educators Manoj Kumar, Varinder Singh, Harpreet Singh, Baljeet Grover, Amanjeet Kaur, Kamla Kumari, Bhupinder Kaur and Rajni Bala were admitted to hospital, 17 were arrested by police. Despite all this, we will continue our protest until our demands are fulfilled,\" said district association president Deepak Kumar.\"Nine persons have been booked for interrupting officials on government duty and jamming the national highway,\" said Muktsar SSP Indermohan Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595573", "title": "Cabinet reshuffle likely", "text": "MUMBAI: Ajit Pawar's exit has turned the focus on other tainted ministers in the DF government, like Chhagan Bhujbal, Sunil Tatkare, Gulabrao Deokar and Jaidutt Kshirsagar (all NCP), and Rajendra Darda (Cong). Sources said a rejig in portfolios is imminent following Pawar's exit. Whether these ministers will remain in government and retain plum portfolios is a matter of debate in political circles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16594763", "title": "Six child labourers rescued", "text": "INDORE: A joint team of labour department, women and child development department and Childline rescued six children reportedly aged between 8 and 14 years, who were made to work under hazardous conditions at a godown near Dewas Naka, here on Friday evening.The district programme officer of women and child development department, Vishal Nadkarni said that the department received information that children were made to pack poisonous pesticide named Thyrum into small packets at the godown. Also, they were touching the harmful chemical with bare hands.Of the six children rescued, one was of around 8 years old while the others were all below 14 years, he said.Wasim of Childline said that the gates of godown situated at Rahul Gandhi Nagar near Dewas Naka were closed when they reached there to rescue children.Investigation is on and medical tests of the children would be conducted soon. Labour department has also initiated action against the person who had employed these children, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16599570", "title": "Multi-state co-operative cannot acquire state co-operative: Gujarat HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has held that a multi-state cooperative society registered under the Central Act cannot takeover a cooperative society registered under a State Act.A division bench observed so while dealing with an appeal against single-judge's order rejecting a plea against notice of auction of petitioner - Jagdish Rochani's property mortgaged with a state cooperative bank, which was later acquired by a multi-state cooperative bank.The bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala took up the issue for decision whether a multi-state cooperative bank registered under Multi-State Cooperative Societies Act, 2002, having taken over a cooperative bank registered under Gujarat Cooperative Societies Act, 1961, could legally enforce a money decree under provisions of the State Act.The bench answered the issue in negative saying that such acquisition is not possible under the law. \"This is is also confirmed by the Reserve Bank of India in its Circular dated February 2, 2005, saying that there are no specific provision in the State Acts or the Central Act for the merger of a cooperative society under the State Acts with that under the Central Act,\" the court said.As per case details, Rochani, had taken a loan of Rs 7 lakh in 1999 from one Unnati Cooperative Bank Limited (UCBL), registered under the Gujarat Cooperative Societies Act, 1961. Since Rochani failed to pay monthly installments, the bank had attached his property.The UCBL later in 2006 got merged with Cosmos Cooperative Bank Limited (CCBL), a bank registered under the Multi-State Cooperative Societies Act, 2002. CCBL in September 2009 issued notice for auction of Rochani's property as he had defaulted on monthly repayments.Following this Rochani moved the HC challenging the auction notice. A single judge refused to entertain his plea, but the division bench ruled in his favour holding the merger as in violation of legal provisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595585", "title": "Power supply snapped to Peera Garhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Power supply was disconnected to the Peera Garhi relief camp in west Delhi because of non-payment of dues to the tune of Rs 6.27 crore by the government. Most of the inhabitants of the camp are Punjab migrants who were being provided electricity free of cost.As per a recent cabinet decision, the Delhi government allowed the discom to snap power supply to illegal migrants but continue to provide free power to 188 bonafide families. However, having failed to identify any of the 188 bonafide families, the discom disconnected supply to upto 1,500 residents.The discom said dues up to Rs 6.27 crore had not been paid.In August this year, the government had agreed to pay dues to the tune of Rs 2.55 crore to power companies on behalf of bonafide families but refused to pay for illegal migrants. \"Those staying illegally will have to pay for power and water supply,\" said a government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16597334", "title": "Congress leader locks up teachers", "text": "MALDA: The teachers of a high school in Malda's Habibpur were locked up for six hours on Thursday, allegedly by a local Congress leader who was infuriated over his daughter's love affair with a senior student. They were finally rescued by police after 10 pm.The boy, who studies in Class X, is the son of a poor peasant while the girl is a Class IX student of the school. Her father is a rice mill owner and an influential Congress leader of the area.The month-long affair, however, did not last long as the girl's guardians got hold of one of the letters from the boy. Her father immediately lodged a complaint with the teachers against the boy, t they reportedly did not pay much attention to it. The duo, however, stopped meeting each other in private. But the girl's father wasn't happy.On Thursday, the girl's father went to meet the principal around 2pm along with some of his associates, most of whom were drunk. But the principal had gone to meet the district inspector of schools.The principal's absence infuriated the men. They reportedly roughed up some students and abused the teachers before locking them up.When the men refused to budge even till late in the evening, police were called. The agitators then imposed some conditions, namely girls would enter the classroom only with a teacher and the latter would not use mobile phones in the classroom.Finally, the teachers were released at 10 pm.The principal said on Friday that the guardians had been called for a meeting. \"The agitators had no academic complaints and wanted to show their strength on flimsy grounds. Is it possible to restrict girls at this age like they have demanded? We will hold a meeting with guardians as well as with students after school hours to ensure a proper academic atmosphere. But we won't give in to any unwanted pressure,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16595681", "title": "Sachan's family rubbishes CBI report", "text": "LUCKNOW: Family members of Dr YS Sachan have termed the CBI closure report as untrue. \"It is for the CBI to tell why they have filed such a report and who do they want to save,\" said Malti Sachan, his widow. The family was not at all satisfied with the findings of the CBI, she added. The family also raised questions on the CBI releasing a press note in Lucknow saying, \"In how many cases does the CBI provide a handout to the media and why had they done so in this case.\"A judicial inquiry was conducted by chief judicial magistrate Rajesh Upadhyay, who submitted his report on July 10, 2011 stating that the circumstances clearly indicated that Dr Sachan's death was a murder. The CBI report however has no mention of the findings of the judicial probe at all.Social activist Sachidanand, who is a petitioner in NRHM scam related cases, said, \"We will approach the high court if needed and get a copy of the closure report to find out the basis on which the CBI had reached the conclusion that Dr Sachan had committed suicide.\" Prince Lenin, another petitioner in the NRHM scam related cases, said, \"The High Court should appoint a special investigating team (SIT) to scan the CBI report and investigate the matter.\" The CBI report has generated strong political reactions as well. BJP leader and spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said that CBI report has clearly tailored to suit the requirements. \"It appears that the CBI report has successfully managed to save some political compulsions and that is what the agency has been doing so far,\" he said talking to the media in Surajkund (Haryana). Senior Congressman and Union law minister Salman Khurshid said that CBI report has left unanswered quite a few questions related to the multi crore NRHM scam. He said the court would go through the report and then decide to accept the CBI's closure report or not.In Lucknow Congress leader Pramod Tewari said that investigations into all the NRHM related cases were being carried out under the supervision of the court. \"It is for the court to decide if the report was correct or not,\" Tewari said.SP spokeman Rajendra Chaudhary said going by reports that have emerged till date in connection with NRHM scam it appears that the CBI probe lacked objectivity. He added that SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav will decide the party's official stance on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16597037", "title": "Vice-chancellor's dinner diplomacy ahead of syndicate elections", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vice-chancellor of Gujarat University (GU) Adesh Pal hosted a dinner on Friday night at his residence ahead of the syndicate elections which are slated to be held on Sunday. The dinner venue was later shifted to BJP leader Amit Thaker's house.Pal is said to have invited candidates who are contesting the elections with the BJP support. Key senate members and BJP leaders were also invited to review the pre-poll situation and constitute strategies to ensure that BJP candidates get the maximum seats. The GU syndicate elections for 10 seats will be held on Sunday. Nineteen candidates are contesting on these ten seats. Three seats were declared uncontested which were supported by Congress.Meanwhile, key BJP ministers are reported to be negotiating with the senate members to turn the syndicate tide in BJP's favour, especially as a number of BJP leaders active in the university have become inactive. \"There is lot of disgruntlement in the BJP leadership in the university, especially with the appointment of Pal who is seen as aggressive. His decision to revoke suspension of controversial lecturer Pradeep Prajapati has not gone down well with many leaders,\" said a GU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16595000", "title": "CoP-11: Beauty drive comes alive as deadline looms", "text": "HYDERABAD: City authorities seem to have finally got their act together, albeit at the eleventh hour. On Friday afternoon, a little over 48 hours before international delegates start trickling into the city for CoP-11, the host venue, Hitex-HICC, was seen swarming over with labourers working hard to wrap up the beautification drive in time. Having moved along at snail's pace for the best part, civic works were on in full swing on Friday, the scorching heat notwithstanding.If the unfinished footpaths were finally seen getting freshly tiled up, ragged patches of road were being hurriedly evened out. Hectic activity was visible along the road dividers as well with workers filling the empty flower pots and covering the barren medians with green patches.And there were several municipal tankers watering the freshly planted saplings, placed between Shilparamam and the NAC gate. Plenty of tankers were spotted in other parts of the city as well, mainly along roads leading to the venue which would be hoping to retain the lush green look intact at least till Monday.A green carpet had sprung up on the sides of HICC's arterial roads and pretty flower beds, which seemed to have been put together overnight, had spruced up the look of the area which until two days back was far from being pretty. The few dozen municipal workers deployed to clean up the streets leading to Hitex-HICC, too, appeared like a new initiative by the authorities to keep the venue tidy before D-Day.But while these last-minute efforts have the observers impressed, there were a few glaring areas that still need attention, the stench around HICC being one of them. The sewage-filled water body inside the HICC complex is yet to be cleaned. While workers were on Friday seen clearing garbage on the lake's sides and even planting bright seasonal flowers, it was of little help against the stink. The helipad looked more like a night halt for trucks (there were heavy vehicles parked there on Friday) and the many broken patches of roads around the venue were also an eyesore.Further, the gigantic sculptures standing in front of Shilparamam (right opposite the Hitex arch) looked rusted and drab. And the concrete stands (upon which these sculptures would be mounted), seemed far from complete. As neither did the shabby Hitex arch which has been under renovation for several days now.According to observers, it would take another week to complete all the beautification works. \"These works are likely to be wrapped up only in time for the visit of the foreign ministers and our Prime Minister to the city (October 16, tentatively). At least that's how it seems, from the pace at which it is progressing,\" said an observer.Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) authorities, however, were confident of finishing all works by the weekend.When contacted, S Aleem Basha, zonal commissioner (west zone) and in-charge of the venue, said, \"We have already completed the works within Hitex-HICC. What is pending is repairing of the stretch between the Hitex arch and the main gate. We still have two days and are sure to get everything done in time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596928", "title": "Tamil Nadu farmers hope SC order will salvage crops", "text": "CHENNAI: The Supreme Court order directing Karnataka to release 9,000 cusecs of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu has neither enthused nor disappointed farmers in the Cauvery basin districts. Though Mettur dam was opened recently, nearly three months behind schedule, water has not reached many tail-end areas in the delta. Farmers are guarded in their reaction to the Supreme Court order and hope that the north-east monsoon will save the samba, which is the long-term crop of about 150 days.Many farmers have gone in for direct sowing and they hope the water released would at least recharge the groundwater, which at present is very salty. \"It is a consolation given the circumstances. But the water has to be released, only then can we transplant the paddy crop and save it from the onslaught of north-east monsoon,\" Arupathy Kalyanam, general secretary, federation of farmers associations in delta districts told TOI.Having given up the kuruvai (short-term) crop this year due to lack of water, farmers hope the SC order will salvage the samba crop at least. \"It is a welcome move. With the water released, we can manage samba crop till the onset of monsoon,\" said Mannargudi Ranganathan, general secretary, Cauvery Delta Farmers Welfare Association.\"It is partial relief. The water released from Mettur has not reached the tail-end areas and the groundwater is also salty. If Karnataka releases water as per the SC order, it will recharge the groundwater and farmers can make use of the borewells to cultivate their land,\" said Raja Chidambaram state secretary, Tamilaga Vivasayigal Sangam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16597360", "title": "Two 'humiliated' advisers of Gour Banga university resign", "text": "Malda: Two advisers to the Controller of Examination of University of Gour Banga have resigned from their posts. They alleged that their suggestions were ignored while publishing BA/BSc results, which were finally withdrawn after three days of its publication.Vice-chancellor Achintya Biswas had to face flak while appointing Samar Mishra and Pallab Dasgupta, the advisers who resigned on Friday, earlier this year. It was alleged that the VC did not consult the university council before appointing the duo. \"We took the responsibility to improve the examination department. But our suggestions were ignored and the results were published in a hurry. We decided to step down since we were humiliated for days,\" Mishra said. \"I haven't received their resignations yet,\" the VC said.Crisis of the University of Gour Banga (UGB) deepened with the advisors resigning over the non-cooperation from officials. They have tendered their resignation letter to Vice Chancellor after failing to meet VC for the whole day yesterday although the latter refused to make comment over this issue. This came within a month of the result fiasco that marked the university.It may be recalled that back on 7th June of this year within a month of Vice Chancellor Achintya Biswas took his office, two retired college teachers----were appointed as the advisors to Controller of Examination (COE) department. on the face of huge controversy regarding their appointment without consulting the University Council, VC defended the matter saying the advisors were appointed 'to set COE department, which had so many grievances against, in order.'However, the inclusion did hardly have any impact as the university had the shame of withdrawing the result of BA/B Sc within 72 hours of its publication last month. An enquiry regarding the fiasco was set up. The revised result came second week of this month where the number of successful candidates just doubled up to 85% in place of 58% in the earlier one. If the previous was faulty, the second one too was not beyond controversy.At this Mishra and Dasgupta expressed their disgust as their advices were not taken by COE. Yesterday, both of them wanted to see the VC, but could not meet him despite waiting for the whole day. Finally they submitted their resignation to VC's office.VC did not meet us and now I have no intention to meet him anymore.\" Controller of Examination Sanatan Das said, \"Whatever I had to say I told VC and won't make any comment.\"VC said, \"I haven't received their resignation yet and will look into it only after getting those.\" Meanwhile, the resignation of the duo is seen as a conflict within TMC as Mishra was working president of Trinamul Congress influenced Gour Banga Siksha o Sanskriti Unnayan Mancha (GBSSUM). Even Naresh Roy, leader of TMC influenced college teachers' association, too did not accept this in good humour, \"I have heard that the advisors were ignored which is most unfortunate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16597507", "title": "HC nod to Arun Kumar for Thai trip", "text": "KOCHI: Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan's son V A Arun Kumar was permitted by the Kerala high court on Friday to attend an international seminar to be held in Thailand next month.Kumar, who is presently an additional director of IHRD, approached the court challenging the government decision not to grant leave or permission to attend the seminar on bioinformatics. The petitioner can attend the seminar on his own expenses without presenting himself as a representative of the government or IHRD, Justice P R Ramachandra Menon ruled. The right of the petitioner to travel freely, which is guaranteed by the Constitution, cannot be denied, the court held.The state had contended that permission to travel cannot be granted, as a vigilance enquiry is pending against Kumar. He is being probed on the basis of allegations of corruption while he was managing director of Coirfed. and production of false documents for doing research, the government had submitted.The government had also informed the court that investigation is progressing and final report on the two cases would be filed before courts soon.However, the court disagreed with the reasoning of the government, pointing out that permission to travel cannot be denied now as final reports haven't been submitted to courts nor any departmental proceedings been initiated against Arun Kumar.Opposition leader VS Achuthanandan's son VA Arun Kumar was granted permission by the Kerala High Court on Friday to attend an international seminar to be held in Thailand next month.Arun Kumar, who is presently an additional director of IHRD, approached the high court challenging the government decision not to grant leave or permission to attend the seminar on bioinformatics.The petitioner can attend the seminar on his own expenses without presenting himself as a representative of the state government or IHRD, Justice PR Ramachandra Menon ruled.The right of the petitioner to travel freely, which is guaranteed by the Constitution, cannot be denied, the court held.State government had contended that permission to travel cannot be granted now as a vigilance enquiry is pending against Arun Kumar. The petitioner is being probed on the basis of allegations of corruption while he was managing director of Coirfed and production of false documents for doing research, the government had submitted.The government had also informed the court that investigation is progressing and final report on the two cases would be filed before courts soon.However, the court disagreed with the reasoning of the government, pointing out that permission to travel cannot be denied now as final reports haven't been submitted to courts nor any departmental proceedings been initiated against Arun Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16597097", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee stresses on teacher training", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee underlined the importance of teacher training and updating of teaching pedagogy.Talking to a group of specially-abled children, Mukherjee said a formal training was essential for parents of such children to sensitize them on providing best possible support to their wards. \"It is important for teachers to receive training and constantly update their methods... The training of parents and care givers is always critical as they can supplement or destroy the good work done by the professionals. A formal training is invaluable in sensitizing them on how they may give the best possible support to the special children,\" the President said.A group of 40 children of 'Tamana special school', led by its principal Shyama Chona, met Mukherjee at Rashtrapati Bhavan.\"You are very special children ... of courage and determination ... The training that you receive (at Tamana school) will help you in overcoming impediments to develop your aptitude. It will make you skilled in various ways and, above all, it will help you to become self-reliant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16597011", "title": "North Central Railway Women Welfare Organization felicitates Railway staff", "text": "ALLAHABAD: President of North Central Railway Women Welfare Organization (NCRWWO) Chitrangada Johri felicitated rail employees on Friday for being part of welfare activities being pursued by the NCRWWO.Chitrangada Johri observed that NCRWWO has organized different welfare programmes for staff and their children. In this connection, children are being trained in various fields, a school christened Tenderfeet School is being managed by the organization. Further, many programmes are being initiated for the employees who are ill.In addition to this, children who were the inners in the painting/drawing competition and essay writing competition were also given prizes by the president of NCRWWO. Excitement was writ large on the faces of the children who won the painting and essay writing competition. Other office bearers of the NCRWWO including Ranjana Rawal, Dolly Mittal, Neelam Varshney, Madhulika Mathur, Afshan Kabeer, Sita Rani, Chavi Gupta, Ritu Gupta, Shobha Agarwal and Sushma Saxena were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nawashahr", "code": "16597577", "title": "Medical negligence case: Inquiry points at 'callous attitude' of doctors", "text": "NAWASHAHR: An inquiry to probe medical negligence at a private hospital where newborn premature male twins were declared dead after their birth at a private hospital and a night later one was found gasping for breath even after being kept in a mortuary for around 10 hours, has held doctors responsible for showing callous attitude in handling the case.The joint panel of Banga SDM and SMO submitted its report to Nawashahr DC Tanu Kashayap on Friday, who had ordered the inquiry on Tuesday after the family brought the matter to her notice. As Nawashahr SSP Dhanpreet Kaur had written to Civil Surgeon Dr Ashwin Kumar for constituting a board for an expert enquiry latter deputed Banga SMO Dr Renu Sood with SDM Vijay Kumar Syal for conducting the enquiry.While officials remained tight-lipped about the contents and conclusions of the report, sources revealed that the inquiry has held that it was a case of sheer medical negligence and callous attitude on the part of doctors at the private hospital where the babies were delivered.When contacted, DC Tanu Kashyap said she was away in Chandigarh for attending a meeting and would be able to order further action after going through the report on Saturday.It may be recalled here that seven-month-pregnant Jaspreet Kaur had delivered twins through caesarean section at a private hospital in Banga on Sunday late evening but the doctors told the family that the twins were dead and handed over the wrapped \"bodies\" to the family who kept them at the mortuary of Guru Nank Mission Hospital, Dhahan Kaleran on the same night at around 10pm.However, when they took the bodies back from the mortuary on Monday morning one baby was gasping for breath and had even come out of the towel in which it was wrapped. The baby was rushed to GNM Hospital where specialists tried hard to save the baby for three hours, but failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16596233", "title": "Journalists held hostage by 'mining affected folks'", "text": "PANAJI: A group of journalists from three states, who were attending a workshop on environment at Rivona, were restrained for two-and-half hours by a group of 80-odd people believed to be affected by the closure of mines in Goa.The journalists were on a field trip to Cuprem near Rivona as part of the workshop.Souparno Banerjee, media in-charge of Centre for science and environment, which was conducting the workshop said, \"The workshop was held to look at issues critical to the people.\" He said journalists from Goa, Karnataka and Maharashtra were part of the field trip which was aimed at showing what mining was doing to water sources in the area.Describing the incident which occurred at 12.30pm, Banerjee said, \"We were held hostage for two-and-half hours. It is an issue of freedom of the press. These strongarm tactics were uncalled for. If we do not address the threat, it might go out of hand.\"A local journalist, expressing surprise over the action of the people, said \"We had not gone there to open or close any mines.\" He recalled that some of the people who blocked the bus were the same people also responsible for the ruckus created during the Shah commission public hearing.\"People abused the journalists using foul language. The group had written to the Quepem police requesting for police protection 10 days ago. Three policemen arrived in 10 minutes but reinforcements arrived only after two hours,\" said an editor of a Marathi daily.The editor of an environmental publication said, \"Nowhere so blatantly people allow mining in the heart of a reservoir area (Selaulim).\"Over a year ago, a journalist was restrained and manhandled by a security guard outside a mining office at Cavrem, Quepem, before he was pushed into a jeep and taken to their office because he was clicking photographs of mining. The case is chargesheeted and being heard by JMFC, Quepem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16596053", "title": "Don't transport coal from stockyard: Goa State Pollution Control Board to Mormugao Port Trust", "text": "PANAJI: Following an order from the high court of Bombay at Goa allowing the unloading of a coal consignment at Mormugao Port Trust's (MPT) berths 10 and 11, Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) on Friday issued directions to MPT that coal and coke presently in the stockyard should not be transported, handled or shifted but properly covered with tarpaulin.GSPCB said that while allowing the vessel to unload, MPT should ensure that the stack height of coal/coke should be restricted to five meters. \"Handling/unloading operating from the vessel should be discontinued/suspended temporally during very strong dusty winds,\" the GSPCB order said.GSPCB also asked MPT to ensure that water sprinklers installed are fully operational during unloading and to deploy a mechanized dust sweeper while unloading the ship.\"Ambient air quality monitoring should be carried out at six locations during the unloading activity and reports should be submitted to GSPCB,\" board secretary Levinson Martins said in the order.The order also stated that MPT should intimate to the board before unloading commences and provide a detailed schedule.Shraddha Ispat Pvt Ltd had approached the high court after GSBCP on September 24, stopped coal and coke handling operations at berths 10 and 11 saying measures taken are not adequate to control pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16594792", "title": "Angrau governing body constituted", "text": "HYDERABAD: After a gap of more than two years, the state government finally constituted the governing body for Acharya NG Ranga Agricultural University (Angrau) with eminent scientists and progressive farmers on Friday.Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy endorsed the names of the board on Thursday night. In the nineteen-member committee, S L Goswamy (director, Directorate of Rice Research, Rajendranagar), and agricultural scientist E A Siddiq will represent the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR).Renowned agriculture economist and member, World Agriculture Forum , Aldas Janaiah, M Venku Naidu (Agricultural College, Naira), R Sarada Jayalakshmi Devi (S V Agricultural College, Tirupati) have been named as members of the academic council.From the legislative side, MLAs Praveen Reddy (Husnabad) K Sudhakar (Madakasira), MPs Kavuri Sambasiva Rao (Eluru) and Suresh Kumar Shetkar (Zaheerabad) were nominated as members. The board has four progressive farmers namely N Chandra (Guntur district), N Reddappa Reddy (Chittoor), Malkud Narayana (Rangareddy district) and B Mamatha (Chittoor) as members. Angrau vice-chancellor, principal secretaries of panchayat raj, finance and commissioner, agriculture and director of animal husbandry would be ex-officio members. The committee also has two members from the agro-industries sector.The post meant for pachayat raj chamber will be filled up later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16595657", "title": "Passing out or passing through?", "text": "While theory and practice are two different worlds in every profession, the difference is stark when it comes to teaching.In the entire 'life cycle' of a teacher, the syllabi is sort of a sacrosanct document within the realm of which all activities have to be planned. First as students, then graduates, then trainees and finally as teachers, the maximum limit for everything the educators do is defined by the syllabi.Even though new teachers are confronted with a different scenario in the real world, the syllabi restricts how much they can innovate to overcome the hurdles.A CBSE school principal, said, \"The current teacher training system has developed as a delivery mechanism where the product, which is the syllabi in this case, has to be delivered within a specified time. Teachers have been trained like robots who are not thinking out of the box. During our interview sessions these fresh graduates were given a school essay and we asked them to frame five questions. Everyone came up with typical rote questions which could be answered verbatim by students. I was expecting them to use some innovative thinking and come up with questions that require students to first comprehend the content and then answer.\"Other principals too shared similar experiences which revealed that abysmally low quality of teachers are passing out from training colleges. While there are always exceptions to the rule, even training colleges agreed that majority of the trainee teachers were below par.Principal of a Teacher Education Institute (TEI), said, \"We cannot make our trainee teachers turn into brilliant candidates within a year. We have to work with whatever quality of students we get. Most of them join this course only because it is a mandatory requirement to get job in schools. There are some institutes in the city that allow students to remain absent and just appear from some practical test and the final exam, so what quality can you expect?\"While passing the buck and blame-game continues, the fact is that when trainee teachers pass out they are in for a rude shock. Jennifer Michael (name changed), joined a popular CBSE school last year and was in for a shock. \"I completed my Bachelor of Education (B. Ed) from Nagpur University and my first month at school was nothing that I had expected. I felt as if I had to do so much work with half the time limit practically possible. Completing the course is just one part of teaching, we have do a lot of paperwork and there are extra curricular activities to organize. These are things that we are not taught at TEI and I now realize how little I have learnt there,\" she said.A senior teacher, said, \"Teaching is an art and no one can teach someone this. This art means not only transferring knowledge to students but also managing time and optimizing your work schedule. Things get better with experience but you need to have it in you, to at least get a head start. I have been teaching for two decades and am considered as a good teacher but I wasn't a brilliant student.So academic performance in school or during B. Ed does not guarantee a great teacher at all, you need passion for this job which I think is lacking in today's trainees.\" She adds that for most new teachers, this field is just another source of income and never really a career choice.So when a cosy job, extra income and easy work environment become the reasons for choosing a career it is no wonder that the victim will be quality of education. Good teachers are, and will always, be there but they seem to be too far and few in between. With majority of private schools paying pitiful salaries it is not wonder that teaching is the 'last refuge' when it comes to career choices.Teacher salaries in pvt sector keep fallingPrivate schools in the city are paying as low as Rs3,000 per month to teachers with a Diploma in Teacher Education (D. TEd). The ones with a bachelor's degree are not well off either with salaries barely crossing the Rs8,000 mark. In Nagpur there only two private CBSE schools that pay all their teachers sixth pay commission level salaries. With little incentive from rest of the schools and limited scope in government schools, it is not surprising that teaching does not attract quality recruits in the numbers that are required.Female dominated field, which makes for good second incomeSchool teaching profession is virtually ruled by the fairer sex. Many attribute it to the fact that teaching is just an extra income for the family. Urvashi Yashroy, director of Tuli Group of Educational Institutes, agrees that females do form the bulk of trainees. \"I would say that in most of the TEI, including ours, around 90% are females. Almost every family nowadays depends on double income and teaching is seen as a rather comfortable job for females. Also if their children study in the same school then management gives almost 50% discount on fee, which is again a saving,\" said Yashroy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16596889", "title": "HC bench sets aside single bench order on Visvesvaraya Technological University exams", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench on Friday set aside the interim order passed by the single bench asking Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU) to notify the date for conduct of supplementary exams for the 2011-12 batch.\"Courts must be circumspect in issuing direction which may be well neigh impossible to implement, such as holding of examination within a short span of a week, that too at the university-level examination. In any event, we do not find any violation of the mandate of equality as enshrined in the Constitution vis-a-vis the differential academic regime in affiliated and autonomous colleges,\" the division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen observed, while allowing the writ appeal filed by VTU. The appeal had challenged the September 3 order of the single bench affecting 30,000-odd engineering students.The bench, however, directed for listing of the petitions on October 3 before the single bench for further consideration. It also noted that attendance criteria is same for both 215 affiliated and 14 autonomous colleges and pass percentage is 35% and 50 % respectively, making it clear that standards at autonomous colleges higher and more stringent.ADVICE TO STUDENTS, PARENTS\"We wish to remind students that to study a technical course, they must have the requisite attitude and not join on account of peer pressure or to please their parents. Many a time, lack of aptitude for a course of study or admission to a course against the wishes of students lead to disinterest and it may be another reason for lack of attendance...\" the bench observed.ADVICE TO VTU\"It is distressing to us as it could be for VTU, that there are as many as approximately 30,000 students who have failed in various semesters. The VTU is responsible for ensuring that standards are maintained in its constituent colleges and take necessary steps to remedy the problems of falling standards in engineering education in the state,\" the judge observed.Apart from VTU, some of the students who have become ineligible to join fifth semester on account of non-clearance of certain subjects from the previous semesters have claimed that they were not given the same benefit (supplementary exams) by the single bench, as given to students who joined the course in 2011-12.The VTU on the other hand has claimed that guidelines with regards to autonomous institutions are governed by AICTE regulations and cannot be equated with their regulations.PROVIDE EX GRATIAThe high court on Thursday directed the state government to release some ex gratia amount as immediate relief to members of the family of one Raghu, who died while cleaning a septic tank at a hostel in Chitradurga in January last year. Justice Ram Mohan Reddy also ordered issuance of notice to the social welfare department. Raghu's wife Anjali and three children have filed a petition seeking Rs 10 lakh compensation. Raghu suffered serious burns as the methane gas inside caught fire from the candle he took. He succumbed to burns in hospital after 15 days.NOTICE ON WINDMILLA division bench headed by the Chief Justice on Friday ordered notice to state and central governments and KREDL on a PIL filed by Cauvery Janmabhoomi Trust seeking commissioning of windmill power project atop Brahmagiri hills near Talacauvery. The petitioner claimed that though windmills were erected in 1986-87 for generating 0.55 MW of power, the same was not commissioned and had become obsolete. The petitioner wants the project to be commissioned so as to provide uninterrupted power supply to seven surrounding villages including Cherangala, a villlage bordering Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16597574", "title": "JD(U) MLA's husband snatched police carbine at Khagaria", "text": "PATNA: Former MLA Ranvir Yadav on Thursday wielded a carbine at Khagaria to disperse the angry protesters who were pelting the government officials' vehicles with stones and shouting slogans against chief minister Nitish Kumar during his 'Adhikar Yatra' in the trouble-torn town.Footages shown by various news channels on Friday clearly depict Ranvir wielding a carbine after snatching the firearm from a policeman on duty while marching towards the 'Adhikar Yatra' venue. The policeman, whose carbine was forcibly snatched by Ranvir, had to plead with him to get back his firearm.TV footages show Ranvir even firing in the air to disperse the crowd of protesters, who were adamant on attacking the cavalcade of the CM. Later, Ranvir also snatched a stick from a constable and attacked the protesters to drive them away from the road through which the CM's cavalcade was to pass.The husband of present Janata Dal (U) MLA from Khagaria, Poonam Yadav, Ranvir is famous in public as a 'bahubali' and convicted offender of infamous Lakshmipur-Taufir diara carnage of 1985. As per police records, Ranvir and his men had hacked nine persons to death and thrown their bodies into the Ganga in the carnage after plundering and burning over 200 houses of poor families.Ranvir himself had won the assembly election from Khagaria seat in 1990 as an independent candidate, defeating his nearest rival Satyadev Singh of Congress. However, he lost the elections in 1995 to Chandramukhi Devi of BJP. As MLA during 1990-95, Ranvir remained associated with the then Janata Dal.In the next elections held in 2000, Chandramukhi Devi, too, lost the elections to Yogendra Singh of the CPM. In February 2005 assembly elections, Ranvir fielded his wife Poonam Yadav as the LJP candidate, who won the polls defeating Chandramukhi Devi of the BJP. In November 2005, Poonam Yadav, along with several other LJP MLAs, switched their allegiance to the JD (U) and won the assembly elections as JD (U) candidate, defeating Geeta Yadav of the CPM.Again in 2010, Poonam Yadav won the assembly elections from Khagaria for the third time defeating Sushila Devi of LJP. In all these three elections, locals say, Poonam was virtually a dummy. Actual election was fought between the muscle power of Ranvir and his rivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16594424", "title": "Urdu drama fest in Iqbal's memory", "text": "BHOPAL: An Urdu drama festival will be held in memory of composer of Tarana-e-Hindi Allama Iqbal at Ravindra Bhavan from October 3 to 6. The festival has been organised by Sahitya Akademi of Madhya Pradesh Sanskriti Parishad under which four Urdu dramas will be staged every day at 7 pm.On the first day of the festival, Rang Sheersh, Bhopal will stage famous Urdu dramatist Agha Hashr Kashmiri's play 'Yahudi ki Ladki.\" It will be directed by Sanjay Mehta. On the second day, drama 'Zindaginama' written by Rasheed Anjum will be staged by Rang Samuh.It will be directed by Ashok Bulani. On October 5, Urdu drama \"Duhai Luqman\" directed by Nazeer Qureshi will be staged.Drama \"Khala Kamaal Ki\" written by Rafi Shabbir will be staged on October 6, the concluding day of the festival. This Adakar group presentation will be directed by Farrukh Sher Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595945", "title": "Tricksters dupe elderly women", "text": "NAGPUR: Two women, including a senior citizen, were robbed by tricksters posing as cops on Thursday evening. After robbing a 52-year-old woman, tricksters also decamped with valuables from a senior citizen in two separate incidents.In the first incident, Kundan Panchmatiya was robbed by a duo who posed as policemen at Wardhaman Nagar. The tricksters warned Panchmatiya of an undergoing checking ahead as a murder has taken place in the vicinity. The culprits took the valuables and changed them with some wires wrapped in a cloth. The stolen valuables were worth Rs 2.5 lakh. Lakadganj police has registered an offence.In another incident near Tukdoji putla, 72-year-old Nirmala Jamgade was robbed by impostors posing as policemen when she was returning home after purchasing vegetables. The tricksters decamped with valuables worth Rs 20,000. An offence was registered by Ajni police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595581", "title": "Auto unions slam process for permit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The issuance of new autorickshaw permits by the transport department has run into problems even before the first permit was given out.Autorickshaw unions protested against the 'lack of transparency' in the process. Kishan Verma of All Delhi Auto Taxi Union said, \"Vehicles coming for fitness tests are not by genuine drivers but representatives of the finance mafia. The department's promise that drivers who don't drive other commercial vehicles will not be given permits is being violated.\"On Friday, around 10 vehicles had come for fitness tests, with department sources saying that permits for these vehicles would be given by Saturday.\"The transport department had promised that only genuine drivers would be given permits but the vehicles coming in are being financed by the same financers who have been running a racket till now,\" said Verma. He's not the only one complaining. Another union leader, Rajender Soni, claimed the transport department had not subsidized the price of the GPS-based fare meters despite assurances by the department.The complaints come even as the department awaits vehicles to come in for the new permits. Said a senior department official, \"It's been a fortnight since the permits have started being issued, but not a single vehicle had come forward in the first few days.\" Officials denied the charges of finance mafia behind the financing of the new vehicles, saying that permit conditions had been kept stringent to keep them away.The transport department has put in conditions for the permits like a valid driving license and a transport department issued public service badge. New permit owners will also have to produce a hire-purchase lease that is from a nationalised bank or financing company approved by the RBI or a competent authority notified by the central government. \"This will ensure that new permits are only taken out by genuine people and not by the finance mafia,\" said the senior government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16595472", "title": "HC directs cops to help woman who sold son", "text": "CUTTACK: Taking suo moto cognizance of a news report published in The Times of India about a woman who sold her two-year-old son for Rs 5,000 to meet legal expenses of her jailed husband, the Orissa high court on Friday directed police to immediately rescue the baby and hand over the child to his mother. The report was published in TOI on September 24 under the headline 'Woman sells son for Rs 5K'.Division bench of Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice B K Mishra also directed the state government to provide free legal help to the poor woman so that she can get her husband released from jail.The news report narrated the plight of Rakhi Patra from Mundamala village in Jajpur district, who was forced to sell her two-year-old son. Rakhi's husband Manoj Patra was arrested by police two months ago for theft. The couple used to work as daily wage labourers. The court directed the government counsel to file a status report in the matter by next week, when it will be taken up for hearing by the division bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595337", "title": "Seepage weakened Tardeo building: Maharashtra Housing Area Development Authority", "text": "MUMBAI: The flooring of a bedroom in Soona building at Tardeo, which collapsed on Wednesday, was structurally weak, said Mhada engineers who inspected the premises. A 78-year-old polio-afflicted Parsi senior citizen, who was sleeping in the bedroom, died in the collapse.\"The building is almost eight decades old and must have developed internal problems like seepage. This would have weakened the building parts could not bear the load of even a bed or cupboard or tables lying in the room,\" said Mohan Thombre, chief officer of Mhada's Mumbai Building Repair and Reconstruction Board (Mbrrb). The Mbrrb is planning to start repair work of the affected portion within two months at an estimated cost of Rs 4 lakh to Rs 6 lakh.Soona building is managed by a Parsi trust and has over 10 tenants. The trust relocated all the tenants in an adjoining building with Mhada facilitating water and electricity services.Mhada officials believe it would be better to pull down the cessed building entirely instead of repairing It.Mhada has categorized cessed buildings into three types: A (those built pre-1940 ), B (1940-1950 ) and C (1951-1969 ). According to the records with MBBRB, there are 14,995 cessed buildings in the island city. \"Of these, 852 are being redeveloped under the government's 33/7 scheme. So far, 542 cessed buildings have been redeveloped. Currently, 2,659 buildings have received the no-objection certificate for redevelopment,\" said Mbrrb officials.The cessed structures-most of them built before 1940-are private buildings in south Mumbai and the responsibility of repair and maintenance lies with Mhada. The tenants pay cess to Mhada as the landlords find it impossible to maintain the structures with the low rents.Officials said sooner the tenants and landlords decided on the fate of the building , the better it was. \"Timely repairs of the building are important. Rs 2,000 per sq m has been stipulated for repair work. Since repair work usually exceeds the amount, the Mhada acquires the structure and reconstructs it or residents decide to redevelop it,\" said an official. In reconstruction, the government agency officiates the process-razing the structure and developing it-while in redevelopment , the society gets private developers. Once the building goes in for reconstruction or redevelopment , it ceases to be a cessed building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16596151", "title": "No more cash for Goa board toppers", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa board of secondary and Higher secondary education wants to put to rest even the last few remnants of the merit system. The board had done away with the tradition of declaring the fifty toppers at the Class X and XII Goa board exams in 1999, to help reduce the performance stress on students. Now, the Board will now stop awarding cash prizes to subject-wise toppers as well.\"Declaring toppers puts pressure on students to work for each extra mark to make the cut,\" a source said. \"Though the Goa board discontinued declaring the merit list, the practice of giving awards to subject-wise toppers continued.\"The award money was given to the students through cheque payments and the prize amount came from individual donors.\"The matter was placed before the Goa board executive council (whether the practice of awarding subject-wise toppers should continue or not), in view of the discontinuation of the merit list. The council, in its meeting held on August 22, decided to discontinue the practice,\" the source said.The board will now write to the donors to inform them about discontinuation of the practice of giving away cash awards.The increasing competition also meant that the number of toppers in a subject has been on the rise and this too was a reason for the Board to discontinue the cash awards. \"Over the last few years, it was noticed that the award money becomes very negligible, like 8 or 15 per topper, as there are a large number of students securing very high marks at the board examinations,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16597614", "title": "St. Michael's High School celebrates patron's feast", "text": "PATNA: St Michael's High School (SMHS) celebrated the feast of its patron, St Michael, with prayer service and cultural programme on its campus on Friday. Principal of the school Fr Peter Arokiasamy said, \"While celebrating St Michael's Day, we thank God for the grace bestowed upon us in the past year.\" The feast falls on September 29 but it was commemorated a day before as Saturday would be a holiday. Fr Arokiasamy said a lunch was organized for the staff and teachers and sweets were distributed among students. He added that a holy mass (special prayer service) was also celebrated for the Christian students and teachers. The theme of the programme was \"Triumph of truth over evil\", informed Donald Lawrence , senior teacher and in charge of the programme. He added, \"A two-minute silence was observed to remember those members of SMHS family whom we lost during the past year.\"AISA: Students of Patna University led by All India Students' Association (AISA) organized a protest march from Darbhanga House to Dak Bungalow roundabout to demonstrate against increasing incidents of crime against women in the state on Friday. A research student Sushmita said, \"Today women are unsafe everywhere as they face violence and gender based discrimination. The government, on the other hand, is giving refuge to such criminals.\" An AISA member Neetu added, \"We will retaliate if the crime against women is not brought under control.\"Montessori School: About 100 students of classes III to VI of Montessori School participated in an exhibition on \"Honing the creative skills\" on Friday. Their exhibits included products of 'best out of waste' items apart from other decorative items like candles, climbing butterfly, spiral snake and paper flowers. Chairman-cum-managing director of the school Zahra Ahmad said, \"Through these efforts we teach the techniques needed to spark imagination for generation of creative ideas.\" A model of the school prepared by a class V student Aaditya won the first prize.Thought centre: A 'Thought Centre' for creating awareness among adolescents against declining sex ratio in Bihar is being organized by Centre for Women Empowerment, Bihar, in association with Gender Knowledge Centre of sociology's department of Magadh Mahila College and Action Aid, Bihar on Saturday.BITP: A 'Startup Ecosystem' to create awareness about entrepreneurship is being organized by Entrepreneurship Cell of Birla Institute of Technology Patna (BITP) on Saturday.FIAGES 2012: A fellowship course, FIAGES 2012, will be organized by the department of Gastro-Intestinal Surgery of IGIMS in association with Gastro and Endo Surgeons (IAGES) from October 4-7. Renowned Laparoscopic surgeons from India would be participating in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16597165", "title": "Gross enrollment at nearly 19%, shows survey", "text": "NEW DELHI: HRD minister Kapil Sibal on Friday released provisional data of Higher Education Survey showing Gross Enrollment Ratio (GER) at 18.8% with huge difference between male and female GER. While male GER has gone up to 20.9%, for females, it is a distant 16.5%.However, overall GER of over 18% is being considered significant as the target for 2020 was 20%. Sibal said at this rate, it would not be a surprise if GER reached 30% by 2020, putting India in the league of the US. The survey, based on self-declaration, has so far received data from 448 of 621 universities and more than 8,000 out of 27,468 colleges. A clearer picture will emerge after all the institutions upload data not only about enrollment but on a host of other parameters like research, distance education, status of technical education etc.However, the GER figure does not get translated evenly for SCs and STs. SC students comprise 10.2% of total student enrollment while STs are at a meagre 4.4%. But OBCs have done much better with 27.1% of them in the total enrollment. Women OBC students are at par with their male counterparts as they comprise 26.8% of OBC enrollment.The survey shows that regular mode of higher education is popular with 82.7% students enrolled going to universities and just over 17% enrolled in distance mode. Specialization-wise survey showed that 54.3% of enrolled students were in general courses, 17.4% in veterinary courses and 5% in medical. Among responding universities and colleges, approximately 45% of universities and 36% of colleges were specialized in one particular sector. Also, nearly 1% of universities and 9% of colleges were exclusively meant for girls' education.The survey also showed that approximately 57% of colleges were under private management and 22% were in the government sector. Of the standalone institutions, 64% came under private management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16597641", "title": "JD(U) demands probe into Khagaria incidents", "text": "PATNA: State JD(U) president Vashishtha Narayan Singh and party's national spokesman Shivanand Tiwary on Friday demanded a high-level probe into the incidents of violence and vandalism at Khagaria during CM Nitish Kumar's Adhikar Yatra on Thursday.They blamed the members of RJD, Congress, Yuva Shakti led by former MP Rajesh Ranjan alias Pappu Yadav and LJP led by Ram Vilas Paswan for the violent protests against the CM. \"We demand a high-level inquiry into the series of incidents which appear to be planned - rather pre-planned - sponsored and highly provocative,\" Singh said.The CM has embarked on the district-level Adhikar Yatra to rally people around the demand for special category status to the state. Singh said what happened at Khagaria was not a normal democratic protest.\"It is unfortunate and surprising. The CM has undertaken various official 'yatras' in the state, but Adhikar Yatra is a political one with rousing response everywhere. The opposition parties in the state apprehend for their existence in the state. Therefore, they have engineered this kind of protest against the CM, but the November 4 rally will not be affected,\" Singh said. \"It is a very dangerous situation. But Bihar has moved far ahead of the days when leaders (allusion to RJD chief Lalu Prasad ) used to talk about protests with well-oiled lathis,\" he added.Incidentally, former Khagaria MLA Ranbir Yadav and his supporters have come into limelight for using police guard's carbine to browbeat and disperse the agitators so as to clear the road for the CM to reach the venue to address the public on the day. \"We don't condone Ranbir Yadav for what he did, but his response and reaction should be viewed in the backdrop of the prevailing situation,\" Tiwary said.Singh, on the other hand, said the state JD(U) headquarters has asked the party's rank and file not to pick up confrontation with the agitators anywhere in the state. \"Law will deal with the situation, and no body, not even Ranbir Yadav, will be spared for taking law into his hand,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16597503", "title": "Gang rape victim identifies two accused", "text": "ROHTAK: The victim of gang rape in Pillu Khera town of Jind district on Friday identified two accused who were arrested on Thursday night. Meanwhile, another arrested person, Suraj Mal, was discharged after the victim cleared his name in the court.The police produced two accused Ballu and Rinku in the court of judicial magistrate Mona Singh in Safidon sub division that sent them in seven days police remand. Safidon DSP Virender Singh said the victim appeared in the court and identified the accused.\"She also clarified in her statement that she had mistakenly named Suraj as one of the accused, but he was not involved in the crime. We have discharged him,\" the DSP said.He said the police were still trying to nab the third accused Sandeep Singh, who is at large. The police had arrested his father, Azad Singh, who is currently in judicial custody for 14 days. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16596989", "title": "Potholes will be filled in 30 days", "text": "BANGALORE: Any problem on underground drainage, including leakage, should be fixed within three days, while roadside debris has to be cleared within a day and potholes have to be filled within 30 days! Sounds too good to be true? Well, if the government has its way, these services brought under Sakala will help citizens breathe easy.Urban development minister S Suresh Kumar on Friday said this will help ease problems on already congested roads in the city. Besides the above, the government has brought many other services under the time-bound citizen service delivery system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mcleodganj", "code": "16597448", "title": "Tibetans' self-immolation issue: Mixed reactions from community", "text": "McLEODGANJ: The four-day special meeting held here to discuss the burning issue of self-immolations in Tibet has drawn mixed reactions from the community. If one section is appealing the government in-exile to come out in full support of the victims, the other section is opposing it.\"They are our own men dying for genuine Tibetan cause, for which we have been struggling for the last many decades. It is high time to support them. I do not understand why our government is not coming out in open to support the victims,\" said Tashi Dorjee, 32, who is based in Bhutan.Tenzin Tsundup, a writer and Tibetan activist in late twenties, told TOI, \"Though our government has repeatedly advised them to not to do so, I consider them martyrs \u2014 those who are sacrificing their mind, body and soul for the cause of Tibet. We support them as they are not harming anybody and have adopted a peaceful way to make their voice heard.\"The special meeting of Tibetan diaspora was called to discuss various issues like self-immolations in Tibet against the Chinese oppression and to decide future campaigns, both inside and outside Tibet. \"Discussions and meetings are always good to reach on any consensus amicably. But we strongly demand that the Tibetan government-in-exile should extend open support to victims of self-immolation as only then will the outer world take this issue seriously,\" said a delegate from the US.\"We have full sympathy with the people of Tibet. Everyone knows that they are deprived of even basic human rights and forced to opt for self-immolation out of sheer frustration. But it is against the tenets of Buddhism and nobody could openly support it,\" Paldin, 28, who is based in Dharamsala, told TOI.Penpa Lobsang, 30, an accountant from London, added, \"There is no question of supporting or not supporting. We cannot influence them or support them while sitting miles away (from Tibet). In fact, an international delegation should go there to find out the truth behind self-immolations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16595654", "title": "Lucknow University Students Union election: Distribution of nomination forms begins", "text": "LUCKNOW: The distribution of nomination forms for the student elections at Lucknow University began on Friday. According to the university officials, as many as 40 forms were sold. The university had begun the distribution of application forms before getting hold of nomination forms from September 26. Till date, nearly 600 forms have been taken by the students aspiring to contest student elections. The last date for obtaining the application form is October 1, while all nomination forms will be submitted on October 6.To collect the database of the students contesting elections, the university has this time introduced the concept of filling up application forms. \"After the candidate submits the application form, he will be given the nomination form,\" said Prof NK Pandey, returning officer, LU student election.The application form contains basic details such as name of the candidate, course including semester, subject and section, post on which the candidate will contest elections, name of parents, addresses, details of examinations passed and others. However, the university could not upload the first voter list, as it promised to do on September 28 till 5.00 p.m. University officials said that the cross checking of names took them a long time, but the list will be uploaded till late in the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16597099", "title": "40% of total heart patients youth", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In the past three years, the number of patients suffering from cardio-vascular diseases (CVD) has multiplied 1.5 times in Sangam city. The strength of young patients comprises 40% of total CVD patients which has left the heart experts shocked.Noted city-based cardio-surgeon, Dr DK Aggarwal admits 'more and more youngsters' are becoming prone to the epidemic of heart diseases because of their sedentary lifestyle and bad eating habits.While the entire globe is all set to celebrate \"World Heart Day\" on Saturday (September 29), doctors are more stressing to create awareness regarding the fact and aware people about factors responsible for it.Doctors here pointed out \"cardiovascular diseases are the world's largest killers, claiming 17.3 million lives a year\". Risk factors for heart disease and stroke include raised blood pressure, cholesterol and glucose levels, smoking, inadequate intake of fruit and vegetables, overweight, obesity and physical inactivity.A recent survey too being carried out country's urban hubs, revealed the strength of heart-unhealthy people at a high 72%. \"This means 72% of the total respondents had a moderately high risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD),\" said the experts. A high 64% of the respondents between 30 and 34 years had more than one elevated risk factor, implying that young India is far from healthy. The survey also disclosed that on an average 94% Indians failed to take the essential three to five servings of fruits and vegetables every day.Pointedly, when a 22-year-old youth suffering from cardio-vascular disease came before the doctors, they were all surprised. When doctors went through the history, they found that it was only family history and life-style leading for the same.This is not an isolated case. When a 25-year old student pursuing his post- graduation in city was to for an angioplasty after suffering a heart attack, the doctors found that the major artery supplying blood to his heart was blocked. Doctors also found that there was no history of heart ailments in his family. The main culprit was junkfast food and absence of physical activity.Dr. Aggarwal, meanwhile, points out \"youngsters are generally seen consuming junk food, avoid exercise and lead sedentary lifestyles, is the major cause behind increasing patients of young people. It's a serious trend for our society,\" he added. Notably, the World Health Organization (WHO) too considers four factors - diabetes , hypertension, cholesterol and smoking - to judge healthy hearts. But this study also took into account factors like obesity, HDL and family history.A very high percentage of city denizens also had sugar imbalance.With scores of people all across the globe suffering from heart disease, it's one topic that you shouldn't disregard. Here, the good news is that with a few simple lifestyles changing tips could bring desired results and one can easily reduce their risk and keep the heart healthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16596320", "title": "First class local tickets to cost more from October 1", "text": "MUMBAI: Travelling first class on Mumbai's suburban trains is set to get costlier from October 1 due to the imposition of service tax. The fares will go up by 3.7%.The revised rates, though, are yet to be announced. \"The fares are still being calculated and will reflect in the system from midnight on September 30,\" said an official.If the tax is calculated, the minimum fare for a first class single-journey ticket is expected to rise from Rs 45 to around Rs 47 from October 1. Similarly, the fare for a 60-km journey will go up from Rs 135 to an estimated Rs 140. The prices of monthly and quarterly passes, too, will increase accordingly.The revised fares, though, will not be applicable to passes purchased before October 1. For example, a person who renews his/her monthly pass even on September 30 will not have to pay the new rate.This has been clarified by the railway board. \"The service tax is not applicable to tickets issued prior to October 1, 2012,\" it has said. The first class fares were last revised on April 1. Despite that, Western Railway witnessed a 25% growth in the sale of first class card tickets in April-June as compared to the same period in the last fiscal. On Central Railway, the growth was almost 15%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16596148", "title": "Forest Rights: 1,700 tribal claims so far", "text": "MARGAO: The process of scrutinizing the claims received from tribals under the Forest Rights Act will soon begin in the 30 village panchayats of the tribal dominated areas of South Goa.The claims-over ownership of land, community rights, right of way, etc-will first be scrutinized by the forest rights committee (FRC) constituted in every village as required under the Act.South Goa district collector, N D Agarwal, who chaired a review meeting over the implementation of the Act on Thursday, disclosed that over 1,700 claims have been received by the FRCs so far.Quepem tops the list with 710 claims, followed by Canacona with 590 claims. FRCs in Sanguem and Dharbandora have received 278 and 158 claims respectively.The FRCs will now verify the claims and prepare a map delineating the area of each claim indicating recognizable landmarks.Following the approval of these claims by the respective gram sabha, they will then be submitted to the sub-divisional committee headed by the sub-divisional officer.Following the approval by the district-level and state-level committees, the claims will be settled as provided in the Act.Speaking to TOI, Agarwal said seven village panchayats from the four tribal-dominated talukas of the district have failed to constitute FRCs so far.Efforts are one to enable these panchayats-Xeldem, Quitol, Naqueri, Shirvoi (Xeldem VP) and Morpirla in Quepem taluka, and Agonda and Poingunim in Canacona taluka- to form the FRCs at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16596792", "title": "Tomato prices crash after late harvest", "text": "COIMBATORE: A bumper harvest coupled with poor demand from neighbouring Kerala has forced the price of tomato to crash in wholesale and retail markets. Prices have fallen to Rs 3 to Rs 7 per kg depending on the variety in the retail market from Rs 25 to 30 last week.Market sources blame the decline in demand from Kerala as the major reason for the falling prices. The arrival of high breed varieties in large quantities from Mysore has also forced prices to dip. According to tomato farmers in Thondamuthur and Kinnathu Kadavu, this is the second time in the last two years that they are facing a crisis. A similar situation had occurred six months ago when a bumper crop led to a crash in prices.In Coimbatore and Tirupur, the farm gate price of a 15-kg box of tomatoes has plummeted to an abysmal Rs 20 from Rs 50 last week. \"The crisis will continue till Deepavali. By then, the demand in the domestic market as well as in Kerala will pick up. The bulk arrival of high breed varieties from Mysore is also affecting our prospects,'' said V Thangavel, a farmer from Thondamuthur. In Coimbatore district, thousands of farmers in Theethipalayam, Mathampatti, Alamthurai, Narsipuram, Kempannur, Viraliyur and Semmedu cultivate tomatoes. It is a major crop in Kinnathu Kadavu in Pollachi road also.There are reports that farmers from areas like Udumalpet are feeding their crop to cattle. Many among them have allowed ripe tomatoes to rot in the field as the present prices are insufficient to meet even the cost of harvesting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16596952", "title": "India to discuss Kudankulam safety with Sri Lanka", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taken aback by what it describes as \"propaganda'' in Sri Lanka against the Kudankulam nuclear power plant, India has offered to discuss the safety aspect of the pressurized water reactors with Lankan authorities. The dialogue mechanism between the two nations for cooperation on nuclear issues will include talks on Kudankulam safety when a Sri Lankan committee visits India later this year.\"The safety aspect will be a part of the broader agenda for talks over cooperation in nuclear energy but we are already telling them that India will abide by all international conventions over nuclear safety at Kudankulam,'' said an official dealing with Sri Lanka.Although the government in Sri Lanka has not raised any objection to the reactors, the Indian establishment in Colombo has been stunned by a spate of reports in the local media \u2014 in the run-up to loading of fuel in the first unit at Kudankulam - about how these reactors were going to adversely impact the island nation. Earlier this week, the Indian high commission issued a clarification saying that safety measures instituted at the plant were of the highest order.\"India is party to the Convention on Nuclear Safety (1994), Convention on Early Notification of a Nuclear Accident (1986), and the Convention on Assistance in the case of a Nuclear Accident or Radiological Emergency and is fully aware of, and complies with, its obligations under these conventions,\" it said.\"The Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant is a state-of-the-art plant that is compliant with the highest safety standards available in the nuclear industry today,'' it added.While it is well known that India's vote in favour of a US-sponsored resolution at the UN Human Rights Council against Sri Lanka has infused fresh life into anti-India elements in the country, Indian officials have been surprised by the intensity of what seems like a hate campaign against New Delhi.Apart from those on Kudankulam, there has been another series of reports about India aiming its missiles at Lanka's strategic installations. Indian officials, for weeks, looked upon these reports as too frivolous to merit any reaction but were forced to issue a statement on Thursday after these refused to die down.\"Speculation on such sensitive issues, in a manner calculated to mislead, is out of tune with the spirit of the friendly and close relations India and Sri Lanka enjoy, including in the fields of defence and security,'' said the high commission statement, adding that India's indigenous missile programme was defensive in nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16597594", "title": "Heart trouble: Women catch up with men", "text": "CHENNAI: This year, World Heart Day heads straight to the hearth. While the theme for September 29 is 'One heart, one home, one world,' the focus this time is on cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention in mothers and children. And with good reason too. \"Earlier, for every five men, you would see one woman with CVD. Now, the gap has reduced. For every three men, there are two women who need treatment,\" says Dr I Sathyamurthy, senior interventional cardiologist and director of department of cardiology at Apollo Hospitals.Dr Paul Ramesh, senior cardiothoracic and transplant surgeon at Apollo Hospitals, says that 30 years ago, less than 10% of coronary artery bypass patients were women. \"Today, 30% of the patients are women,\" he says.\"Conventional wisdom was that women were protected from heart disease till menopause. Now, that has been proved a myth. We are seeing younger women with heart disease, which is a result of a complex interplay of genetics and environment,\" adds Dr Ramesh.Like in the case of S Aparna, who two years ago, at the age of 38, never thought she would be seeing herself wheeled into the emergency room for a heart attack. \"I felt a severe pain in my chest suddenly and slumped over. I was rushed to the hospital and told that I had an anterior valve myocardium infarction. All I could think about was my two-year-old daughter,\" says Aparna.\"While the doctors told me that the attack could be attributed to genetics and lifestyle, I must admit though that between work and home, I was neglecting my health,\" she says.Dr Sandeep Attawar, director of cardiac surgery and transplantation at Global Healthy City, says that women in India tend to be seen only as mothers or grandmothers. \"She is always seen as the giver and ends up neglecting her health,\" he says. \"When women complain of chest pain, they are not taken seriously. Most of them don't go for regular check-ups ,\" he says.One of the reasons for the increasing number of women with CVD is stress as many have a lot more to juggle with at work and home. Lack of exercise and bad food habits add to the problem, say cardiologists. \"Also, women are hitting menopause earlier than before, losing their hormonal protection. We are also seeing more cases of surgical menopause,\" says Dr Sathyamurthy.The cardiologists say that the heart attack is just the end stage symptom of a disease that has built up for several years. \"What you are seeing as a heart attack at 50 years has begun at five years,\" says Dr Attawar.The good news though is that with increasing awareness and economic independence more women are being detected with cardiovascular disease. \"At least we are now beginning to catch it early,\" says Dr Ramesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16596129", "title": "How will the hike in bread prices affect the common man?", "text": "I support the increase in prices of bread, but not a steep hike from 2.50 to 4 as this will badly affect the poorer sections of society. Prices of ingredients like flour and sugar have gone up and it is becoming very difficult for the bakers to keep prices low. All the same, a gradual increase over a period of time would be better then a sudden steep hike.Uday NasnodkarService, MapusaAs bread is an integral part of the Goan meal and is consumed for breakfast, lunch, tea and dinner, any rise in prices will affect the common man. The rise in prices will add to the inflationary burden faced by the people, especially in a state like Goa. However, consumption of this essential commodity will not reduce.Dishanta MalkarnekarStudent, MolcornemI feel every baker hates a price hike because bread is a staple food of all people in the society. So, the government needs to help the bakers by providing subsidy for raw materials and labour. A price hike usually leads to a reduction in demand in the market as the common man will hesitate to buy bread in usual quantity. With prices spiralling out of control, I will not be surprised if bread becomes a scarce commodity in the near future.Peter Fernandesmarketing director, PanajiSince bread is an essential commodity and forms an important constituent of the common man's daily meal, it is unreasonable to effect a steep hike in bread prices. It is very unfortunate that our government has failed to control the prices of essential commodities and as a result it will affect the budgets and nutritional needs of the common man, as he will not get a hike in salaries to match the increase in prices. In other parts of the country bakers are using the same raw materials to make bread yet the prices are subsidized by the government. At this rate, it will be very painful to see the common man unable to afford even two loaves in a day.Mary Jayne Diaspublisher, Caranzalem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16600129", "title": "Vinayakudu pair is back onscreen", "text": "Krishnudu and Sonia who have sizzled in the super hit film Vinayakudu directed by Sai Kiran Adivi, are all set to recreate the magic again with another rom-com. The duo would be coming together for a film titled Mr. Manmadha to be directed by Bellamkonda Satyam and jointly produced by M. Sita Rama Raju and G. Sri Ramulu.The film was launched on Wednesday in Hyderabad where Pokuri Subba Rao gave the first clap, producer M. L. Kumar Chowdary switched on the camera switch and Sravanthi Ravi Kishore directed the first scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "16597261", "title": "Four injured in fire at Indian Oil Corporation' refinery", "text": "HALDIA: Four persons were seriously injured when a fire broke out inside a diesel storage tank at the Indian Oil Corporation's (IOC) refinery on Friday afternoon. Three fire tenders from the IOC fire station were pressed into service to douse the flames.The four contractual workers - Gurupada Pramanik, Gautam Manna, Purnendu Manna and Dil Bahar Hossain - sustained burns as one of the pipelines carrying diesel cracked around 1pm, leading to a leakage. The diesel got ignited and with sparks flying from the welding machine, the fire spread.The tanks (no: 704 and 706) were undergoing inspection and maintenance work at that time. The fire spread, injuring many.Though many workers were injured, four labourers were the worst affected and had to be rushed to the local IOC hospital. They were later shifted to a Kolkata hospital.IOC HR manager N K Parmar said, \"The company is bearing the expenses for treatment of the labourers. Thankfully, there has been no damage to the IOC complex. While a part of the unit had to be closed, production was unhindered.\"Amiya Kumar Samanta, a labourer who was also present at the time of the fire, said, \"Around 12 of our fellow workers suffered minor injuries. Some of us managed to escape unhurt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16595470", "title": "Odisha cooperatives come a cropper", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In the age of retail boom and shopping malls, the poor man's cooperative store is now almost a closed chapter. With around 5000 cooperative societies and a membership of around 80 lakh people in Odisha, the cooperative movement in the region is sluggish.Inherent weaknesses such as over dependence on state help, lack of initiatives, inadequate and unstable business operations and accumulated loss are the major factors crippling the cooperative sector in the state, said experts at the East Zone Cooperative Conference organized here on Friday.\"Cooperative societies in the region have not yielded the desired results due to predominant state control, which in turn has led to lack of public confidence in the cooperatives,\" said Antaryami Patra, a cooperative activist.\"Barring a few exceptions, cooperatives continue to be controlled and funded by the state governments. Moreover, lack of leadership and public participation has led to the dismal performance of the cooperative sector in the state. There is an urgent need to draw a blue print for a pilot programme to revive grassroots level cooperatives and clear the credit blockade,\" said T Prasad Rao Dora of Odisha Fishermen Co-operative Federation Limited (FISHFED).Speaking on the occasion, chief minister Naveen Patnaik said, \"The state government is committed to amending the Cooperative Society Act to comply with the 97th amendment of the constitution so that more autonomy will be provided to cooperative organizations. A bill will be introduced in the state assembly very soon in this regard. With this amendment, the membership of the cooperatives will become a fundamental right and it would help in consolidating the cooperative movement.\"According to sources, even though Odisha is disposing of around 65 per cent of total amount of crop loan by cooperative sector, its market share in deposits is only 4.23 per cent.Naveen further maintained that the government was committed to transform the primary agriculture cooperative societies (PACS) as a one stop shop to meet all the requirements of the farmers under one roof. reviving the weaving sector, he said, \"We are also implementing a revival package for weavers to come out of their chronic indebtedness and to provide them with fresh concessional credit to carry out their activities.\"Cooperatives in Odisha exist in diverse fields including short term and long term credit loan, urban credit, marketing, sugar processing, diary, poultry farming, irrigation, fisheries, consumers, house building, labour, transport, women electricity and cooperative union. Except diary and fisheries almost all the sectors have been facing problems. \"No loan has been provided by the long term credit sector in Odisha since 2005-06 due to refinance by NABARD is stopped. Similarly sugar, oil seed and consumer sector are not able to meet the challenges of heavy losses and are in dying state,\" said a trade union leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16597039", "title": "Govt selectively quoting from Supreme Court opinion: Bhushan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lawyer Prashant Bhushan accused the government of misleading people by selectively quoting the judgment on the presidential reference on 2G verdict, claiming it clearly spelt out that auctioning was the way to go when commercial purpose and profiteering was involved.He alleged that the government has gone on an \"overdrive\" after the Supreme Court's opinion on the 2G presidential reference, to project the judgment as a vindication of the government's policies.\"They (ministers P Chidambaram and Kapil Sibal) are using the innocuous part of the judgment, which says that all natural resources don't have to be auctioned in all circumstances, to claim vindication. They have even used the SC's opinion to criticize the CAG,\" he said.Bhushan said he was happy that the Supreme Court has clearly said that auctioning of scarce natural resource is the way to go when commercial purpose and profiteering is involved.He claimed that the recent coal block allocation would stand cancelled due to this presidential reference judgment as there is enough evidence to prove that, like 2G spectrum allocation, private companies benefited by \"sitting and trading on the value through leasing or sub-transferring.\"\"In view of this judgment, which is a concurring judgment of the court, all the allocations of coal blocks made by the government to private companies for commercial use (even for captive consumption) without auction, would have to be declared void.\"The government's dishonest spin being sought to be given to the judgment by its senior ministers is another clear sign of its dishonest intent,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595208", "title": "Sudha wants to have a go at Kenyan stars", "text": "NEW DELHI: While most Indian runners are busy looking at each other as rivals for Sunday's Airtel Delhi Half Marathon, 3000m steeplechase national champion Sudha Singh goes a step further and calls the Kenyans her biggest opponents.Sudha may have failed to set things on fire at the London Olympics where she participated in the 3000m steeplechase, she is looking to excel on Sunday and prove her mettle. \"Kenyan girls are my competitors. My main event is steeplechase but I have been training for long distance of late,\" Sudha said on the sidelines of a 'meet and greet' session of the event.\"The first time I participated in the half marathon in Delhi was in 2007 and I had won a bronze here. Its time to better the result on Sunday,\" the 26-year-old said.It's the six-month long training stint in Kenya, thanks to the central government, that gives Sudha the confidence to try and match the Kenyans.\"We Indians have the tendency of getting scared even before anything has happened. For six months we have trained with the Kenyans, lived around them and even shared our meals with them. Jab unke saath training ki toh competition bhi unke saath hi karenge na (when we have trained with them, then it's natural that we compete with them),\" the Indian record holder in 3000m steeplechase said.\"We train at the sea level and they always train at high altitude, so when they compete at the sea level they have a big advantage,\" Sudha added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596602", "title": "Sanmar head K S Narayanan dies at 93", "text": "CHENNAI: K S Narayanan, chairman emeritus of the Sanmar Group, died here on Friday after a brief illness. He was 93.Narayanan had over five decades of entrepreneurial management experience in sectors like cement, plastics, sugar, drugs and pharmaceuticals, shipping and ceramic insulators. He was, for many years, promoter and managing director of the India Cements Ltd and was promoter director of Chemplast Sanmar Ltd, Sanmar Shipping Ltd, WS Industries Ltd and Tamil Nadu Dadha Pharmaceuticals.He is survived by his sons N Sankar and N Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16597358", "title": "They learn to kick out trouble on street", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Forget the police stick, a judo kick may definitely work in getting rid of miscreants on the streets! Perhaps, city residents are fast realising this mantra.Age, profession and gender is no barrier here. Self-defence training has become a rage now. And it is not just young college-going girls but doctors and teachers who are also taking such classes.Apparently, a spurt in eve-teasing incidents recently has made them jump on the self-defence bandwagon. It seems to have become a sort of eye-opener for them. Of late, self-defence trainers are in high demand in colleges and they are running jam-packed batches.Sangeeta, who is pursuing her master's degree from a local college, says, \"It has become inevitable to learn to protect oneself. Given the circumstances in the city, I think self-defence classes should be made mandatory in colleges.\" She has been learning the art of knife handling and judo.Vinod Kumar, a trainer in self-defence who has been conducting workshops on this art for girls in city colleges, says, \"Girls are more conscious about how to take care of themselves. They want to handle the troublemakers through self -defence techniques\".However, not just girls, he has also been training all shades of people from doctors to educationists in Sector 40 during evening batches.\"I started learning self-defence out of my own interest to be able to protect myself. Particularly for girls in the family, this art is a must and I encourage my students also to learn it,\" says Rajinder Kauda.Mansa Ram Mourya, a karate instructor, who also runs these self-defence classes, adds, \"There is a definite increase in the number of youngsters who want to learn the martial art.\" Due to increasing incidents of chain snatching on the streets and feeling of insecurity among residents, self-defence is the only way to go for the people.A female doctor, who requested anonymity, said that it was only after her own chain was snatched in broad daylight that she decided to learn some judo and self-defence techniques.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16595500", "title": "Rajasthan University students get medical cover", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan University on Friday initiated probably a first-of-its-kind medical cover of Rs 10,000 to every regular student in case of hospitalization for a minimum period of 24 hours. This is the first time that any state university has taken such a step. The proposal was formulated by the university public relations 8officer Bhupendra Singh Shekhawat.The scheme will benefit 28,000 regular students enrolled in 38 post graduate departments and 6 constituent colleges from the current academic session.The scheme is applicable in any of the recognized hospitals after an accidental injury.The injured student can avail maximum Rs 10,000 as medical assistance in a year.Shekhawat said that to avail this facility the student has to submit original hospital admission bill, bills of medicines and other related expenses incurred during treatment to the office of public relations or dean, 8students' welfare of the 8university.However, those students who tried to attempt suicide or got hurt during inebriated state will not be covered under the scheme.Apart from this if any student dies or loses two limbs in an accident then the assistance will be Rs 1,75,000 and in case of losing one limb the amount will be Rs 70,000.Regular students will have to pay only Rs 20 as premium at the time of admission at their respective constituent colleges or postgraduate department. In view of the increasing road accidents in the state and the rising number of deaths, especially of youths, this initiative will prove an effective tool to tackle the fatal situation. The Census of Indian on Friday announced to set up a work station at Rajasthan University.The body has given Rs 20 lakh for the same. The workstation will provide census figures of 2001 and 2011.\"The figures have always been useful for students in research and several subjects,\" said a 8university official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16597098", "title": "All roads to be repaired by Puja", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government in a meeting on Friday promised to repair all roads in the city before Durga Puja to make pandal-hopping smooth.Urban development minister Firhad Hakim and Kolkata mayor Sovan Chatterjee held the meeting with PWD secretary Ajit Ranjan Bardhan and other senior officials to find out ways to improve traffic speed in the city. The immediate thrust will be on repairing potholes, and work has already started in some parts of the city.Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority has already started repairing EM Bypass on a war footing following Hakim's instructions. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had also expressed her concern over poor condition of roads.Several roads in Salt Lake and its surroundings, in Rajarhat and in Baguiati were left in a shambles by heavy rain. Roads off Kona Expressway need a revamp, too. With only three weeks to go for the Pujas, the local civic authorities are yet to start off the repair work in most areas. Hakim asked the officials to speed up the work.Some officials conceded that road space had been reduced due to encroachment in several areas, especially in places where cement structures had come up on roads. It was decided that all encroachments would be removed.Tram tracks are also in poor shape in many parts of the city and trigger regular accidents. Hakim asked that the tracks be maintained properly so that bikers do not skid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "thiruvantapuram", "code": "16597719", "title": "35 schools to be upgraded under central scheme", "text": "THIRUVANTAPURAM: The state government has decided to upgrade 35 government upper primary schools to high schools under the Rashtriya Madhyamik Siksha Abhiyan (RMSA) scheme. These include schools from 10 districts -- Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam, Alappuzha, Kottayam, Ernakulam, Malappuram, Kozhikode, Kannur, Wayanad and Kasargod.The Centre's project approval board had sanctioned the upgradation plan of these schools under the scheme in 2010-'11. While 60 schools were upgraded in 2009-'10, the state had recommended these 35 schools for upgradation in 2010-'11. States recommend schools for upgradation in their annual work plan while a project approval board in the HRD ministry vets the proposals. The states later give the final approval for sanctioning additional posts and upgrading the schools.The centre will bear the expenses of a headmaster, five teachers and a clerk when the schools are upgraded while the remaining requirements and salaries of excess staff required will have to be borne by the state.The Centre had allotted Rs 58 lakh for the infrastructure upgradation of these schools. The state's request for approval of Rs 150-crore worth projects in 2012-'13 is pending with the Centre. In its annual work plan for 2012-'13, the state has recommended upgradation of 16 schools.The state has been dragging its feet ever since the Rashtriya Madhyamik Siksha Abhiyan was launched in 2009. It had not even created posts for employees under the project till February 2011, when 18 posts were created.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16594465", "title": "Bhaiya Raja threatens cop on court premises", "text": "BHOPAL: The former legislator and strongman from Tikamgarh region, Ashok Veer Vikram Singh alias Bhaiya Raja allegedly manhandled and threatened a police officer on duty in the district court premises here on Friday. Bhaiya Raja, who is lodged in the Bhopal central jail since 2009, in connection with Vasundhara Bundela murder case misbehaved with the police officer while he was being produced in the court.The town inspector of MP Nagar police station, R R Bansal was escorting him to court room when some supporters of Bhaiya Raja tried to interact with him. When Bansal tried to stop them, Bhaiya Raja misbehaved with him and threatened to eliminate him. An FIR in this regard was later lodged at the MP Nagar police station.\"Bhaiya Raja stopped me from discharging my duty and threatened me saying that court tere baap ke nahi hai (court is not owned by your father), abhi tu mujhe janta nahi hai (you don't know me), mae tujhe dekh lunga (I will see you), Bansal told TOI.Bhaiya Raja has been an accused in murder of his niece, Vasundhara Bundela. He had also been booked in connection with the rape of his domestic help, Tijji Bai who had later committed suicide at his residence in Yashodhara Parisar at Kolar Road here in the year 2007.His wife Asha Rani, a BJP MLA from Bijawar, had also been booked under the charges of abetment to commit suicide in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16595232", "title": "Sabyasachi Panda rules out surrender", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Sacked Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda has ruled out any possibility of his giving up violence and returning to the mainstream in the near future.Panda, who is the prime accused in scores of Maoist violence including the assassination of octogenarian Hindu seer Swami Laxmanananda Saraswati, instead has accused the government of the real perpetrator of violence. In a seven-minute audio tape he released to the media here on Friday, the former rebel leader said he would consider returning to mainstream life once the government stopped adopting \"violent methods to exploit and harass innocent poor people\". The extremist's reaction came in response to a recent appeal made by nine Gandhian and Sarvodaya leaders, who asked him to eschew violence along with his cadres.Panda also described himself as a \"true democrat\" and the government as the oppressor. \"I am a strong believer of democracy. I am willing to operate in a democratic manner only if the state government shuns violence as a weapon to deal with the poor in the so-called Red zone,\" he said.Panda had recently formed a separate outfit called Odisha Maoist Party (OMP) after he was ousted from the CPI (Maoist) party. The sudden joint appeal issued by the Gandhian and Sarvodaya leaders to him to shun violence was widely seen as a calculated strategy by some of his close associates to help him surrender and save his life which is reportedly facing a double threat from the security forces and his rivals in his estranged party.Panda in his audio tape thanked the Gandhians for their effort, but made no firm commitment to lay down arms and surrender in the near future. He however said he had not been doing violence since the abduction of the two Italian nationals in Kandhamal district in March. \"We welcome the appeal. We are no more into doing violence since the kidnapping of the Italians. But the government has been doing everything to kill us. The government is always fomenting violence,\" the audio tape said.Panda said the government had been continuing \"oppressing\" people in Kandhamal, Rayagada and Koraput districts and arresting \"innocent people\" in the name of Maoists. \"This is nothing but repression unleashed against poor tribal and dalit people,\" he observed. \"A large number of women have also been arrested and put in jail on false charges of having links with Maoists. I request the Gandhian leaders to persuade the government to refrain from violent methods, institute inquiry into allegations of rape and torture, free innocent prisoners jailed under false charges and give justice to persons like Arati Majhi who has been languishing in jail despite being a victim of gang rape by yet unidentified CRPF personnel,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16596276", "title": "Petrol dealers to protest against low commission", "text": "PUNE: The Confederation of Indian Petroleum Dealers, which some months ago broke ranks from the petrol pump dealers' umbrella organisation - the Federation of All India Petroleum Traders (FAIPT) - has announced that a section of petrol pumps across India will refrain from buying petrol and diesel on October 1 and 2, but will continue to sell till stocks last.The confederation issued a press release in this regard on Friday. The stir is in a bid to press the government for higher commission.The release also said that petrol pumps will operate on a single shift from October 15 to reduce manpower and electricity costs. \"Customers will have to plan their purchases accordingly,\" it said.Pune Petrol Dealers' Association spokesperson Ali Daruwalla said, \"The call given by the confederation is not legal because this organisation is not recognised by the petroleum ministry. Hence all pumps in the city, 350 of which are under the FAIPT, will not participate in the stir. Also, the petroleum minister recently gave us a written assurance to increase our commission in the next 15 days and to address all our grievances. So we won't participate in the stir.\"A source from the Pune chapter of the Confederation of Indian Petroleum Dealers said, \"The confederation came into existence only around eight months ago. I don't know which pumps from Pune will participate in the stir. This is our first trial of strength in the city. However, I feel that most dealers in Pune will stock up on the fuel on September 29 and 30, due to which there will be no shortage on October 1 and 2,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16594960", "title": "Woman dies on railway track", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman was crushed to death on the railway track along Nathu Colony, northeast Delhi on Friday. According to witnesses, the deceased had earphones on and was probably in the midst of a conversation when the accident took place. Locals tried to warn her when they saw the train approaching , but earphones prevented her from hearing the shouts, police said. The deceased has been identified as one Renu (25), a resident of Ashok Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16597616", "title": "Central Electricity Authority assures more power to Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The Central Electricity Authority (CEA) on Friday assured Bihar to look into its demand for additional power to implement its agricultural roadmap and minimize the gap in demand and supply. Bihar is slated to invest Rs 8,500 crore in agriculture sector.The CEA chairman made this assurance in New Delhi while addressing a meeting to discuss power scenario with representatives of four states, Bihar, West Bengal , Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. Earlier, representing the case of Bihar, Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) chairman PK Rai strongly pleaded Bihar's case for additional power.He said Bihar never got its allocated quota of power. It can be gauged from the fact, he said, the state's power consumption only in agriculture sector is 6.5% against the national average of 20% and the per capita consumption is just 120 unit, which is the lowest in the country.He further said the 18th power energy survey has indicated that the power consumption in Bihar would be around 5,620 MW in 2016-17 against the existing 2,500 MW.Earlier, Rai said, Bihar was allocated a share of 600MW from Subansiri hydel plant in Arunachal Pradesh. But the NHPC diverted it to the western sector, completely ignoring the terms and conditions of the 2003 MoU.Pleading for additional power allocations, the BSEB chairman sought power from two Bhutan units - Punatsangchhu and Mangdechhu - which are likely to be operational by 2016-17. Bihar is willing to invest in hydroelectric projects (HEPs) in Bhutan for a better deal in power allocation, he said.Rai said Bihar can be allocated at least 250MW power through the proposed transmission line between Kishanganj and Purnia (400KV D/C) under the Sikkim HEP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16595547", "title": "Two-day-old girl child found abandoned", "text": "JAIPUR: A two-day-old girl child, found abandoned behind Kanodia Girls' College on Wednesday, once again brought to fore rampant discrimination against girl children in the state.It is the third such case in the last few months. In July, an infant girl was dumped in Zanana hospital while another was abandoned near Jagatpura railway station.Some passersby informed the police around 4pm on Wednesday saying they heard the cries of an infant. The girl is now undergoing treatment at JK Lon hospital. The doctors claimed that she was out of danger.After getting information, the police rushed to the Kishore Pareek Marg behind Kanodia Girls' College where the girl was found ling in a bag, which also contained some clothes. According to the police, the girl seemed to be from some well-to-do family. The police registered an FIR against unidentified persons and are investigating the matter. Incharge of Gandhi Nagar police station Rajesh Malik said: \"We will check records of all the nearby hospitals to find clues about persons involved in the crime.\"The police handed over the baby to Shishu Palna Grah, from where the officials took her to JK Lon hospital.JK Lon hospital superintendent Dr SD Sharma said, \"The girl weighed 2.7kg and she was brought to the hospital around 5.45pm two days ago. She is healthy and but we will keep her in observation for one or two days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "16597478", "title": "MLA finds granite at gate, blocks NH", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Ambalappuzha MLA G Sudhakaran on Friday staged a sit-in protest on the National Highway 47 in front of his house at Thookkukulam near Punnapra for unloading granite in front of his gate, for road repairing.The PWD (NH) assistant executive engineer D Harilal, who arrived there for holding discussion with him, was allegedly attacked by the supporters of G Sudhakaran. Following this, he suffered injuries and was admitted to Alappuzha General Hospital.G Sudhakaran said the contractor with the support of the PWD officials deliberately unloaded granite in front of the gate blocking the way to his home. \"So I began a sit-in protest at 9 am,\" the MLA said. \"Two days ago, the CPM MLAs have taken out a march to the PWD (NH) office demanding to repair the road. We also criticized the PWD who failed to do the maintenance works of the NH on time,\" the MLA said.The supporters of the MLA also gathered on the road creating a traffic block. The MLA demanded that the contract and the lorry driver should be arrested for blocking the entrance of his house.Though additional district magistrate K P Thampi, who holds charge of the district collector, reached the spot and tried to pacify the MLA, he was not ready to end the strike. Later, PWD minister V K Ebrahim Kunju telephoned the MLA and assured him that action would be taken against the contractor and the lorry driver. Following this, he ended the strike at 12 noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16595230", "title": "In The Spotlight for St. Leger", "text": "PUNE: The record stakes winner in the Indian racing history, In The Spotlight, looks outstanding in the McDowell Signature Premier Indian St.Leger (Grade 1), the feature event of the Sunday's Pune Races.Trained by S Padmanabhan and to be ridden by Englishman David Allan , In The Spotlight, is a certainty but we will have to wait till she passes the winning post first on Sunday. There are nine races on Sunday with first starting at 1 pm.Selections1. Warsaw Pact Trophy (1000m): Walking Tall 1, Titleist 2.2. Noble Prince Trophy (1400m): Mumbai King 1, Jewels Of The Hill 2. 3. Change Of Luck Trophy (1600m): Rancho 1, Fortune Hunter 2.4. Menorah Trophy (1400m): Princess Khatoum 1, Fireback 2. 5. Animal Welfare Board of India Trophy-Div-II (1200m): Zoom Zoom 1, Wings Of Glory 2. 6. Sweet Memories Trophy (1800m): Attribute 1, Scarlatti 2 7. McDowell Signature Premier Indian St.Leger (Grade 1) 2800m: In The Spotlight 1, Astapi 2. 8. Animal Welfare Board of India Trophy-Div-I (1200m): Set Ablaze 1, Matrioshka 2. 9. Pennywise Trophy (1000m):Quando Quando 1, Astromia 2. Day's best: In The Spotlight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16594745", "title": "Lata Mangeshkar's fan celebrates her birthday with fanfare", "text": "MHOW: Suman Chorasiya's dreams turned into reality when this 52-year-old fan of India's melody queen Lata Mangeshkar , celebrated her 83rd birthday at his residence in village Pigdamber of Mhow tehsil, on Friday.Having already named his house as Lata Dinanath Mangeshkar Gramophone Record Sangrahalaya, Chorasiya has some 9,000 old records , of which 6000 songs are of Lata. So much so that some of her earliest records were even digitalized by the music companies to serve their purpose.One such company, His Masters Voice (HMV) has been regularly taking records from him for the last ten years.Talking about his fondness for the melody queen's voice, Chorasiya said that he has a rich collection of Lata classics ranging from her debut song in 1942 (of a Marathi film Pehli Mangla Gaur) to her first hindi film song \"Chidiya Bole Chu Chu\" of Jeevan Yatra which was alsoplayed at the occasion. He said that once Lata wanted to hear a song of Egyptian singer Umriya Kursum which was provided to her by him as it was not available at any of the stores. . He added that although Lata never came to his place, her sister Radha, brother Hridaynath and nephew regularly visit his house. A retired teacher Umashankar Dubey, a close friend of Chorasiya told TOI that research scholars from many countries doing research on music often visit his house for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "16595106", "title": "Indian Confederation of Indigenous Tribal People condemns attack on tribals in Bangladesh", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The Indian Confederation of Indigenous Tribal People (ICITP) has vehemently condemned the systematic attack on the indigenous Jumma tribes in Bangladesh's Rangamati district and urged upon the Bangladesh government to diffuse the tension immediately.ICITP (North East Zone) president Jebra Ram Mashahary said the recent violence in Bangladesh's Rangamati district wounded over 30 people after clashes between illegal settlers and indigenous tribal people.He said the conflict could be pre-planned and part of a conspiracy to make the Chittagong Hill Tracts (CHT) unstable. He said the illegal settlers attacked the tribal people in the presence of law enforcers. He demanded immediate arrest and exemplary punishment to the instigators of the attack and the attackers, punitive action against the law enforcers, who directly or indirectly provoked the violence and immediate implementation of the CHT peace treaty. Terming the incident as unfortunate, Mashahary said, \"What happened in Bodoland between the indigenous Bodo tribal people and illegal immigrants from Bangladesh is also happening in the tribal districts of Bangladesh.\" The illegal settlers are trying to occupy tribal land by all means and creating terror, he said, adding the government of Bangladesh should stop all belligerences on tribal people.The ICITP president said the attacks on indigenous tribals in Bangladesh and India should be stopped. The government must protect land rights of tribals. The forum appealed to the world community to raise their voice against the injustices on indigenous tribals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16597693", "title": "Scholarship to 400 poor students", "text": "DHARWAD: Former zilla panchayat member Tavanappa Astagi of Uppina Betageri has come out with a novel initiative to observe the 11th death anniversary of his father Payappa in a meaningful way. He will distribute scholarships to students from rural areas who are meritorious but economically poor.Tavanappa Astagi said the programme will be held at Shri Guru Virupakeshwar PU College premises at Uppinbetageri in Dharwad taluk on Saturday at 11am.MP Prahlad Joshi will inaugurate the programme, while former MLA AB Desai will preside. Mahadevappa Astagi will grace the occasion.MLCs Basavaraj Horatti, Srinivas Mane, MLAs Santosh Lad, Seema Masuthi, former MLAs Vinay Kulkarni, C S Shivalli and others will be special invitees.On the occasion, 400 poor meritorious students from 12 villages coming under the jurisdiction of Uppinbetageri ZP constituency will be given scholarship to the tune of Rs 1,000. Besides, 20 teachers who have rendered yeomen service in the field of education in rural areas will be felicitated.A committee headed by DDPI BKS Vardhan has selected the teachers.A guest lecturer Veerupakshappa Kotur who has been serving in the PU College from the past 15 years without anything in return will also be honoured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "16595457", "title": "NH-215 expansion hits acquisition bump", "text": "KEONJHAR: Panikoili-Rajamunda national highway (NH-215) has become the subject of a dispute after the forest department found it passes through the lease area of at least four mines in Joda mining sector.\"The national highway passes through lease area of four mines in Joda mining sector under Barbil forest range area, giving rise to legal problems in its expansion as the area does not belong to the National Highway Authority of India. As the road is for public utility, hence the lease should be surrendered in favour of the government,\" said Keonjhar assistant conservator of forest Soumyak Samantra.According to sources, the road from Panikoili to Rajamunda, passing through Jajpur, Keonjhar and Sundergarh districts, connects the mining areas of Keonjhar and Sundergarh districts to Paradip port. For easy transportation of mineral the government handed it over to National Highway Authority of India while announcing its expansion into four lanes two years ago. During the survey and land acquisition process, however, the forest department found about 14.4019 hectare of the road is in the lease area of mines in Barbil range.According to the forest department sources, the national highway also passes through 1.9329 hectare of reserve forest area and 2.7600 hectare of revenue forest area of lease area of Baneikala Iron ore mines owned by Tata Steel . Besides, the road winds through 4.0876 hectare of reserve forest and 1.3930 hectare of revenue forest of Orissa Mining Corporation (OMC) owned Serenda-Bhadrasahi iron ore mines, 1.2674 hectare of reserve forest area of Industrial Development Corporation (IDC) owned Roida 'C' iron and manganese mines and 2.9610 hectare of revenue forest area of Nuagaon Iron ore mines owned by K.J.S. Ahulwalia.Sources said the concerned departments should have measured the area and identified the land before granting lease to various mining companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16597737", "title": "Homestay attack rattles tourism in district", "text": "MANGALORE: There's no such thing as bad publicity, goes an adage. But don't dare say that to those in the tourism business in these parts.It's going to take much more than the beautiful beaches and the famed lip-smacking coastal cuisine for tourists to flock to this district famed for its hospitality. Would-be vactioners are thinking twice before heading here. The recent homestay attack has undone everything that the fledgling tourism industry had worked so hard at.Just when the 2009 infamous pub attack was becoming a distant memory, came the July 28 attack on youngsters partying at a home stay on the outskirts of the city.Corporates prefer Kodagu and Gokarna which is seen as more open and liberal.Aravind Prabhu, founder of vitualmangalore.com, says, \"When we market Mangalore with corporates, the first thing they ask is what is there in Mangalore. This indicates that the district has not been marketed well.\" It's a definite no-no to homestays after the attack. \"Mangalore is totally off the tourism radar,'' he rues.But on a positive note hospitality consultant Gunakar Shetty, who has been in this industry for 25 years and works in Goa, says: \"People's memory is short. These types of incidents happen in all places, even in Goa and other places. Concerted efforts are needed from the state as well as the stakeholders to market this place as a backwater, medical, health, heritage, spiritual and religious tourism destination.\"Aravind notes corporates, who come with a mixed crowd are naturally apprehensive of home stays here. \"Before the attack we at least had enquiries. Now even that has stopped completely. Corporates when they take a break in large numbers prefer home stays as costs can be kept low,'' he adds. He also notes the coast has more to offer than Goa and Kerala. \"Goa is well-known. But God's Own Country's tourism potential is being marketed so well,\" he explains.Gunakar says that tourism not the state government's priority. \"Tourism has to be promoted, but even stakeholders don't seem to be interested perhaps sensing that nothing is going to happen,'' he says observing the thin attendance at the World Tourism Day interaction on Thursday. He dismisses the home stay attack as a one-off case, saying that such things have happened even in Goa. \"We have to move forward like Goa did,'' he asserts.Suresh Mathias, a home stay owner here, concurs saying that business was down by 60%, but hopes it is a short term phenomenon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "tarn taran", "code": "16597605", "title": "Spy couple arrested in Tarn Taran", "text": "TARN TARAN: The police arrested a couple here on Friday and recovered documents including maps and photographs of significant installations in Punjab from their possession. The duo was in regular touch with a Pakistan-based smuggler and would get narcotics for providing him with sensitive documents and photographs. One of their accomplices managed to escape, the police said.Tarn Taran SSP K S Dhillon said Sukhpreet Kaur and her husband Surajpal Singh, residents of Shandhra, were arrested, while Sukhpreet's brother Harbhagwantjit Singh alias Happy, a resident of Wan Tara Singh, was absconding.Sukhpreet is a junior assistant in Amritsar sales tax office. Dhillon said all of them were in contact with a Pakistan-based drug smuggler, Rana. Among the information they gave Rana was about bridges and other vital installations in Punjab in exchange of narcotics.\"This time they had demanded gold in return for information they were providing,\" Dhillon said. The police registered a case against them under NDPS Act and Official Secret Act at Bhikhiwind police station. A mother of two, Sukhpreet had visited Pakistan thrice, in October 2006, April 2007 and October 2011, as part of Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee's religious jathas.Dhillon did not rule out the possibility of the two spies having relations with Pakistan-based Sikh ultras. The couple was sent in police remand till October 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596340", "title": "Lights, camera, delivery: Actor does it under arc lights", "text": "CHENNAI: She has delivered quite a few good performances in front of the camera. On Thursday, former Miss India runner-up and actor Shweta Menon gave birth to a girl as the camera rolled in the labour room of Nanavati Nursing Home in Mumbai.The delivery, the preceding months of her pregnancy and her early motherhood will form the core of Malayalam movie 'Kalimannu', directed by Blessy. After ascertaining the position of the doctors and nurses in advance, the director positioned three cameras in the labour room on Thursday. The director and two cameramen were present in the room with Shwetha's husband Srivatsan Menon before she was shifted to the labour room at 4.45pm. At 5.27pm, she gave birth to a girl. \"The camera kept rolling for about 45 minutes, ending with a scene where Shwetha planted a gentle kiss on the newborn's forehead,\" said Blessy.'Kalimannu' will feature the relationship of the protagonist with her baby, before and after it is born. For the last four months, through her pregnancy, Shwetha has been acting in the movie. Many in and outside the industry think Shweta has set a new standard for reality-as-entertainment in India.\"I decided to do this because of the message the movie carries,\" she said in an email to TOI. \"From conception to delivery, it has been a great experience. I was determined to give a natural birth.\" A second runner-up in the 1994 Miss India Contest, Shwetha has actred in several Malayalam and Hindi movies.That the canned scene for the movie shows a natural delivery should ring many bells in Kerala, where more than 50% of childbirths are through cesarean sections.Cinematographer Ravi K Chandran said Shwetha has always been a bold woman who took unusual and unpopular steps in her acting career. \"She was proving that the delivery is just another natural event in the life cycle. At a time when using condoms was an unpopular practice, she acted in a condom advertisement. By appearing on the camera at her most private moment on Thursday, she was challenging the conventional practices in Indian cinema,\" said Chandran.Blessy said his team prepared for a week for the shoot in the labour room. \"The shoot began when she was five months pregnant. In an age when pregnancy and motherhood is sometimes mechanical, the movie talks about a mother's relationship with her fetus,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16596321", "title": "Tight security cover for immersion day", "text": "PUNE: The city police have thrown a thick security blanket over the Ganapati immersion procession route on Saturday against the backdrop of the serial blasts on Jangli Maharaj road on August 1.Bandobast arrangements include the deployment of 9,500 policemen with the Pune police commissionerate, 24,000 people from the State Reserve Police Force, home guards, college students, National Cadet Core members and members of peace committees, sports organisations and Ganesh Mandals.Assistant commissioner of police (special branch) Arvind Patil said that on Saturday, 12 platoons of State Reserve Police Force, one team from Rapid Action Force, four teams of Quick Response Team will help the city police force. They will also get help from 366 home guards, 200 retired police officers and 5,000 college students, trained by the city police.Patil said that four teams of the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad have been deployed at important points. \"Four strike force teams will conduct round-the-clock patrolling in the city on the day of immersion procession,\" Patil said.Officials from the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) have also been assigned bandobast duties. Those from the police training schools in Khandala, Nanvij and Marol will also help the city police.Patil said that four additional commissioners of police, 15 deputy commissioners of police, 42 assistant commissioners of police, 125 police inspectors, 462 police sub-inspectors will be on the roads from 10.30 am on Saturday. \"Police commissioner Gulabrao Pol and joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Kumar Singhal will oversee the entire security arrangements,\" he added.Closed circuit television cameras have been installed at several locations in the city and along the immersion routes. They have also been installed at all the immersion ghats. \"We have also erected around 10 watch towers at crucial junctions in the city. \"Policemen in plain clothes will also keep a close watch on suspicious movements and objects on the roads in the city,\" Patil said.Police have begun taking preventive action against criminals as a . Nakabandi has been enforced at several important junctions in the city.Special teams have fanned out to avert pick-pocketing, bag-lifting and eve-teasing. \"They will also help senior citizens and children,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16595229", "title": "Court orders get caught up in bureaucratic lethargy", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has a battery of lawyers who promptly convey the court orders to its officials, but the general bureaucratic inertia and babus' obsession with technicalities is largely responsible for the benefits reaching the people.From the advocate general to a government advocate, the state government pays hundreds of legal experts to help it ensure that the court orders are followed. Yet, every now and then the government gets pulled up through contempt of court litigations filed by the victim in individual cases or by the common man in public interest cases. In large number of such cases, compliances come through only when the courts adopt a harsh stand and make the government to pull out the guilty officer before it.Legal experts handling government litigations said an individual officer's attitude, too, plays a role in court orders remaining non-complied with for long durations. \"Some officers ensure prompt and complete compliance of the court orders, but, unfortunately, there are others who fail to act until the courts rap them. Such officers delay responding to even court correspondences,\" a government lawyer said.These officers have been found to 'ignore' orders even from their bosses, said sources. A case in light is a recent order by the chief secretary CK Mathew. \"Even though the chief secretary has ordered that all officers will clearly write their names while signing note-sheets or orders, so that it is easy to fix responsibilities for any lapses detected in future, the government documents being submitted in courts are still reaching us without clear initials of the officer concerned,\" said another government lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "thiruvantapuram", "code": "16597612", "title": "Passing the buck syndrome hits use of RTI Act", "text": "THIRUVANTAPURAM: There is no panacea for passing the buck syndrome, especially among bureaucrats. Chief secretary K Jayakumar knows it better. Despite a directive from him, several department heads in the state government are unwilling to take up the responsibility of public information officers (PIO) and appellate authorities. Instead, they pass the responsibility to the clerical cadre and junior officials.\"Senior bureaucrats are shying away from becoming PIOs and appellate authorities because if the information is denied, they are liable for severe penalties under the RTI act. It will also get mentioned in their service record. Moreover, they do not want to pass on sensitive information as it will hurt the political establishment,'' a senior official said.The reluctance of department heads, however, has not gone down well with RTI activists, who are finding it difficult to get information. They fear that the sunshine act is in the danger of getting diluted in the state. Over 3,500 second appeals and complaints are now pending with the state information commission. A majority of RTI queries deal with basic problems like vague land records and lack of public amenities at village and panchayat level.In departments like Director of Public Instruction (DPI), panchayats, village offices and town planning departments, many designated PIOs are clerks and village assistants while section officers and village superintendents act as appellate authorities. Earlier, the PIO would be not less than an officer in any governed institution and the appellate authority would be in the ranks of a deputy secretary (for instance, district collector would be the appellate authority in the collectorate).\"This downgrading has affected the effectiveness of the RTI act. These PIOs are not aware of the nuances of the act and many fear that they may be harassed by their superiors if they provide sensitive information,'' state information commissioner M N Gunavardhanan told TOI.The state information commission had asked the government to look into the matter. \"The state chief secretary, taking cognizance of the letter, sent a circular to all departments to take up the matter and appoint appropriate public information officers,'' a senior commission official said. The directive is yet to yield any positive result.Officials said that this was one reason why second appeals and complaints had been piling before the state commission.Former central information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi said though the RTI act does not stipulate the rank of the designated PIOs, it is logical that the state governments appoint officers as PIOs and senior officers as appellate authority, considering the seriousness of the act. \"The Delhi government, for instance, have appointed only officers as PIOs,'' Gandhi said.RTI activist D B Binu said the trend of passing the responsibility down to junior officials began a year ago, so that RTI queries can be rejected even at the village and panchayat level where there is greater corruption.\"In one of my RTI queries addressed to the governor asking for assets of MLAs, the PIO was a speech writer for the governor who was later penalised by the information commission for denying the information,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "16597518", "title": "Land acquisition problems delay Alappuzha bypass work", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The Alappuzha bypass, which could solve the traffic problems of the town to a great extent, is hanging fire for the last three decades. To open the 7 km long bypass from Kommady to Kalarcode Junction for traffic, it is necessary to build two ROBs and approach roads (at Kuthirapanthi and Malikamukku). A four-lane road alongside the Alappuzha Beach should also be constructed for this purpose. But the local people complain that the state and central governments have not taken any steps for opening the bypass.On Friday the CPI has organized meetings in 21 centres in the district demanding the opening of the bypass. CPI state secretariat member T Purushothaman, CPI state executive committee member A Sivarajan, AITUC state secretary T J Anjalose and AIYF state president G Krishna Prasad participated in the protest meetings.Meanwhile, Alappuzha MLA T M Thomas Isaac said that the bypass was now in the custody of the Union ministry of road transport and highways. \"The ministry has included the bypass project under the four-laning work of the national highway-47 from Cherthala to Oachira. However, the project is now hanging in balance due to the opposition from the people against the land acquisition move,\" Isaac said.\"The Left government had moved a proposal to the Centre for handing over the bypass to the state. However, all our requests have fallen on deaf ears. It will take at least five more years to open the bypass. If the bypass is handed over to the state, it can be opened immediately for traffic,\" he added.In 2008, the Alappuzha bypass project was included as part of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) project to convert NH 47 into a four-lane road from Cherthala to Ochira (83 km).The Centre had also approved the four-lane bypass project worth Rs 157 crore in December 2010 and the Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal had then announced that the works of the bypass would begin in three months. But nothing had happened.Meanwhile, Alappuzha district panchayat president U Pratibha Hari said though there were three Union ministers from Alappuzha, the people in the district had not benefitted. \"The ministers should show courage to execute their promises. Otherwise, they should desist from making such false promises to the poor,\" she said.PWD (NH) executive engineer A V Thomas said the bypass project was now dormant. \"We have not received any direction from NHAI or Centre in connection with the bypass project,\" he said.Alappuzha: Alappuzha is daily witnessing huge traffic blocks all over the town. This problem can be easily solved if the 33- year- old Alappuzha bypass is opened for traffic and it will help the vehicles to continue along the NH-47 without entering the town.However, both the state and centre governments are not taking any effective steps for opening the bypass. The political parties and local people have staged many protest programmes for opening the bypass. But to no avail.On Friday evening, hundreds of CPI workers staged various protest programmes in around 21 centres in the district demanding to open the bypass as soon as possible.Alappuzha MLA T M Thomas Isaac said the bypass is now under the custody of the Union Ministry of Road Transport and Highways. The ministry has included the bypass project under the four-laning work of the National Highway-47 from Cherthala to Oachira. However, the four-laning project is now hanging in balance due to the stiff opposition from the people against the land acquisition move. So the opening of the bypass is a mere pipe dream for us,'' Isaac said.The last Left Democratic Government had moved a proposal to the centre for handing over the bypass to the state government. However, all our requests have fallen on deaf ears. As per the present condition, it will take at least five more years to open the bypass. If the bypass is handed over to the state, it can be opened immediately for traffic,'' the local MLA said.In order to open the 7 Km long bypass from Kommady Junction to Kalarcode Junction for traffic, it is necessary to set up two ROBs and approach roads (one at Kuthirapanthi and another at Malikamukku). Four-lane elevated road alongside the Alappuzha Beach should also be constructed for this purpose.It was in 2008, the Alappuzha bypass project was included a part of the project of National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to convert NH 47 into a four lane road from Cherthala to Ochira (83 Km).In 2010, the Centre announced that the bypass project would be completed as special project. The centre had also given in principal approval for completing the four -lane bypass project worth Rs 157 crore in December 2010 and the Union Minister of state for Power K C Venugopal had then announced at a press conference that the works of the bypass would be kicked off within three months. But the bypass is still here 'as it is'.Alappuzha district panchayat president U Pratibha Hari said Alappuzha has three union ministers. However, the district and people don't have any benefit from them. Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal announced many a time that the bypass project would be completed soon. But the bypass is still here 'as it is'. The ministers should show courage to execute their promise. Otherwise, they should desist from making such false promises to the poor people,'' Pratibha said.PWD (NH) executive engineer A V Thomas said the bypass project is now in a dead stage. We have not received any direction from NHAI and Centre in connection with the bypass project so far, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "16597235", "title": "Youth held with fake currency", "text": "BURDWAN: One person was arrested for carrying fake currency notes on the Down Jamalpur Express at Burdwan station on Friday morning. Fake currency worth Rs 1,65,500 was also seized from him.The 29-year-old youth, Rajesh Patir alias Raju, a resident of Jamalpur, has been remanded in police custody for five days.Howrah and Burdwan GRP has arrested one persons and seized Rs.1,65500 fake currency notes from Down Jamalpur Express at Burdwan Station here this morning. Rajesh Patir (29) alias Raju of Jamalpur has been taken on five days police remand for further interrogations.Promotesh Saha, OC of GRP (Burdwan), said that Rajesh was nabbed from the unreserved compartment of the train during a routine check. check at Down Jamalpur Express by a a special team in an unreserved compartment found one person sitting suspiciously with black bag holding in his lap. He was carrying a blackRaju was carrying a bag which contained bundles of Rs 500, a bullet, two cell phones and a ticket of Howrah to Bengaluru, Saha added. \"He said he was going to Howrah station from where he was to board the train for Bengaluru to hand over the consignment. We have taken him on remand,\" said Saha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "16597650", "title": "Students protest demanding land for goverment degree college", "text": "KARWAR: More than 1,500 students of Government Degree College in Kumta took out a protest rally on Friday demanding land for the college.In a memorandum to the minister, the students said even after four years of its opening the college did not have a building. \"The number of students is increasing every year, but we do not have classrooms, desks or benches. We are forced to sit on the floor,\" the students complained.The arts and science classes were being conducted in rented rooms, they said. For the last two years, the college has not had a permanent principal and is being run by the in-charge principal. This has affected the administration of the college. Though the in-charge principal had done his best, the appointment of a permanent principal would solve many problems, the students said.Despite repeated appeals to the department no action had been taken, they said and added that they would be forced to resort to severe agitation if the government failed to fulfill their demands. The memorandum was submitted to the tahsildar.Siddhartha Naik, district president of NSUI, Honnappa Naik block Congress president and Vinayak, union secretary of the college, led the protesters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16596937", "title": "BMTF nails BBMP's garbage scam", "text": "BANGALORE: Segregation at source is the answer to all our garbage woes, the BBMP may want us to believe. But the bigger culprits in this mess are garbage contractors who indulge in unbridled malpractices, a recent report by urban governance watchdog, the Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force (BMTF), has revealed.With BBMP finalizing the bids for new garbage management tenders on Saturday, one would expect that the same lot of contractors will not figure in the list. On the contrary, BBMP sources have confirmed that the same set of contractors is in the race here too.The BMTF report said solid waste management contractors who worked during 2007 have not given BBMP details on the quantity of waste generated and collected. The contractors had disabled the GPS device attached to 108 of 196 garbage-carrying trucks to manipulate the bills, it said.\"Health officials have cleared the bills without having details on the garbage cleared and transported. There are no details on garbage transported. No proper log books were maintained on garbage truck movement. But there have been instances where false documents were created to certify that garbage-carrying trucks were operational. Even the registration numbers of the vehicles which ferried garbage have not been furnished,\" it read.BMTF submitted its report to the BBMP commissioner on February 3, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bagalkot", "code": "16597665", "title": "Biometric centre set up at Bevur in Bagalkot", "text": "BAGALKOT: The biometric registration system under the National Census Registration Scheme was inaugurated at Bevur village in Bagalkot taluk on Wednesday.Inaugurating it, deputy commissioner A M Kunjappa appealed to the citizens to register their names under the biometric system compulsorily. As per the direction of the directorate of census, the census staff will visit each house, verify information and then issue cards. Three computers have been installed at Bevur for implementing the biometric system by taking photographs and scanning all 10 fingers.During the inauguration, the staff recorded the biometric details of Bevur gram panchayat president Lakkava Hanamavva Atalatti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune ", "code": "16596318", "title": "FTII student drowns in pool at institute", "text": "PUNE : A 24-year-old cinematography course student of Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) drowned in a swimming pool located on the premises of the institute on Friday afternoon. The Deccan Gymkhana police said the deceased Sushant Subhash Arora hailed from Delhi. The incident took place when Arora and his batchmates were swimming in a pool after a get together organised to celebrate the completion of their five-year cinematography course at FTII.Senior police inspector Manohar Joshi told TOI, that Thursday was the last day of Arora's course. On Friday the students organised a farewell party. \"Post lunch Arora and other students went for swimming in the poolin the afteroon,\" Joshi said.Joshi said that while swimming Arora drowned in the pool. \"When his batchmates noticed him, they fished him out of the tank. They informed the FTII authorities and rushed Arora to a nearyby private hospital where he was declared dead,\" Joshi said. Joshi said that Arora's body has been sent for the post mortem. \"We have registered a case of accidental deathin this regard,\" Joshi said.Despite of repeated attempts the director and the other officials from the FTII could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16596209", "title": "Auto fares up by Rs 2, cab fares by Re 1 in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Friday evening issued a resolution recommending a hike of Rs 2 for autorickshaws, Re 1 for taxis and Rs 2 for cool cabs in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai. The fares for every subsequent km have been hiked from Rs 7 to Rs 9.50 for rickshaws and from Rs 10.50 to Rs 12 for taxis. Night fares will remain unchanged at 25% and fares will be revised annually every year on May 1.The government GR is in contrast to the Hakim committee report, which had recommended a fare hike of Rs 3 for both autos and taxis and invited criticism from a large section of citizens. Sources in Mantralaya said that the CM took a final call on reducing the fare hike, keeping in mind the interests of lakhs of commuters. The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority may implement the hikes within a week.Despite the steep hike, there are certain commuter-friendly directives in the GR: all taxis will have to compulsorily acquire e-meters and give receipts to commuters; the existing 200-metre fare has been replaced with 100-metre fares on the tariff card; and meter-cheats will be punished stringently.The TOI was the first to report that Chavan had accepted most of the suggestions made by Hakim, barring certain factors such as the cost of living for drivers and repairs/maintenance costs. Since these factors were altered in the formula devised by Hakim, it reduced the quantum of the final fare hike. While this could be good news for commuters, several passengers feel the drivers don't deserve even a single paise hike. Said Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat, \"First stop refusals, meter tampering and introduce e-meters in all autos and then give hikes.\"Taxi unions, reportedly upset with the GR, are planning to agitate by going off the roads for at least two days any time in the first or second week of October, sources said. Some of the auto unions too are not pleased with a \"mere\" two-rupee hike and may also protest.Commuter groups have welcomed the introduction of e-meters in old taxis and are also happy with the government putting several conditions with the hike. While drivers caught for meter-tampering will face cancellation of permit, those with fake tariff cards will also face suspension/cancellation of permit.Some of the other commuter-friendly directives in the GR are: changing the word \"first flag\" and making it \"minimum fare\" (1.5 km), changing to metric system from the archaic mile system, compulsory ID cards with photos for all drivers and rounding up of fares only on the final fare.Commuter groups have, however, opposed a fare revision every May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16597961", "title": "Big B to inaugurate film fest at Mamata request", "text": "KOLKATA: Superstar Amitabh Bachchan has agreed to inaugurate the 18th Kolkata Film Festival on November 10 at the request of chief minister Mamata Banerjee . Last year, Shah Rukh Khan had done the honours.Mamata personally called up the Big B and asked him to grace the festival. She also reminded the actor of his Kolkata links, an official at the secretariat said. The chief minister enjoyed a good rapport with \"Amitji\" when they were both members of the Lok Sabha in 1984. Mamata reminded the actor of the good old Parliament days and got him to agree to inaugurate the show.The information and cultural affairs department, however, is waiting for an official confirmation from Bachchan before going ahead with promotionals. As an honour to the superstar, there is a plan to screen a retrospective of his films at the festival. Even the budget of the eight-day event is likely to be hiked to Rs 2 crore from Rs 1.5 crore last year. The organizers are planning to increase capacity at Netaji Indoor Stadium, the venue of the inauguration ceremony, to meet the rush in view of Big B's presence.An official said the film festival is likely to screen around 150 films from about 50 countries. Special homages may be paid to Rajesh Khanna, Dev Ananad and A K Hangal, all of whom passed away since the last festival. The films for the fest will be screened at Nandan, Rabindra Sadan, Sisir Mancha , Priya, New Empire, Navina , Fame, EZCC, Star, Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16597188", "title": "Oil companies impose ban on new LPG connections", "text": "RANCHI: An interim ban has been imposed on the approval of new cooking gas connection in Jharkhand. The order has come from Indian Oil and Hindustan Petroleum . It is likely to be a week-long ban. No customer will be allowed to have a fresh cooking gas connection during this period.Sushil Kumar, a supervisor with India Oil's Indane said that applications for fresh connections are, however, being accepted during this period.There are around 119 agencies of Indane in the state. Sources said that almost all offices have more than 50 applications for fresh connections pending with them.Indane's area manager Uday Kumar said that the ban would be lifted soon. \"This development hass come in the wake of oil companies collecting data of existing customers. The aim is to identify those who have double connections.\" The situation is likely to improve once the exercise is over, he added.The companies have asked agencies in Jharkhand to immediately issue LPG connections to the customers who have completed all necessay formalities. Those who have been issued intimation letters by the agencies will be given the new connections. The customers have to collect their LPG cylinders with the intimation letters.Though the move is likely to fuel black marketing of cooking gas in the city, the agencies don't accept the theory. Hitesh Kumar, working for a private gas agency in Circular road, said that the move is not that serious.Details of waitisng lists of applicants could not be obtained from Hindustan Petroleum. Officials declined to comment. \"We are not authorized to talk to the media,\" said an official from HP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16596196", "title": "Chief minister in people's court", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will be in people's court on Saturday evening when he would answer people's question at a live talk show 'Boley UP' on Doordarshan Lucknow.Besides answering the questions asked by the people in the studio he would also take calls from viewers from across the state. The show will be aired at 6.30 p.m.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hiruvanthapuram", "code": "16597666", "title": "Food safety officials raid anganwadis &amp; toddy shops", "text": "HIRUVANTHAPURAM: Food safety officials on Friday carried out raids at anganwadis and toddy shops across the state and collected food and toddy samples for detailed examination.Raids were conducted at 160 anganwadis and 105 toddy shops. As many as 15 food samples were collected from anganwadis for scientific examinations.The food safety officials seized and disposed of large quantity of stale rice and pulses kept at anganwadis. Instructions were given to take urgent steps to improve the quality of food items supplied to anganwadis.Most toddy shops were found to be lacking cleanliness and in food quality and were asked to improve the conditions on a war footing. As many as 118 hotels and bakeries in places declared as hotspots were also examined by the officials.Of these, two shops were served closure notice and 58 shops would be served notices.Penalties worth Rs 27,000 would be levied on these shops, a statement from the office of Food Safety Commissioner said here.Similarly, the commissionorate has given permission for the reopening of the production unit and outlet of Ambrosia bakery, subject to certain conditions.A provision store at East Fort was given closure notice. Sources said it will be allowed to operate only after until the grave flaws detected in the shop are addressed satisfactorily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596571", "title": "Smugglers use Sri Lanka as transit point to pump in gold", "text": "CHENNAI: Sri Lanka seems to have become a transit point for smugglers bringing gold here from places like Dubai and Singapore. In the past month, bureau of immigration officials at Chennai airport arrested 13 people, including several Sri Lankan Tamils, and seized 3.5kg of gold. At least 30kg of gold has been recovered at Chennai airport from smugglers so far this year, sources said.A senior immigration officer confirmed the new route. \"As officials double-check baggage of air passengers from Dubai and Singapore, smugglers are taking a lengthy route via Sri Lanka to avoid being scanned with extra care,\" a police officer said.Inquiries with the carriers caught so far have revealed that they get a mere 5,000-10,000 for a trip to India. \"Of the 13 arrested in the past one month, at least 10 are Sri Lankan Tamils,\" an official said.\"We believe the smugglers are also using a few other lesser known routes to bring in gold illegally into our country. We have stepped up security arrangements at Trichy, Kochi, Thiruvananthapuram and Bangalore airports apart from Chennai airport. A special circular has been sent to staff at these airports to check carefully the baggage of passengers arriving from Sri Lanka,\" an immigration officer said.The increase in the gold prices in India has led to smugglers trying to bring in gold from abroad, officials said. Several attempts to smuggle in the yellow metal had been successful, but a number of attempts had been thwarted with the help of informers, they added. \"We are getting information about smuggling of valuables from abroad through sources. Though most of the carriers arrested don't know much about the bigger network, special teams are on the trail of the big fish,\" the immigration officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16595250", "title": "'Norms relaxed to increase medical seats'", "text": "JAIPUR: With an aim to churn out more doctors, the union health ministry increased PG seats by 85% and undergraduate seats by 35% in various medical colleges of the country over the last three years.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Friday said that to increase the medical seats the rules of Medical Council of India were rationalised. Azad was addressing doctors at the inauguration of VSICON 2012 - a congregation of vascular surgeons from all over the world organized by the Vascular Society of India (VSI) in Jaipur.He said though health is a state subject, the union ministry has helped by releasing funds so that seats could be increased in medical colleges. He said around 30% of doctors migrate to other countries for work which leaves vacant posts in the country.Azad said the government had relaxed norms for setting up medical colleges. Earlier, a minimum of 25 acres of land was required for setting up colleges, which has now been reduced to 20 acres. Similarly, infrastructure requirement for a medical college has been reduced by 30%. The minister also added the teacher -student ratio in PG courses has been increased from 1:1 to 1:2 and even 1:3 in certain colleges.He then went on to talk about the low doctors to patients ratio. India has only about 59 doctors for 1 lakh patients, which is far lesser than the ratio in developed countries. For instance, US has nearly 550 doctors for 1 lakh patients.Moreover, Azad expressed concern over increase in the number of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) in the state. He said that project for free screening of diabetes , hypertension and cancer has been planned for 100 identified districts, including Barmer and Jaisalmer, in 21 states. The centre plans to launch free screening for NCDs in the coming years, but due to limited resources, the ministry is looking to rope in private hospitals. \"After it (talks with private hospitals) gets finalized, the centre would launch NCD screening in the country.\" He also said in the coming years, India would have the maximum number of people suffering from NCDs.Moreover, he said that to make people aware about diseases, the ministry has purchased time slots on Doordarshan's 30 regional channels and 30 radio channels. For the purpose, the ministry has selected 5,000 doctors of all specialties who would address the people on TV and radio channels at prime time.EomJaipur: With an aim to churn out more doctors, the union health ministry increased PG seats by 85% and undergraduate seats by 35% in various medical colleges of the country over the last three years.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Friday said that to increase the seats the rules of Medical Council of India were rationalized. Azad was addressing doctors in the inaugural of VSICON 2012 - a congregation of vascular surgeons from all over the world organized by Vascular Society of India (VSI) at Jaipur.He said since health is a state's subject but the union ministry has helped the state by releasing fund so that seats could be increased in medical colleges. He reiterated here in Jaipur that around 30% of doctors fly to other countries for work which leaves vacant posts in the country.Azad said the government had relaxed the norms for setting up medical colleges. Earlier, a minimum of 25 acres of land was required for setting up colleges. This area has now been reduced to 20 acres. Similarly, infrastructure requirement for a medical college has been relaxed by 30%. The minister also said that the ratio of teacher to student in PG courses has been increased from 1:1 to 1:2 and even 1:3 in certain diseases.He also talked about low ratio of doctors to patients. India has only about 59 doctors for every 1lakh people, which is much less than the ratio prevailing in developed countries. For instance, the US has nearly 550 doctors for the same number of people, Azad said.Moreover, the minister expressed concern over the increasing number of non communicable diseases in the state. He said that project for free screening of diabetes, hypertension and cancer has been planned for 100 identified districts, including Barmer and Jaisalmer, in 21 states. But, he said that screening for NCDs would be launched in entire country in the coming years. He said that the centre has plans but due to limited resources, the ministry is planning to rope in private hospitals. \"After it (talks with private hospitals) get finalized, the Centre would launch the screening of NCDs in the country.\" He said that in the coming years, India would have the maximum population suffering from NCDs.Moreover, he said that to make people aware about diseases, the ministry has purchased time slots at 30 Doordarshan regional channels and also 30 radio channels. For the purpose, the ministry has selected 5,000 doctors of all specialties who would address the people on TV and radio channels at prime time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16597147", "title": "Three held for trying to dump hazardous waste at Vellalore dump yard", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three persons including two drivers were arrested on Thursday for trying to dump highly hazardous medical waste in the Vellalore dump yard. Police seized two tractors laden with medical wastes and approached the judicial magistrate court for destroying the hazardous wastes. Police said, a 63-year-old man S Gupta (63), who owned a plastic recycling unit near Kurichi Pirivu, had assigned the consignment to the drivers.On Thursday around 6 pm, K S Mohan, secretary of Kurichi-Vellalore pollution prevention action committee was on rounds near the Vellalore dump yard and he found two tractors laden with waste materials trying to enter the dump yard. \"I stopped the vehicle as they were not corporation vehicle and found that medical wastes including needles, used cottons, syringes were dumped in gunny bags,\" said Mohan.Immediately assistant engineer (solid waste management -corporation) S P Ravi Kannan was alerted and he lodged a complaint with Podanur police station. The police arrested the tractor drivers C Silambarasan, 22 and S Kumar 20, both hailing from Konavaikalpalayam on the outskirts of the city. The police booked them under section 284 (negligent conduct with respect to poisonous substance) of IPC. On Friday, the police arrested S Gupta but he did not reveal where he collected the medical wastes from.\"We have seized the tractors laden with medical wastes and arrested three persons. We approached judicial magistrate court -VII, seeking permission to dispose the medical waste with the help of Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB),\" said M Kanagasabapathy, Inspector, Podanur police station.Now, the TNPCB is conducting an enquiry at the moment. . \"We are planning to trace where the medical waste were sent to Vellalore. Stringent action would be taken against the hospitals which sent their medical wastes,\" said P Ashokan, district environmental engineer, TNPCB, Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595579", "title": "4 of Mewat gang held for cop\u2019s murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four men have been arrested from Mewat in Haryana for the murder of city police head constable. Constable Yashpal Singh (49) was shot dead from point blank range in Baba Haridas Nagar on August 23. Singh was posted at Mehrauli police station, south Delhi at that time.The accused, identifies as Rahis (23), Mubarak (30), Jamshed (23) and Arif (25), were traced with the help of an ATM CCTV footage found near the murder spot. During interrogation, the accused told police that they had come to the capital to steal animals and murdered the police officer when he tried to stop them from stealing animals.\"A call was received around 1.30am on August 24 that a body was found near Jharoda bus stand. The victim was rushed to a hospital but was declared brought dead. With the help of a witness, the special staff of southwest district got to know that Mewati gangs could be behind the incident,\" said A K Ojha addl CP, southwest.Gangsters from Mewat are infamous for attacking police teams and therefore a different strategy was adopted to nab the gang. Informers were deployed to identify the criminals and observe their movements around the capital.According to Ojha, a team of special staff was deployed to get information about Rahis. Acting on a tip-off, Rahis was apprehended. During interrogation, he told police that he, along with nine other associates, had come to Jharoda in a tempo to steal cows for slaughter. When they stoped their tempo to catch the animal, a person riding a yellow bike tried to question and stop them from stealing. Following this, a scuffle took place between them and one of the gang members fired at the motorcyclist. The motorcyclist was constable Yashpal Singh who was returning back home after duty when he got killed.On September 27, crime branch apprehended two more members of the gang \u2014 Jamshed and Arif \u2014 from Kapashera bus stand. Mubarak was also nabbed. Police has launched a manhunt to nab their other associates, Ojha added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16597899", "title": "Why has CBI failed to examine Rajnish Rai?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation's chargesheet in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case, which is likely to be filed before an Ahmedabad court on Saturday, is seen to be much more power-packed than the chargesheet filed earlier in the related Sohrabuddin Sheikh case.Yet, quite inexplicably, it appears that the CBI is still pulling its punches and falling short of going all-out to make a fool-proof case against the accused Gujarat police officials and their political patrons. What has really baffled legal experts is the fact that deputy inspector general Rajnish Rai, who made the sensational arrests of his fellow IPS officers D G Vanzara, Rajkumar Pandian and Dinesh M N in April 2007, has not been examined so far, even though he has been named as a witness.Instead, the CBI has relied on his affidavit in a service matter before the Ahmedabad bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal. Legal experts say that this affidavit has no value in the criminal trial. They also point out that Rai had limited his affidavit for the service matter. He obviously has a lot more to say because he had stated in his affidavit that he was compelled to divulge facts about Sohrabuddin and related cases \"to the extent necessary\".The CBI had the option and plenty of time to record Rai's statement under section 161 of the criminal procedure code, which is a more credible evidence and is irretractable. Yet, it has chosen not to, giving out mixed signals about its intent. Leading lawyer Mukul Sinha, who has represented Rai in the CAT case, says, \"CBI investigations are still incomplete because key witnesses like Rajnish Rai, who was the investigating officer in the twin encounters, have not been examined.\"Sinha, who is now representing Tulsiram's mother Narmadabai, says the entire Rajasthan angle has gone missing in the chargesheet even though the conspiracy was first hatched there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16597738", "title": "M S University gets its first centralized instrumentation centre", "text": "VADODARA: M S University's faculty of science on Friday got first of its kind centralized instrumentation facility in the name of father of Indian space programme Dr Vikram Sarabhai.The Vikram Sarabhai Science Block Instrumentation Centre is a sophisticated facility which will not only help teachers of the university in their research, but also provide services to industry and other research centres of Gujarat.Set up at the cost of Rs 1 crore, most of which the faculty of science, generated internally, the science block is spread on 10,000 square feet area and has come up opposite Bhasha Bhavan near the D N Hall ground.With the provision of an amphitheatre, this instrumentation centre will house sophisticated instruments like FACS, confocal microscope, real time PCR, HPLC system among others, costing over Rs 1.5 crore each.On Friday, minister of state for higher and technical education Vasuben Trivedi inaugurated the facility in the presence of MSU chancellor Mrunalinidevi Puar, vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh and members of the teaching and non-teaching staff of the university.Trivedi also laid foundation for a multiple study centre, which will be six-floor building with a lift facility adjacent to the science block.\"This centre will house some of our self-finance programmes and will have discussion room, seminar room, teachers room and classrooms. Like the science block, it will be a centralized facility,\" dean of faculty of science professor Nikhil Desai told TOI.The Vikram Sarabhai Science Block will house equipment mainly in the area of life science research for which the faculty has received grants from Government of India's department of biotechnology (DBT).\"Apart from the grants that we have received from DBT for inter-disciplinary life science programme, we have also received grants under department of science and technology's Promotion of University Research in Science Excellence (PURSE) scheme,\" said Desai, adding that as maintenance of equipment is a major concern for all the departments. The funds generated by providing services to industry and other institutes will be utilized towards maintenance of equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595735", "title": "Cops on their toes for last day of idol immersion", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay wants to leave no stone unturned to ensure security for the last day of Ganesh idol immersion on Saturday. After an hourlong review meeting at the police gymkhana on Friday, Dhanvijay, along with joint CP Sanjay Saxena, also inspected the security arrangements near the Futala lake.Apart from deployment of 5,000 police personnel, 650 home guards and two companies of State Reserve Police Force (SRPF), closed circuit television cameras have been installed at 75 places and seven watch towers erected. Dhanvijay said that the general alert sounded by the security agencies across the country for the festival periods cannot be taken lightly. \"Timing for playing music and DJs at public places has been extended till midnight for the last day,\" he said.The CP said that the bomb detection and disposal squad (BDDS) will be available round the clock. \"Strict action will be taken against any hooliganism. Those violating the rules and disrupting peace will be arrested,\" said Dhanvijay.The Nagpur Municipal Corporation has arranged for divers, boats and fire brigade at immersion spots to assist the police in case of any emergency. \"We would be also deploying traffic personnel near the parking spots from Vayusena Nagar to Futala Lake. This stretch would be a one-way,\" the CP said, adding, \"We will also have a special squad to keep check on eve teasers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16594731", "title": "LIG Link road work hits roadblock", "text": "INDORE: Removal of housing coming in the way of LIG Link Road, connecting the LIG Crossing to Ring Road has suffered a setback at least for time being. Two more 'patta' holders, who have emerged from nowhere, obtained stay from the high court on Friday. It would make administration to repeat the entire process of cancellation of 'patta' and other formalities all over again, further delaying the project.On Thursday, the team of district administration with the police and officials of IMC and IDA reached LIG Crossing holders to clear the way for LIG Link Road knowing nothing about two new 'patta' holders. When occupants were protesting removal of houses tooth and nail to buy some time, two 'patta' holders Ram Aadhar and Prakash Kanhaiyalal approached the high court. Buckling under the pressure of protestors, the administration gave one day's time to vacate the place. Removal team left the place after hours of drama saying that they would carry out removal work on Friday. However, occupants came out with a shocker for administrator in the form of court stay.One of the occupants, Ram Aadhar said the HC granted them stay and asked the administration to first cancel their 'patta' as per law before carrying out any removal. This has halted the removal for time being.When nazul official had carried out the survey a few months ago, they had given the list of 13 'patta' holders. After which a high-power committee cancelled the 'pattas' on September 23. District official said occupants intentionally hid name of two 'patta' holders with the motive to subtle the removal work later at the time of survey. \"One house has three 'pattas' at the time of survey they had shown it one in the name of Ramkali Bai,\" official said, adding 'patta' in the name of Ramkali Bai was cancelled, but two remained as it was.Official said that occupants could only delay the process but they could not stop it. Now, they will cancel the 'patta' and also urge court to vacate the stay. Houses will be removed as road is being constructed for the benefit of people. One out of 15 'pattas' was in the name of a wife of retired teshildar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16596992", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa exploring SP option too", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa , who seems to be mentally prepared to quit the BJP, is exploring several options, including the unlikely Samajawadi Party.Sources in the Yeddyurappa camp said he was in talks with SP leaders along with Janata Party's Subramanian Swamy. Giving enough hints of quitting, Yeddyurappa told reporters here on Friday: \"That phase is fast approaching. I will not hesitate to quit BJP if my personal honour is at stake. I'll soon announce my political plans.''There's speculation that Yeddyurappa may float a new regional outfit, Karnataka Janata Party, or revive the Kannada Nadu Party. The Lingayat strongman announced the second leg of his tour in north Karnataka from October 5 to know the pulse of people and gauge their support. Sources said the tour would conclude in Davanagere on November 19.Slamming deputy chief minister KS Eswarappa for his statement that all sitting MLAs cannot be sure of getting 'B' form (to contest as a BJP candidate), Yeddyurappa said, \"My loyalists and I will not queue up to get the BJP B form.''He also accused chief minister Jagadish Shettar of giving high-profile portfolios to not only MP Renukacharya and Narasimha Naik, but also Revunaik Belamagi and Sunil Vallapure.Opposition leader in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitely is expected to come to Bangalore on October 2 to pacify Yeddyurappa. Party leaders have also held talks with his close aide and water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai on Friday. Meanwhile, BJP patriarch L K Advani is expected to visit the city on Saturday, but that's to meet centenarian lexicographer G Venkatasubbaiah.KS Eshwarappa will continue as president of the state unit, till his term ends in December. There was intense speculation that he would be replaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16599209", "title": "'Oh My God' complaints: Cops guard Akshay's home", "text": "Most Hindi film actors have a coterie of six to eight security guards accompanying them wherever they go. However, Akshay Kumar , who is normally escorted by just one guard, had been an exception till now.TOI has learnt Akki has been given police protection as a precautionary measure after a senior Punjab Mahila Congress leader lodged a complaint with the Jalandhar Police, alleging Akshay has hurt religious sentiments of Hindus in OMG: Oh My God that hit theatres yesterday.A source from the trade told, \"Two policemen have been positioned 24x7 outside Akshay's Juhu residence since a couple of days.\"Akshay has cooperated with the police but remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16596168", "title": "HC allows unloading of coal shipment at Mormugao Port Trust", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Thursday granted conditional relief to Shraddha Ispat Pvt Ltd (SIPL) and others by allowing the unloading of their coal consignment at berth No. 10 and 11 of the Mormugao Port Trust (MPT) at Vasco.A division bench comprising Justice S J Vazifdar and Justice U V Bakre Observed thus\" In view of the urgency of the matter, we intend granting only a limited ad-interim relief by permitting only this consignment to be unloaded. We are, however, not inclined to grant the further relief sought of permitting the petitioners to transport the same from berth No 10 to their factory.\"The petitioners pointed that on September 17, 2012, they had nominated a vessel for the carriage of the 8,000 MTs coal by sea and intimated MPT about its arrival. On September 25, the MPT informed the petitioners that it was unable to berth the petitioners' ship in view of Goa state pollution control board order.On September 24,Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB)had revoked the consent to operate order given to MPT with respect to the handling of coal and coke only at berth Nos. 10 and 11. Subsequently, SIPL and others approached the high court seeking permission to discharge the cargo. \"The respondents shall permit the petitioners to allow berthing of the vessel 'MV Pacific Leader' at berth Nos. 10 and 11at the Mormugao Port and to allow the discharge of cargo thereat only for the purpose of stacking the same in the first respondents' stackyard\", the court stated.The court has also directed that if the petitioners do not comply with any directions of respondents No.1 and/or 2, the concerned respondent shall be at liberty to apply to this Court for directions or to take such steps as they may desire, even without recourse to this Court,entirely at the petitioners' costs. The court will hear the petition further on October 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16594814", "title": "Show-cause notices to chief minister's office, Assembly", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two top state bodies are in the dock for disrespecting and violating the Right to Information (RTI) Act. The chief minister's office (CMO) and the state Assembly have been slapped with show-cause notices by the State Information Commission on Friday after a case came up for hearing in which the government bodies had failed to furnish information under the RTI Act.RTI activist N Srinivasa Rao of Prakasam district sent applications to both the Assembly and chief minister's office in October 2010 to get information under section 4 (1) (b) of the RTI Act, which every government body is bound to furnish. This information includes the roles, duties, staff details, salaries, and structure of office. Both departments did not reply to the RTI query which resulted in Rao filing a complaint with the commission in November 2010.Complainant N Srinivasa Rao said, \"According to the RTI Act implemented in 2005, every government body has to disclose complete information in some form or the other about its department within 120 days of the enactment of the Act. But till date, neither the chief minister's office nor the Assembly has furnished this information. This should be dealt with seriously as this is not expected from top government departments.\"The case which came up for hearing on Thursday was attended by public information officers of the Assembly and the chief minister's office and the complainant. After going through the proceedings of the case, chief information commissioner Jannat Hussain issued show-cause notices to the respective departments on why they should not be levied a penalty of Rs 25,000 for their actions and set a deadline of November 6 for their reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16596427", "title": "3 killed in second blast in Sivakasi in 3 weeks", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Barely three weeks after the ghastly fire accident in Sivakasi that claimed 39 lives, another explosion rocked the country's fireworks hub on Friday, killing three people. The three men were employed in an unauthorized fireworks manufacturing unit functioning out of a house at Vijayakarisalkulam village near Vembaottai, about 25km from the Virudhunagar district headquarters, police said.The workers were busy making fireworks in a shed behind the house when a blast occurred. All three died on the spot. There was no other worker in the shed.Police said the explosion did not cause any damage to neighbouring houses or injure anybody else in the vicinity. The victims were identified as Bagyaraj (28), Kumar (45) and Kaliraj (35) of neighbouring Vallampatti village. The house owner, Chellapandian, who is believed to have employed them, is on the run.\"It was an illegal unit. Since we are cracking down on authorized fireworks manufacturing units and conducting frequent inspections, the manufacturers have moved to villages,\" Virudhunagar district revenue officer R Raju said. Madurai district fire officer K Karupaiah, holding additional charge of Virudhunagar, said the accident occurred around 10am and the fire had been put out.\"Friction between chemicals used in fireworks could have caused the explosion. Even a small friction could spark a fire,\" he said.The accident has come as a jolt to officials who are under pressure to closely monitor the fireworks industry and enforce safety mechanisms following the September 5 explosion at a fireworks manufacturing unit at Mudhalipatti village near Sivakasi.During raids, officials found violation of safety norms in as many as 50 of the 700-odd authorised firecracker units in the district and issued stop-work notices them. Today's explosion has once again brought to light the fact that manufacturers are adopting illegal means to meet the fireworks orders for Diwali.Some of the firms have outsourced the work to villagers, who carry out the jobs in their backyard, virtually turning the whole manufacturing process into a cottage industry where accidents are waiting to happen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16599678", "title": "Microsoft wants 20,000 more H-1B visas, green cards", "text": "Microsoft is pushing for legislation in the US to get 20,000 supplementary H-1B visas to be allocated for foreign personnel with science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) skills. Along with that, it wants the US Congress to reallocate 20,000 green cards for workers with these skills.Brad Smith , Microsoft's general counsel &amp; executive vice president, legal &amp; corporate affairs proposed these two reforms in a bog post yesterday. This is the company's plan to tackle the problem of lack of skilled American workers in the fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics.In his post, Smith stated: \"First, Congress should create a new, supplemental category with 20,000 visas annually for STEM skills that are in short supply. In addition, Congress should take advantage of prior unused green cards by making a supplemental allocation of 20,000 new green card slots for workers with STEM skills.\"Microsoft has proposed that the company's which use the H-1B visas from this supplementary pool should pay $10,000 for each employee who gets the visa, while green card approval will entail a fee of $15,000 on the company's part. Smith said, \"We believe this approach could raise up to $500 million per year - or $5 billion over a decade.\" He said that the amount could be divided between states where STEM education is most needed.This proposal is a step towards fixing the skill gap problem that US companies face. Microsoft itself has 3,400 vacancies for engineers, developers and researchers, an increase of 34% over last year. Smith said unless corrective measures are taken, technology jobs, not only of Microsoft but other companies' as well, can move away from the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596693", "title": "Exotic animals, birds returned to businessman man", "text": "CHENNAI: Exotic birds and marmoset monkeys seized by forest department officials from a house in Velachery on Thursday were returned to their owner a day later as none of the species were found to be covered by the Indian Wildlife Protection Act (WPA), 1972.This has again fuelled a debate among animal welfare activists who have been demanding amendments to the act. \"We had to release the birds and animals as they are not covered under WPA,\" said a forest department official.Acting on a tip-off received by Blue Cross, officials had rescued eight marmoset monkeys and several exotic birds, including macaws, cockatoos, pioneer parrots and rainbow lories from the house of Karthikeyan, a businessman.\"The birds and monkeys were stuffed into small cages, with no room to move around,\" said Dawn Williams, general manager, Blue Cross. Karthikeyan, however, denied that they were ill-treated. \"My pets were well taken care of. I have done nothing illegal and have documents showing how I had procured them,\" he said.The animals and birds were handed over to him on Friday. In India, many exotic species are not covered under the WPA. \"The intention of the act is to protect native Indian species,\" said S Narayanan, director, Wildlife Crime Control Bureau, southern region. Exotic species may be listed under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES), an international agreement between governments that aims to ensure that international trade in specimens of wild animals and plants does not threaten their survival.\"But it is just a convention and we cannot take action based on it,\" said Narayanan. That is why the key changes suggested in the draft Wildlife (Protection) Amendment Bill includes greater harmony with CITES. \"We are trying to cover CITES listed species in a separate Schedule 7. It is still in the draft stage and under consideration of the ministry of environment and forests,\" he said.Animal welfare activists feel that it is time that WPA got more teeth. \"When we conducted a raid on pet shops in Aminjikarai a few years ago, the same thing happened. The police could not take any action since all the birds there were exotic species,\" said Shiranee Periera of People for Animals. While a complaint can be filed under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 1960, the penalties are stronger under the WPA.Pet consultant Demetrius Isaac said there is a great demand for exotic pets in India, with many like marmosets and wallabies being bred here. \"We should have a CITES registry,\" he said.\"Other countries open a separate registry and whoever is in possession of exotic species will declare what animal they have. Then you can keep a record of the births and deaths and it will help streamline the process,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16597621", "title": "Punjab tech education joint director suspended", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab government on Friday suspended Jagjit Singh , joint director, skill development cell of technical education, on corruption charges. The government has also initiated a departmental inquiry against Singh.Technical education and industrial training minister Anil Joshi, who issued the instructions, said he had received complaints against Singh for asking bribe to clear cases with him. \"One of the complainants had given an affidavit against Singh saying he had demanded Rs 8 lakh to execute a job in his favour. We had given him warnings in the past also. Inquiry was marked earlier too,\" Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16597206", "title": "From Rajasthan to China, find them all in Kolkata this Puja", "text": "KOLKATA: Just as pandal-hoppers wait expectantly to find out what unique theme their favourite puja organizers have come up with, the latter try harder every year to dazzle the people as well as impress the judges of the prestigious puja awards. So, from the abstract to the exotic, they are trying it out all.Take Badamtala Ashar Sangha for example, which has been an award clincher these days. It plans to stun this year with its 'Ulta Pathe' theme. The concept is to set up the pandal in parts all over the lanes and bylanes leading to the image, while the idols are housed inside a cradle of decorative lighting. \"Conventionally, you see lights leading to the pandal. We have reversed it this year. When you reach the idol, you will be stunned by the structure of lighting that will look like a pandal,\" explained Deepak Kumar, spokesperson of the club.The high-profile Suruchi Sangha in New Alipore, where minister for youth affairs Arup Biswas is one of the main organisers, will present a slice of Goa to visitors. The organisers refused to reveal if the look will be that of a sea beach. \"But we will also highlight the life and culture of the state, like we do every year for the theme state we choose,\" said Swarup Biswas, a senior organizer.D L Roy's famous poem, 'Dhana Dhanye Pushpe Bhara' is being converted into a theme at Selimpur Pally. The focus is on the two lines, 'Gunjariya Ashe Oli Punje Punje Dheye'. A huge artificial beehive has been created with animated bees all over. The goddess is seen coming out of a huge lotus that is floating on an artificial waterbody. The message is that of environment consciousness.Many puja organisers are trying out themes that will help spread social awareness. The Barisha Sabuj Sathi Club, for example, is using Nepathye (background) as the theme and focusing on the lost handicrafts of Bengal. The pandal and the decor around it will feature clay pottery, pat shilpa and shola art - all three are dying a natural death these days. \"We have employed a large number of artisans to help them earn a livelihood, albeit temporary. We are trying to get in touch with corporate houses to help give a boost to the art forms,\" said Snehangshu Roy, an organiser.The plight of a rickshaw-puller will come alive in the pandal of Bosepukur Sitala Sangha, which will otherwise celebrate the strength of woman power as Shakti. \"All over the pandal, you will see mantras celebrating the theme of Chandi or the mother goddess as the slayer of evil forces,\" explained a member of the club. The pandal is being designed in the shape of a rickshaw.Rural Rajasthan, with its sights and vibrant colours, is coming alive at Ballygunge Cultural Association. This is also the pandal shown at the Bollywood blockbuster 'Kahaani'. To celebrate the success of the film, director Sujoy Ghosh and many members of the film's cast and crew will be present at the pandal on October 18.The Chinese Dragon Festival will come alive at the Ahiritola Sarbojonin puja. Lion dances, silent fireworks and a lot of music with cymbals playing and people dancing, promise to turn the puja into a mini-China. \"The Chinese have been living in this city for long and we plan to make this community part of our festivity. The dragon festival is celebrated in China as the harbinger of good luck. We hope it will bring good luck to our city as well,\" said Dulal Sil, secretary of the club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16594417", "title": "Bhopal School of Social Sciences students use techno society to remain update", "text": "BHOPAL: The students of Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS), a non-technical institute, use the techno society to showcase technical innovations and remain update with latest developments on the technical front. The cyber club of BSSS organizes Techno Spark annually like the engineering colleges.The new team of cyber club of the BSSS took oath here on Friday.BSSS is the only non-engineering college in the state capital to have a cyber club and its members are students of bachelor of computer applications (BCA).\"Techno societies in engineering colleges are common. But, students of BSSS have stepped into the same concept by forming the cyber club with the idea of keeping themselves abreast with latest developments,\" said Monika Rai, new president of the club.\"Like engineering colleges we conduct Techno Spark annually. Under this, the cyber club conducts various events like IT based non-working model making shows , tech-poetry, ad-mad show, IT posters, power-point presentations, games and quizzes.\" third year, Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA) student, Monika said.Talking about the activities of the club, Rohan Dube, one of the 35 members, said the club has been involved in a number of activities for the last couple of years.Last year Techno Spark was organised with the theme 'ignited innovations' which turned out to be a big hit in the college.Besides, the cyber club has been involved in various techno workshops like hardware, computer quiz, chart presentation among others where students learn various aspects on information technology and updates on technological developments. The club selects new team for one academic session which is open to all students BCA of BSSS.The department of computer application of BSSS provides their guidance to the students,\" in charge of the cyber club, Prof Prabha Biju said.On Friday, a computer quiz was organised where 24 teams of 3 students each in the team participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596631", "title": "Godman\u2019s disciple claims threat to life", "text": "CHENNAI: Aarthi Rao, an NRI who had charged godman Nithyananda with sexually abusing her, on Friday lodged a complaint with police alleging that she feared a threat to her life.Rao, a former disciple of Nithyananda, had on August lodged a complaint with the CB-CID, stating that she faced a threat to her life from the godman's associates.She told police that a stranger entered the compound of the house where she is temporarily residing with her mother in Teynampet on Thursday at 4.30pm, when she was not at home. Rao's mother later spotted him moving shiftily around their compound and talking on his cellphone.\"When my mother questioned him, he did not reply but made a quick exit,\" Rao said. A couple of hours later, another man entered the compound and approached her mother. \"He asked for somebody named Senthil,\" she said. \"When my mother said there was no one called Senthil in the house, he yelled at her and went away.\"At 8pm, a third man came looking for a woman named Sujatha. \"My mother was alarmed, but before she could raise an alarm, the man escaped on a motorbike on which another man was waiting,\" Rao told police.Rao said her mother informed her daughter about the trespassers when she returned home. \"These incidents have disturbed my family. I have approached the police seeking protection,\" Rao said.After accusing Nithyananda of sexual abuse, Rao was a prosecution witness when Karnataka police filed a chargesheet against the godman. The case is pending trial in a district court in Karnataka. In her earlier complaint with CB-CID, Rao said Nithyananda and his supporters had threatened her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16596457", "title": "Supreme Court opinion on resource auctions does not exonerate govt: CPM", "text": "NEW DELHI: CPM on Friday said the Supreme Court judgment on the presidential reference on how to allocate natural resources was not an exoneration of the government. It had only clarified certain issues connected with the policy and the method to be adopted with regard to disposal of natural resources, the party said.\"The UPA government and the Congress leadership cannot claim vindication for its policy as the court has refused to review the judgment of the 2G spectrum case where it invalidated the first-come first-served policy and ordered the cancellation of 122 licences,\" CPM said, adding that the apex court had clarified that auction was not the only permissible method of allocating natural resources across all sectors. \"It will depend from sector to sector,\" CPM said.The party said as far as coal mining was concerned, it was a nationalized industry. \"The policy adopted of giving captive coal blocks was designed to promote privatization through the back door. Going for competitive bidding for such coal blocks will only further heighten the privatization of coal mining undermining the national law,\" it said, advocating an alternative mechanism whereby allocations and mining for steel, power and cement producers should be routed through Coal India Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595744", "title": "Tiny tots to energetic teens pedal for a greener city", "text": "NAGPUR: It was a day when kindergarten to high school students peddled their way enthusiastically for a dream and a hope of a better, cleaner and greener Nagpur.Education Times along with Chanda Devi Saraf (CDS) School on Friday had organized a 'Go green cycle rally' in which around 300 students took part. The rally was followed by a fashion show for kindergarten and primary school students at the Institute of Engineers Hall (IEH).For many, it was a heartening scene to watch toddlers riding their tricycles with placards and banners supporting conservation of trees and environment. The rally began from the Times of India office in Dharampeth and it passed through Law College and Bole petrol pump squares to pass by Maharajbagh. Then going from the front of TOI office in Ramdaspeth it finally culminated at the IEH.At regular intervals children dressed up as animals and plants encouraged the cyclists who were also joined by their parents on mopeds. \"This is the least we can do for nature and that is why we are here,\" said Avisha Fatehpuria, a student.The enthusiasm among the students was so high that they went out of their way to take part in the cycle rally. Said Sakshi Turkar, another student, \"I live very far, so I came to my friend's place who lives nearby, borrowed her cycle and then came to participate in the rally.\" From time to time cries of 'Green Nagpur, Clean Nagpur' rose loudly from the rally.The fashion show which was followed by the cycle rally also attracted over 300 participants from various schools in the city. Tiny tots dressed in attires ranging from jute gowns to paper frocks, from becoming tree man to recycle man enthralled the audience.The results of the fashion show will be declared on September 30 edition of Times of India and Maharashtra Times. The first prize winners in both kindergarten and primary categories will bag bicycles while the other winners will be awarded books worth Rs 1000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16597796", "title": "3 killed in yet another accident in Sivakasi unit", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Barely three weeks after the ghastly fire accident that claimed 39 lives in Sivakasi, another explosion occurred in the fireworks hub of the country, killing three people, on Friday morning.The workers were employed in an unauthorised fireworks unit functioning from a house in Vijayakarisalkulam village near Vembaottai, about 25km from the Virudhunagar district headquarters.The three men were making fireworks in a shed behind a house, when friction between the chemicals sparked an explosion, killing them on the spot. Police said there were no other workers in the shed and the explosion did not cause any damage to the neighbouring house nor injure anybody else in the vicinity.The deceased were identified as Bhagyaraj (28), Kumar (45) and Kaliraj (35) of the neighbouring Vallampatti village. House owner Chellapandian, who is suspected to have employed the three workers, is on the run.The explosion came as a jolt to officials already facing the heat to regularize the fireworks industry and enforce safety mechanisms in the wake of the accident on September 5 at a manufacturing unit at Mudhalipatti village.In raids at 700-odd authorised cracker units in the district, officials found violation of safety norms in as many as 50 units and issued stop work notices.Friday's explosion has once again brought to light the fact that cracker manufacturers are adopting illegal means to comply with the orders placed for Diwali. Some of the cracker manufacturers have outsourced the work to villagers who do it in their backyard.\"It was an illegal unit. Since we tightened our grip on authorized unit and are conducting frequent inspections, manufacturers have moved it to villages,\" Virudhunagar district revenue officer R Raju, said.\"The three workers were involved in making crackers in a house. We will have to conduct a combing operation in rural areas to prevent such accidents,\" he said.Madurai district fire officer, K Karupaiah, holding additional charge of Virudhunagar, said that the accident occurred at around 10am and the fire was put out. \"Friction of chemicals used in cracker manufacturing could have caused the explosion,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16597178", "title": "'Non-Maoist groups bigger threat than rebels'", "text": "RANCHI: Non-Maoist groups, many of which are purely criminal gangs, have become a bigger threat to the state than the CPI (Maoists). A study by the state police special branch showed that these groups in the past one year have been responsible for carrying out over 55 per cent terror strikes in the state, thereby sending alarming signals to security agencies. \"Together they are earning crores from levies,\" said police sources.According to an estimate, the People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI), a splinter group of the CPI (Maoists), alone makes over Rs 150 crore annually from levies. A dozen such groups are active in Jharkhand. The IG special branch, S N Pradhan, said, \"They have overtaken the Maoists and are flourishing flaunting the name of Maoists. If this trend continues, we might need another Operation Green Hunt to flush them out.\"As businessmen tend to pay more money to Maoists than to local criminals out of fear, every criminal group in Jharkhand is now projecting itself as Maoists. \"It requires only a group of criminals, a few posters, some Maoist levy collection pads and arms to unleash a reign of terror,\" said Pradhan, who is also the spokesperson of the Jharkhand Police.Since 2004, when the People's War Group and the Maoist Communist Centre merged to form the CPI (Maoists), dozens of splinter groups were formed. The PLFI is led by Dinesh Gope, Tritiya Prastuti Committee (TPC), TPC special and TPC 1 by Brajesh Ganju, the Jharkhand Prastuti Committee (JPC) by Loha Singh (now dead). Several other groups like the Pahadi Cheeta, Jharkhand Sangharsh Morcha, Jharkhand Jan Mukti Sangrah Morcha (JJMSM) are functioning without leaders.Recently, a group of JJMSM leaders attacked the Patratu cement factory asking for levy. This group had spread terror in the Patratu Industrial Area, where over half-a-dozen factories are located. The Namkum police arrested three persons who were collecting money in the name of Maoists. A group of local criminals impersonating as PLFI men killed a businessman by the name of Sushil Kejriwal. It was an extortion killing. In Jamshedpur, two Maoists were arrested while collecting money from a railway contractor a few months ago. Three days ago, the Namkum police arrested three criminals for demanding money.The Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (Jvice president, Vikas Singh, said, \"Businessmen prefer to pay up than report the matter to the police.\"The Ranchi SSP, Saket Singh, said even petty criminals have started calling themselves Maoists as it helps them to collect money faster.In the past few years, the CPI (Maoists) suffered many setbacks because of the arrest of several top leaders and cadres. Over a 100 Maoists have been arrested. Their supreme commander, Kishenji, was also shot dead last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16597646", "title": "Winged guests are here", "text": "Bird-lovers across the city are unpacking their binoculars , their cameras and tele-lenses . The few spells of rain received so far have been enough and the first of the migratory birds, many of which fly in from colder countries of Europe before winter sets in, have started coming in. Even rookies looking for their first birding photographs could give it a shot during the weekends. There are several water bodies in and around the city that attract hordes of winged visitors every year.The best place to start is, in this case, the Adyar estuary in the heart of the city. \"Other lakes around the city are still a little low in water,\" says Kumaran Sathasivam of Madras Naturalists Society. \"So the number of birds there would be lesser. But the estuary still has sufficient water as it connects the sea. I visited the place a few days ago and found lots of pelicans swimming in the water. I also spotted golden clovers, stints and a few others ,\" he said.Another good place, says T Murugavel of the Trust for Environment Monitoring and Action, is the recently planted mangrove patch at Adyar Poonga. \"Despite the degradation , the birds continue to come. Fortunately, the park remains closed to the public and this has helped the bird population. Only two weeks ago, I spotted several ruddy turnstones at the Adyar estuary . These birds push small stones and pebbles aside to pick at grub that might lie underneath,\" he says.Also certain to be a big hit with bird-watchers is the Pallikaranai marsh. \"It is the only place where one can spot a grey-headed lapwing ,\" says Murugavel. \"These birds migrate from the northern parts of the country during this season. One can also spot other migratory birds like red shank, green shank and sandpiper.\"Then there are other local residents that are definitely worth a 'snap' and Pallikaranai boasts of many \u2014 the spot-billed pelican, crescent tailed jacana, purple moorhen , common coot and duck species like spot billed duck, northern pintail , northern shoveler and fulvous whistling duck.\"The spot-billed pelican has been on the endangered species list for the past decade. But recently their numbers have begun to rise at Pallikaranai and Vedanthangal,\" says Murugavel.Of course, the best bet is still the Vedanthangal bird sanctuary, 75km south of Chennai. The oldest in the country, it will play host to hundreds of migratory water birds for the rest of the year, including ducks, cormorants, herons, teals and painted storks.The nesting season for these birds begins in November and they remain until April. Another option is the Pulicat lake, 80km north of Chennai. The middle of October is flamingo season here and until April the place is a teeming mass of pink as hundreds of greater flamingos congregate.The best place to spot flamingos, however, is half-a-day's drive from Chennai \u2014 the Point Calimere estuary in Nagapattinam district. In the past, the place is known to have clocked up to 5,000 flamingos in a year, most of which fly in from Iran. \"Birds are yet to come this year at Point Calimere due to the delayed rainfall,\" says S Jayakumar of the Salim Ali Institute for Ornithology. \"But I'm told that the rains will be good, even if delayed. So we are expecting them to arrive a month-anda-half later. Right now even, the local resident birds are not frequenting the place.\"So load the car and pack that camera for a winged weekend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595360", "title": "UG semester exams in Delhi University from Nov 20", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University has announced the dates for the forthcoming semester undergraduate exams. The exams are going to start from November 20 and would continue till December 14.The timing for semester exams have been changed, the morning shift exams will now be conducted from 9.30 am instead of 9 am and the evening shift exams will be conducted from 2.30 pm instead of 3 pm. All the honours programme and BSc exams will be conducted in the morning shift, while the BA and BCom programmes exam will be conducted in the second shift.The university has also announced evaluation schedule which means every teacher now knows in advance on which dates and in which centres specific papers will be evaluated.As per the date sheet, released on Thursday, all the BA (honours) programmes will be conducted from November 20 to November 30. The BA programme exam will be conducted from November 20 to December 14.The BCom (honours) exams will be conducted from November 20 to November 30, while the BCom programme will be conducted from November 21 to December 8. The BSc exams will be conducted from November 20 to December 7 and BSc (honours) exams will be conducted from November 20 to December 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16596240", "title": "'Goenchim Lharam' in Panaji today", "text": "As part of its centenary celebrations, Clube Nacional, Panaji , will organize a programme of Konkani songs, music and dance, 'Goenchim Lharam', on September 29 at its premises from 8pm onwards. For details and reservation call on 2225316.Goa state museum's foundation day: Goa state museum will celebrate its foundation day on September 29. To mark the occasion, the department has organized an exhibition 'Dev-Kan' (display of the sculptures) by Navaso Parvar. The exhibition will be inaugurated by Mathew Samuels, secretary for museums on September 29 at 3.30pm.1-day meditation course for children: Goa Vipassana Samiti will organize its monthly, one-day meditation course for children aged 8 to 15, on September 30 from 9.30am to 3.45pm at 'Queen Laura', opposite Patrao Plaza next to Axle Heights, on the road to Britona. Conducted by trained teachers, this course is held every last Sunday of the month at the same place. For more information call on 9422641206 or 9673804000.Expo for the elderly: Celebrating Age! India Expo 2012, a two-day event designed to showcase activities that the elderly can participate to enrich their retirement lives begins at the Sports Authority of Goa Stadium Complex, Campal on September 29 at 11 am.Organisers said it seeks to provide opportunities to lead a healthy and qualitative life in the golden eventide of their lives. The event is a joint initiative by International Longevity Centre India- ILC-I and Vision India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "atam nagar", "code": "16597452", "title": "Gurvir Singh\u2019s first shot at mountain biking", "text": "ATAM NAGAR: The love for cycling has kept Gurvir Singh alias Angad on the roads for most of the 20 years of his age but the excitement on his face before leaving for the MTB Himalaya 2012 mountain bicycling challenge was like never before. The Atam Nagar resident left for Shimla on Friday morning as the tour begins from there and goes on until October 6.Gurvir says he can't recall being away from his bicycles ever since he first learned to pedal. \"American former professional racing cyclist Lance Armstrong inspires me. This is the first time I am participating in such an important cycling event and I will head to other expeditions after this one,\" says Gurvir, who is participating in the solo men's open category at MTB Himalaya 2012.Talking about his preparations for the mountain biking challenge, Gurvir says he has been training at the gym and cycling up and down the crazy roads of this city. \"I have been climbing flyovers on the cycle and taking the rough terrain around the city while preparing for the event. But, my objective at the challenge is to enjoy the ride amid Himalayas,\" he adds. His family and friends too are excited about Gurvir's attempt at the Himalayan challenge.Cycling in the city is a troublesome task, says the cyclist, who feels the commuters do not have respect for the cyclists in this city. \"Dedicated lanes for cyclists are an urgent requirement here if the people are to be encouraged to take up the healthy and clean habit of cycling,\" says Gurvir, who is pursuing his BA student from DAV College, Chandigarh. Mentioning some of the places where cyclists can ride around easily and enjoy the nature around them, Gurvir suggests PAU campus and Machiwara forests as the suitable places one may head to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16597108", "title": "3 held for attempted robbery", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three youths were arrested on Thursday evening for attempting to loot an elderly woman at knifepoint after gagging her at her residence at Saravanampatti on Wednesday. A knife, a motorcycle, adhesive tape and a packet of red chilly powder were seized from them.The accused were identified as K Elango, 31 from Sivanandapuram, M Ranganathan, 26 from Keeranatham and Ajay, 27 from Jabalpur in Madhya Pradesh.Police said, R Kamala (67), a resident of Saravanamapatti was alone at her residence on September 26 evening. She was cutting vegetables in the hall with the front door open. The youths had approached the woman under the pretext of looking for a house to rent. When she was talking to them, they gagged her with adhesive tape and held a knife to her throat.She was asked to remover her gold chain. Kamala's husband Rajendran (75) came home and was shocked to see the trio threatening his wife at knifepoint. He shouted for help immediately. Neighbours rushed to their house on hearing the screams. However, the trio gagged Rajendran and tied his hands with adhesive tape and managed to flee on their motorcycle. Fortunately some neighbours noted down their motorcycle's registration number and informed Saravanamaptti police. On Thursday evening, the Saravanampatti police conducted a vehicle check at Anjugam Nagan near Saravanampatti and identified the bike. The trio was taken into police custody.\"The woman was alone in her residence during the day. The trio had been monitoring the victim's house for a week. They had previously attempted to commit robbery but were not successful. They are first-time offenders,\" said S Elango, inspector (crime), Saravanampatti police station.Police said Ajay was employed in a hotel at Athipalayam Pirivu. Elango and Ranganathan were unemployed. Police registered a case against the trio under section 393 (attempt to commit robbery) and 398 (attempt to commit robbery when armed with deadly weapon) of IPC. The trio has been lodged in Coimbatore central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16597492", "title": "'Promote public interest through judgments'", "text": "KOCHI: Judgments of the high court should promote public interest and the court should consider the impact of judgments on public interest even while considering private litigations, said outgoing Justice C N Ramachandran Nair on Friday.Speaking at the full court reference held in his honour, Justice Ramachandran Nair said, \"I believe that even in inter-party matters, the high court should keep in mind impact of judgments on public interest and as far as possible, judgments rendered should help to promote public interest.\"Quite often referred by the media and lawyers as 'CNR', Justice Nair became notable through his judgments that proposed unique solutions to legal tangles as well as novel ideas to solve the endless worries of the public voiced through public interest litigations and writ petitions.Addressing the function held at the chief justice's court to mark the end of his 11-year-long judicial career, CNR shed some light on the social concepts that made him 'tick'. \"When law and justice could not go together, I stood with the latter, because I believe that law is a tool to render justice and not to justify and perpetuate injustice,\" he said.Deviation from the general practice of courts to settle disputes was for promoting public interest, the judge who recently asked the government to consider banning liquor sale and consumption before 5pm said.\"I should confess that such excesses were made not without knowing the limitations of the court but with the bona fide wish that the government and public authorities will take it in the right spirit and do their part to improve society,\" the judge who decided on more than 46,000 cases in his career stated.Along with judges of the high court and lawyers, the full court reference was attended by chief justice Manjula Chellur, advocate general K P Dandapani, additional AGs P C Iype and K A Jaleel, director general of prosecution T Asaf Ali, additional DGPs K I Abdul Rasheed and Tom Jose Padinjarekkara. State attorney P Vijayaraghavan, and Kerala High Court Advocates' Association president Gopakumaran Nair were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596710", "title": "CRPF man ends life on Raj Bhavan campus", "text": "CHENNAI: A 43-year-old Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel committed suicide by hanging from a tree branch on the Raj Bhavan campus in Guindy on Friday.Police identified him as Sangapur, a native of Bagalkot district in Karanataka. He was suffering from kidney problems for the past couple of months, police said. His wife and he had visited a private hospital in Mylapore for his treatment on Thursday.CRPF personnel, who were on guard duty, noticed him hanging from a babool tree outside the barracks near the south gate of the campus at 5.30am.Police went to the spot and recovered the body which was later sent to the Government Royapettah Hospital for autopsy. During questioning, his roommates told the investigation officers that Sangapur was deepened because of his health problems. He was earlier posted in Noida. A case has been registered and further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16596510", "title": "Fever deaths continue, but numbers abating", "text": "KANPUR: Four more children died of mystery fever at Lala Lajpat Rai hospital here on Friday. Meanwhile, four more cases of dengue have been reported from GSVM Medical College during the past two days, taking the total number of dengue cases in the past three weeks to 21.Vashok, Sania, Kashish, and Abhishek, all infants below the age of three years died at the paediatric ward of LLR on Friday.Children form the majority of deaths reported due to mystery fever at the hospital. According to hospital sources, at least 200 patients are admitted in the medical ward and there is a daily deluge of patients in at the pediatric ward as well.Dr UC Sinha, chief medical superintendent at Ursala Horseman hospital informed that since Monday, 5000 patients have been visiting the OPD daily, among which only 100 or so are complaining of fever.He said this number was around 300 to 500 in the second and third week of September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16594828", "title": "FEMA violation: Suspended IAS official files reply to enforcement directorate", "text": "INDORE: The advocate of the suspended IAS official, Arvind Joshi, appeared before the enforcement directorate (ED) here on Friday and submitted reply on his behalf. The ED is investigating into the alleged violation of Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) by the Bhopal-based IAS official.In his reply, Joshi has claimed that the foreign exchange amount in question actually belongs to his NRI sister who is an anthropologist and keeps visiting India and other parts of Asia along with her NRI anthropologist husband frequently. In fact, the foreign currency was found in a bag at Joshi's house during the I-T search, which carries other documents too so as to prove that it belonged to his sister. Accordingly, his sister has already filed an affidavit before the I-T department.During the search operation, which was conducted by the investigation wing of the income tax (I-T) department on February, 4, 2010 at the residence and other premises of the bureaucrat, the department had recovered foreign currencies, valuing Rs 7.5 lakh in Indian currency and the ED is currently probing this recovery in the light of FEMA Act.As per the Act, a person can't carry foreign currency beyond $2000 at a time. And any foreign exchange amount more than that must be returned to the Reserve Bank of India through an authorised foreign exchange dealer in the country, once the job was over. The penalty can go upto three times of the value of the foreign exchange which was recovered from Joshi's premises.Talking to TOI after submitting the reply before the ED, Arvind Joshi's advocate Deepesh Joshi said, \"A reply on the issue had already been submitted before the deputy director of ED, Ahmedabad in the year 2010 itself, which was later transferred to the ED's Indore office. The reply was not filed at Indore since the office was not competent to hear cases under FEMA Act. However, now that my client has been asked to do so we filed the reply here.The ED has already attached immovable properties, worth Rs 6 crore, recovered by it during a search carried out at the premises of Arvind Joshi and his IAS wife, Tinu Joshi under Prevention of Money Laundering act (PMLA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16597695", "title": "Hirekerur bandh a success", "text": "HUBLI: The bandh call given by Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha and Hasiru Sena demanding regular power supply, in Hirekerur town of Haveri district on Friday evoked good response.All schools, colleges, government offices, shops and theatres remained closed, and bus transportation was totally stopped.Members of both the organizations took a rally from Sarvagna Circle and went through main streets of town. They burnt the effigy of energy minister Shobha Karandlaje and shouted slogans against the state government.Speaking on the occasion, district president of Raitha Sangha Ramanna Kenchaller said: \"We are getting only one hour three-phase electricity in a day and it is not enough for lifting drinking water from borewell. Also our crops are withering without water.\" He demanded the government to provide minimum six hours of three-phase power supply in villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "16597724", "title": "Censorship is always a problem for filmmakers: Bhatt", "text": "MANIPAL: \"Corruption in India is a complex problem, but supporting Anna Hazare movement against corruption has become a fashion statement for many people,\" said Mahesh Bhatt, renowned Bollywood filmmaker here on Friday, while interacting with students of Manipal Institute of Communications at an event organized by them.When one of the students asked him why he is not supporting Anna Hazare's movement, he said, \"In a democratic country, every person has the right to express his views. When I opposed Anna's movement, they (team Anna) sent people along with mediapersons to agitate in front of my house to terrorize me.\"Stating that fighting against corruption on Twitter is disagreeable, Bhatt said that he accepts social activist Aruna Roy's concept of fighting against corruption.While speaking about cinemas, he said, that filmmakers are not social reformers but are businessmen.\"We are here to make money. I will not come back as a director in future. But I will express my ideas on various issues through my columns and books. I will continue producing movies and hunting for new talent,\" Bhatt added.On censorship he said, \"Today in this digital age, media contents are accessible to all. Though censoring has been changing, it is always a problem for filmmakers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16596780", "title": "Will return money to mandals, says mayor", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation's best mandal competition has run into controversy with allegations that some jury members had taken money from mandals for purposes such as daily allowance and contribution to mayor's fund.Mayor Vaishali Bankar on Friday said the PMC will return the money to the mandals.Every year, the PMC holds a competition where it judges the best mandals based on social work they carry out, their discipline and decorations. The mandals are given prizes.The jury members include political workers and socially acclaimed people. This year, 19 people were selected as part of the jury. Corporators had given names of 13 people, while six had come on their own to participate in the process after PMC's appeal to people.On Thursday, two members resigned from the panel alleging some members illegally took donations from the mandals.\"We have received the letter of resignation. We have decided to give the money back to the mandals,\" Bankar told reporters.Bankar said it has been an usual practice to take money from the mandals. \"The civic administration does not give any allowance to the jury. These people work as volunteers. So they take money from the mandals as \"dearness allowance'' for meeting their day-to-day expenses,\" she said. PMC officials said the jury members collected around Rs 10,000 from the mandals and the money will be deposited in mayor's funds. Nearly 30 mandals have paid the money.There are around 4,000 mandals in the city. The PMC spends around Rs 5 lakh on various competitions held for Ganesh mandals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16595701", "title": "Naxals open fire at police near Darrekasa", "text": "GONDIA: A few Naxalites may have been reportedly injured and huge quantity of explosives seized after firing between police and the Naxals near Darrekasa in Salekasa tehsil on Thursday. A joint team of Gondia district police commando squad and Chhattisgarh police was on the lookout for the Naxals at Maharashtra-Chhattisgarh border when the Naxalites opened fire at them between Darrekasa and Bor lake. Police retaliated in self defence. The firing went on for over 45 minutes. No police casualty was reported.However, the Naxalites managed to flee inside the Chhattisgarh forest. During search operation, police found huge quantity of explosives in a buried plastic drum. It contained two steel boxes in which explosive rods were hidden along with polythene sheets.It may be recalled that Gondia police had arrested two hard-core Naxalites Badaru Rajwanshi Sirsam and Santaram Mahaaru Madawi on Sunday. During interrogation, Badaru had confessed of planning a big attack in the area. Superintendent of police, Gondia, Dilip Zalke, on Monday had indicated that the Naxals could be in possession of huge quantity of explosives.Since the Bor lake falls under Rajnandgaon district of Chhattisgarh, offence has been registered there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16596362", "title": "Two main accused directly involved in Reebok fraud", "text": "GURGAON: The special investigation team (SIT) in the Rs 870 crore Reebok India scam said that its probe so far clearly shows that there was falsification of records and that the two main accused, former Reebok India MD Subhinder Singh Prem and ex-COO Vishnu Bhagat, were directly involved in the fraud.The two had made fake invoices of the company and also misused the cheques, police said.Meanwhile, on Thursday a city court extended the police remand of all the five accused in the scam.Around four months after the FIR was registered on May 22, former Reebok India MD Subhinder Singh Prem and ex-COO Vishnu Bhagat were among five arrested on September 20. On Thursday, when their seven-day remand came to an end, a city court extended their remand by five days. Police said in court that they needed the time to collect some important evidence from Hyderabad, Goa and other places.A senior police officer of SIT told TOI that police already had some important documentary evidence during the investigation before the arrest of the accused. During the questioning the falsification of records came to light.\"During the investigation we found falsification of the company's invoices and cheques. The main accused had done the misappropriation in invoices. They were also sending the cheques to companies other than who they were meant for. We have found documentary evidence showing the officials were guilty. We have found transaction records of the last three years, cyber forensics of their laptops, and various bank account statements among other evidence,\" said an ACP-rank officer of the SIT.Prem and Bhagat have been booked for fraud, criminal conspiracy and other charges under the Indian Penal Code for allegedly siphoning off the sportswear maker company's money by creating ghost distributors across the country and generating forged bills over the last five years.The SIT said that it has found four illegal warehouses which were managed by Prem, Bhagat and Prashant Bhatnagar in the name of Sanjiv Mishra who is a service provider and owner of Shivam Enterprises, Oriya Sales and Om Trading.The exisitence of these warehouses was not disclosed to auditors, tax authorities and the Adidas management in Germany. SIT sources said Prem had a minimum of nine bank accounts, and Bhagat had eight - each in his own name and family members' names. Prem holds 20 residential and commercial properties in Gurgaon and other parts of India while Bhagat owns 12 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16597361", "title": "'CSIR striving for global leadership'", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The National Metallurgical Laboratory (NML-Jamshedpur) celebrated the 70th Foundation Day of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) here on Friday. The main event was held in its auditorium, which was attended by prominent experts from the field of metallurgy.Delivering the key note address, former director, IICT Hyderabad and chairman of the recruitment and assessment centre of DRDO, ministry of defense, V Raghavan, said CSIR is striving for global leadership in niche areas of science and technology.He said since its inception , the CSIR has accomplished mega projects of strategic importance. \"It has taken the initiative to network and connect with its laboratories. The people and nation-centric thrust on science and technology remains the cornerstone of CSIR's mission,\" said Raghavan.He also said CSIR aims at adopting the mantra of participatory science and participative technology for effective development of the countsry.\"During the 11th Five Year Plan, the CSIR re-committed itself to optimally utilize its scientific prowess for the socio-economic development of millions of Indians,\" said Raghavan.He said the CSIR-800 programme aims at developing and providing innovative research and development-based products and processes which would be affordable by the masses.Earlier in the day, NML-Jamshedpur director, S Srikanth, in his introductory speech said CSIR is one of the largest and most diverse R&D; organizations in the world which strives for global impact and technology.\"With over 4,500 scientists working across 37 constituent institutes supported by over 8,000 scientific and technical support personnel, over 4,000 administrative staff and world class facilities, the CSIR has made significant contribution to the country's economic growth through its cutting-edge knowledge base,\" said Srikanth.At the end of the programme awards were given to NML staff for excellence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "16597550", "title": "No clue on kidnapped girl, total bandh in Faridkot", "text": "FARIDKOT: Angry over the police inaction in tracing the 15-year-old girl who was abducted by a seven-member gang from her house on September 24, traders in the city on Friday observed a bandh and staged demonstrations, demanding immediate action in the case.All the shops, markets, banks, private schools and colleges remained closed. Protesters organized a march and blocked the road near the bus stand for one hour and gheraoed the police station for three hours.Various social organizations, NGOs, employees associations, market welfare associations, traders' associations and resident welfare associations joined the protest. Thousands of people reached the Hukkiwala Chowk and sat on a dharna in front of the bus stand.SSP Gurinder Singh Dhillon said a policeman, Prem Kumar, has been suspended as some officials alleged that he had leaked information about the police operations to certain people.The girl, a class X student of a convent school in Faridkot, was abducted from Dogar Basti area. According to the police, Nishan Singh, 20, a resident of Harendra Nagar, and his friends, armed with guns and iron rods, had barged into the girl's house on Monday afternoon and assaulted her parents before fleeing with her. Her father, a business man, and mother, an LIC employee, are in hospital still.Nishan had kidnapped the girl from her home in March also. Police had registered a case and the victim was traced from a house in Kharar in Mohali on August 10. After medical examination police had slapped rape charges on Nishan but he has been absconding since then.\"We have definite clues in the case and we will arrest the accused soon. Our teams are working continuously,\" said Gurinder Singh Dhillon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16595166", "title": "Opposition slams govt on rhino killings", "text": "GUWAHATI: The devastation caused by the second wave of floods in Kaziranga national park and back-to-back poaching of rhinos have literally triggered a political storm in the state. Opposition parties ganging up in their attacks on the ruling Congress government, alleging failure to protect the world heritage site and the state animal. The floods have left park animals vulnerable to poaching as they are straying out of Kaziranga in order to escape the floodwaters.Non-political organisations are also up in their arms criticizing the government for not being able to prevent the rhino killings. Six Kaziranga rhinos have been killed within the past week and their horns chopped off. Although forest minister Rockybul Hussain maintained that 11 rhinos have been killed this year so far, sources said the actual number of rhino poachings is 16.MP and former BJP state president Rajen Gohain on Friday slammed the Congress government alleging it has neglected Kaziranga and has been failed to protect the park not only from poachers but also from encroachment of park land by suspected infiltrators. \"Kaziranga is Assam's pride and its safety and protection should be one of the top priorities of the government. But the recent incidents of poaching and systematic encroachment by suspected illegal immigrants has exposed the Congress government's lack of seriousness in saving Kaziranga,\" Gohain alleged.The first opposition party to raise this issue was the AGP with president and former chief minister Prafulla Kumar Mahanta on Monday slamming the state government for failing to stop rampant poaching of rhinos and other wildlife after the animals strayed outside protected areas, including Kaziranga, to escape the floodwaters. Mahanta had lambasted the chief minister for his recent visit to Japan at a time when human lives and wildlife in Kaziranga were in danger due to the severe spate of floods.After Mahanta, Guwahati MP and BJP national vice president Bijoya Chakraborty on Wednesday joined the attack bandwagon, demanding the forest minister's resignation for his failure to stop rhino killings. Chakraborty also demanded Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's intervention in protecting the rhinos.The Badruddin Ajmal-led All India United Democratic Front has also come out in protest against the plight of the park animals due to the recent deluge and asked the Centre to declare Assam floods and erosion as a national problem.Defending the government, the forest minister on Thursday took on the opposition parties saying that number of poachings has decreased as compared to the 1990s while rhino population has increased. Hussain also went to the extent of blaming AGP's rule for the rise in rhino poaching during the 90s.\"It was in AGP's time that poaching was high in Kaziranga. After I became forest minister, the rhino population increased to 2,290 at present from 1,069 in 1991. Earlier one-horned rhinos fell in the endangered species category. During my time, rhinos were put in the 'vulnerable' category instead, because of rise in their population,\" Hussain argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16597790", "title": "Centre ready to look into N-plant safety: Jayanthi Natarajan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union environment ministry was ready to relook into \"safety\" aspects of Kudankulam nuclear plant in Tamil Nadu if such a need arises, Union environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan said on Friday.The minister's statement came a day after the Supreme Court made it clear that it can stop commissioning of the controversial Kudankulam nuclear power plant if it finds that the mandatory safety requirements for it have not been put in place.\"I am willing to consider (relook) in terms of safety. Right now, all the conditions we imposed are strictlycomplied,\" she told reporters here while replying to queries on the plant in Tamil Nadu that is being opposed by locals and NGOs.Natarajan said the conditional green clearance for Kudankulam plant was given in 2008 and she was \"very confident that those are being followed.\" Environment ministry's stipulated guidance manual for nuclear plants is 7 degrees rise in temperature of cooling water when clearance for Kudankulam plant was given.Later, when clearance for Jaitapur plant was given, the ministry restricted the temperature rise to 5 degrees.\"For Jaitapur it was made 5 degrees (rise in temperature of cooling water). It is seven degree (in Kudankulam). I don't see any lack of compliance (in Kudankulam). But if we are impleded, if a need arises.... will consider making it from seven (to five) in accordance with Jaitapur,\" she said.A bench of justices K S Radhakrishanan and Deepak Misra on Thursday said the safety of plant and the people living in its vicinity is its prime concern and issued notices to the Centre and Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board on a plea challenging the environmental clearance given to the project.The court earlier had refused to stay loading of the fuel in the plant but had agreed to examine the risk associated with the project.The government had told the apex court that the nuclear power plant is completely safe and designed to withstand all kinds of natural disaster and terrorist attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "16595416", "title": "Rs 4L jewellery cleaned out from bank locker", "text": "KALYAN: Ramangar police in Dombivali arrested a 50-year-old woman who allegedly stole ornaments worth Rs 3.74 lakh from a customer's bank locker last Tuesday.The complainant, Rajashree Tambe,30, said she found the ornaments missing from her locker in the Arihant cooperative bank. Police checked CCTV footage and diary maintained by the bank staff for clues.The footage showed the woman, Shobhadevi Sherkhane, 50, entering the locker room after Tambe's exist.\"Sherkhane took more time to come out of the bank which raised our suspicion. We questioned her and she confessed the crime,\" said Vilas Jadhav, senior police inspector of Ramnagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16596513", "title": "9-yr-old found injured, unconscious", "text": "KANPUR: A class IV student of Arjun Das Adarsh Inter College in Mureedpur village under Akbarpur Kotwali police station was reportedly found injured and unconscious under highly mysterious circumstances inside the school's hostel on Friday.Nine-year-old Arpit, a native of Prempur village in Kanpur Dehat's Bhognipur Kotwali area, was discovered in a pool of blood by a fellow student who subsequently informed the management. Arpit had critical wounds on his head and a deep cut on his neck, and was taken to the district hospital from where he was later referred to a private hospital in the city. His condition is stated to be stable. Doctors at the hospital said a CT Scan would be conducted on the boy to check if he has sustained internal injury.Sources said the boy seemed to have been attacked with some sharp edged weapon. He is still unconscious and not in a position to give his statement to the police.Additional superintendent of police, Kanpur Dehat, Ram Kishun, said he has instructed Akbarpur Kotwali police station to conduct a thorough investigation in this matter.\"Once the boy regains consciousness, we would try to record his statement which will decide future course of action. So far, no one has come forward to say anything about the incident. There are strong possibilities that he may have entered into a scuffle with some hostel inmate, employee or intruder, who later attacked him with a sharp edged weapon\", he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595568", "title": "Anti-Corruption Bureau starts probe into Mahagenco's coal import", "text": "NAGPUR: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) has started enquiry into Mahagenco's decision to import coal from other countries for its various power projects in Vidarbha, despite it being cheaply available in Nagpur. Shrirang Bhandarkar, appearing for Anil Wadpalliwar who had filed a petition in the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court in this regard, on Friday informed the court about a letter from local ACB sleuths asking him to record statement into allegations made by former MLA Kishor Samrite.According to the petitioner, power plants in Vidarbha produce over 50 per cent of total electricity requirement of Maharashtra. These plants collectively use 19 tonnes of coal every month.WCL generally fulfils their requirements by directly supplies five lakh tonne to the power plants at Bhusawal, Khaperkheda, Chandrapur and Parli, while six lakh tonnes coal is supplied through railways and eight lakh tonnes through washeries. However, a couple of months ago, Mahagenco suddenly decided to import coal from Indonesia and Australia at much higher rates than that of WCL citing poor quality. It also cancelled its contract with WCL in June regarding supply of coal from washeries.Wadpalliwar prayed for stopping Mahagenco from importing coal and regulating the supply from WCL.The petitioner claimed that due to poor quality of coal, these units collectively suffered a loss of Rs 5,5515.85 crores. Citing CAG report, he stated that it passed strictures on Mahagenco for its failure to take any action against washeries for supplying poor quality coal.He further warned that Mahegenco decision to import coal would lead to burden of Rs 10,000 crore on the consumers and lead to hefty hike in electricity charges which ultimately affect the common man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16597715", "title": "Dharmasthala to host Kannada meet", "text": "MANGALORE: The 96th annual session of Kannada Sahitya Parishat (KSP) will be held at Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala near here on Sunday. Pundalika Halambi, president of the parishat will chair the session in which all office-bearers of the parishat from across Karnataka as well as presidents of taluk units of the parishat from the respective districts will participate in the proceedings that will be held at the Amruthavarshi hall of the Sri Kshetra.D Veerendra Heggade, dharmadhikari, Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala will inaugurate the annual session. Mohan Alva, chairman, Alva's Education Foundation, Harikrishna Punaroor, former president of the parishat will be the guests. Annual report and statement of accounts of the parishat will be presented before the members at the meet. A meeting of district office bearers and presidents of taluk units of the parishat will be held later in the afternoon.The parishat will hold a special felicitation programme for Veerendra Heggade and his wife Hemavathi V Heggade on the occasion. The organizers expect more than 1,000 delegates from within the state as well as from Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu to take part in the one-day event.The session is expected to deliberate and even possibly adopt resolutions aimed at bringing about far reaching changes in the manner in which the sahitya parishat, the apex body on issues pertaining to land, language and cultural issues, progresses . Elections to the post of president of taluk units as against the system of their nomination by the district presidents, limiting the terms for presidents of state, and district units are the major issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16597792", "title": "MLA protests irregularities in drugs purchase", "text": "MADURAI: Communist Party of India (Marxist) MLA R Annadurai staged a hunger strike and an indefinite fast demanding an inquiry into alleged irregularities in drug procurement in the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) in Madurai on Friday.Annadurai alleged that there were large-scale irregularities in procurement of medicines in the hospital and sought action against health officials involved. Meanwhile, a team of health officials from Chennai visited Madurai to probe into the allegations. However, GRH dean, N Mohan has denied the allegations and said that a transparent method was followed while purchasing drugs.Annadurai alleged that the medicines were procured by the hospital authorities at an exorbitant price, which was much higher than the market price. \"For instance, a drug priced at Rs 210 was purchased for Rs 670 and another priced at Rs 320 was purchased for a whopping Rs 1,800,\" Annadurai charged. He also listed out the market price of a few other medicines and the higher price allegedly paid by the hospital authorities. Annadurai charged that the hospital authorities, in collusion with some contractors were paying higher price. \"An open tender method should be adopted for purchase of medicines,\" he demanded.Annadurai had sent petitions to health minister, V S Vijay and senior health officials in Chennai regarding the irregularities, based on which a team was sent to conduct the probe. As soon as he commenced his protest along with fellow party men, revenue officials rushed to the spot and held talks with him. They pacified him to withdraw the protest suggesting him to meet the official team and air his complaints. Subsequently, Annadurai met the team and withdrew the protest.Annadurai also threatened that he would stage an indefinite hunger strike if his demands were not met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16597964", "title": "Suchitra Sen in hospital with fracture", "text": "KOLKATA: Legendary actor Su chitra Sen underwent a wrist surgery on Thursday at a central Kolkata nursing home after she fell at home and injured herself. The actor has been kept under observation at the critical care unit.\"She fractured her wrist bone. Two pins were inserted to set it right. She is doing fine and should be fit to return home in a couple of days. We have kept her under observation as a pre cautionary measure,\" said P Tandon, CEO of Belle Vue nursing home. Daughter Moon Moon Sen was at her bedside throughout the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16596155", "title": "Bad days for Bardez: A fortnight of CRIME", "text": "MAPUSA: Bardez residents are on the edge after spate of robberies and other crime during the past 15 days. Three murders and at least three robbery cases has been reported in the taluka in the past few days. While residents live in fear of ruthless robbers, the situation has also given law enforcers a rude jolt.Police too have gone on the defensive, arguing that the crime rate is lower this year as compared to 2011.In one of the biggest robberies in the taluka, Ratnakar Raikar, a goldsmith, was stabbed to death and gold ornaments weighing 3kg, worth 90 lakh were stolen from his shop in Mapusa. Police have released a sketch of one of the suspects involved, and are groping in the dark to crack the case. Even as the incident shocked the city, thieves targeted Mapusa again on Tuesday, decamping with booty worth 34.5 lakh on 25th September. The flats were in front of the police station.\"The robbery had taken place in front of police station,\" said Govekar, a victim of the robbery. \"Now, we fear that they may kill us, like they killed Raikar.\"Vijay Singh , SP of North Goa, said that \"Apart from the two theft cases in Mapusa, the crime rate is pretty low as compared to last year.\"Police are yet to reach the accused, or recover the stolen items, from the cases. Some robberies occurred amid intensified patrolling by the police because of Ganesh celebrations and Raikar's murder case.\"We have 11-day Ganesh celebrations, but fearing robberies this year, I am forced to be at home,\" said Pradip Shetgaonkar from Parra, whose family celebrates Ganesh at their ancestral home in Morjim. On the September 24, a 35- year-old woman, Rita Almeida, was found dead at her residence. Surprisingly, senior police officials, after inspecting the incident site, failed to identify that the victim was killed with a bullet shot, and instead believed that the victim died of an asthma attack.Later, after neighbours raised suspicions, Anjuna police arrested one Ubaldo Fernandes for allegedly shooting Almeida. \"She was shot from close range. We are trying to identify the gun and bullet type,\" said Mapusa DySP Serafin Dias.Police are advising residents to remain vigilant following the spate of crimes.\"We have advised people not to keep their valuables in the house when leaving for celebrations, or at least inform the police, so we can keep a check,\" SP Singh said. \"However, scant regard is given to our advice.\"The string of crimes has put law enforcers in a sport, notwithstanding their deterrent actions against anti-social elements. Police have rounded up many migrants, and have also stepped up patrolling and checks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16596785", "title": "150 colleges to delink from Mumbai varsity", "text": "AHMEDABAD: State education department has issued notice to 150-odd colleges in Gujarat to end their affiliation with Mumbai-based Shreemati Nathibai Damodar Thackersey (SNDT) Women's University.The colleges have been directed to apply for affiliation to Gujarat universities which are nearest to them. The state education department has also written to all the universities in Gujarat to give affiliation to these colleges on a priority basis so that the students studying there do not suffer.The state education department notification follows a recent court order directing all Gujarat-based colleges affiliated with SNDT University to seek affiliation with local universities here. The order came after a college approached the Gujarat high court saying that it was not being given No Objection Certificate (NOC) by the state to facilitate affiliation with SNDT varsity.The court said that SNDT University was in Maharashtra and there was no need for the colleges of Gujarat to be affiliated with it. These colleges should ideally be affiliated with local universities. There are 100 BEd colleges and and 50-odd colleges running courses like business administration, bachelor in commerce in the state that were affiliated to SNDT University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16599775", "title": "Hair stylist Coleen Khan lists hair faux pas", "text": "Learning to care for your hair comes with its ups and downs. But hey, sometimes the best way to learn is to make mistakes, right? Don't fret!It's never too late to get yourself back on the right track. Coleen Khan points faux paus that you may be committing...Too many styling products harm the hairTrimming hair often doesn't make it grow. Hair grows about \u00bd inch every month on its own. Regular trimming definitely makes it look more healthy.Some people leave conditioner in the hair thinking it'll control the frizz - It should be rinsed out completely before stepping out of water.Going short as you grow older , isn't necessarily true: Sometime longer &amp; softer can be managed &amp; looks better as well.It's a common notion that if you pluck out one grey hair , two grow in place of that: This is not trueHair coloring Once you start coloring, people say you start getting more grey hair. There will be more grey's anyway once you come after 6 months of hair colur for re-touching, as with you your hair is also ageing, so the growth will be more.Men &amp; women have different anti-dandruff shampoos depending on men &amp; women need - so should be treated differently. Don't be stuck with the same shampoo.Read more Personal Health, Diet &amp; Fitness stories on www.healthmeup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16587330", "title": "'Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal' title misleading: Paresh Rawal", "text": "Actor Paresh Rawal says that the title of his upcoming film \" Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal\" is misleading because the film is not a sequel of 2006 movie \" Malamaal Weekly\".\"The title is giving this distinct feeling that it is a sequel of 'Malamaal Weekly' , which it is not. Somehow I feel that it is misleading. Why did they have to keep the word Malamaal? They should have kept 'Kamaal Dhamaal' or 'Kamaal Dhamaal Kamaal' ,\" Paresh said.\"Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal\" and Paresh's production debut \"Oh My God\" are releasing today.The 62-year-old said he wanted to avoid the clash at the box office and had also asked the producers of \"Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal\" to shift the dates but it did not work out.\"I had personally asked the producers of 'Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal' to shift their date of release. I asked them twice and but they would not budge. So I did not pursue the matter any further. Priyadarshan (director) had no issues with the date change, he is not the producer, but the man who has put in the money had to understand,\" Paresh told .Besides Paresh, \"Oh My God\" has been jointly produced by Akshay Kumar and Ashvini Yardi's home production Grazing Goat Pictures.The film is based on Umesh Shukla's Gujarati play 'Kanji Viruddh Kanji', who has directed the film as well.\"Akshay had heard about it and he came and saw the play and it was then that we decided to make it. We thought what better subject than this to be our first production. Akshay is is a producer and besides he is a very nice guy to be with,\" Paresh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16595365", "title": "Solar power to aid state crime busters", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Acute power deficiency in rural police stations is delaying the implementation of much-vaunted cyber link project -- Crime Criminal Tracking Network and Systems (CCTNS) -- in the state, prompting the government to opt for solar power backup.During a review meeting on CCTNS in Bhubaneswar recently, the government identified 125 police stations in different districts to develop solar power systems in the first phase. The Centre-sponsored CCTNS will link all police stations in the country with a cyber network. State Crime Records Bureau (SCRB) is the implementing authority of the project in Odisha.\"We are facing trouble in erratic power zones, mostly in rural pockets. We will make provision of solar power backup system in 125 police stations under the police modernization scheme,\" director SCRB-cum-nodal officer of CCTNS M Akhaya told TOI.Launched in 2008, the CCTNS project was scheduled to be completed by 2011. CCTNS aims at creating a national database of crime and criminals through their biometric profiles to enable easy sharing of information across police stations at the state level as well as national level. Prisons, courts and immigration wings were also supposed to be linked under CCTNS, sources said.While the government recently decided to implement the CCTNS project in 58 police stations in pilot locations like Bhubaneswar, Cuttack and adjoining areas of the twin cities, capacity building infrastructure has so far been set up at 45 police stations, sources said.\"Training programme on basic IT course of 22,201 police personnel out of the present total strength of 26,552 has been conducted. A service level agreement has been made with BSNL for network connectivity,\" Akhaya said.\"Training of the remaining cops would be conducted soon at the designated training camps. All police stations would be computerized under the scheme,\" the IPS officer added. Police, however, could not say how many police stations have so far been computerized. Data digitization of historical records would be made at each police station under the supervision of concerned in-charge officers.Under CCTNS, each police station will be provided with a digitized finger print reader to collect biometric database of all criminals. The databank could be used by various law enforcement agencies across the country. Currently, finger prints are collected manually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16596283", "title": "Ex-corporator's police custody extended", "text": "PUNE: A local magisterial court on Friday extended the police custody remand of former Congress corporator Sanjay Nande till October 5 in connection with the death of 11 people in the building collapse at Taljai Pathar on September 24. Eleven others were injured in the collapse.Senior inspector Kamlakar Takawale, in charge of the Sahakarnagar police, produced Nande before judicial magistrate first class K P Jain-Desarda to seek extension of his policecustody for 10 days.Assistant public prosecutor Supriya More-Desai submitted before the court that investigations have revealed that Nande had expedited the construction work in the name of absconding suspect Lahuji alias Dhirendra Bapu Sawant. More-Desai said the police are examining Nande's bank transactions as it suspects that he had made cheque payments to the building contractor.She submitted that Nande's custodial interrogation was necessary for tracing Sawant and for seizing building plans and other documents because he was not cooperating with the police. tnnShe said interrogation of the labourers working at the construction site has revealed that Nande was placing orders for purchasing building materials. Nande was paying salary of Rs 7,000 to Sawant for working at the construction site.She contended that Sawant was possessing land of 450 sq ft at Taljai Pathar, but Nande had encroached on 1300 sq ft for constructing the building. Nande had accepted deposit of Rs 10,000 from one of the labourers for renting premises in the building for Rs 3,500 per month.The labourers during questioning have told police that they had informed Nande that the building had allegedly developed cracks, but he did not pay any attention, she added.Opposing the prosecution's plea, Nande's lawyer Bipin Patole said his client was not the owner of the building and had no roles in the building collapse. Patole argued that the PMC had not issued notice to Nande and prayed to take him into magisterial custody as the police had completed the investigations.The case against Nande and Lahuji alias Dhirendra Bapu Sawant, who is absconding after the incident, was filed under sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 337 and 338 (causing hurt and endangering the lives of others) of the Indian Penal Code and section 52 (penalty for unauthorized development) of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act.The PMC on September 24 had registered a complaint against Nande and Sawant as they partly owned the land at Saiduttanagar Colony where the building had come up.The three-storey building was among 2,300 illegal properties identified by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to which notices had been issued. In the case of this building, a notice was issued to Nande and Sawant on September 1.According to the PMC, the action against illegal buildings had slowed down as their staff and the police are presently busy with the Ganesh festival. The developers were hurriedly trying to complete the construction of the building during this period which resulted in the collapse, PMC officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16597246", "title": "Rights body to probe prisoner's death", "text": "GARHWA: Blaming the jail superintendent and jailer of Garhwa sub-jail for the death of prisoner Afzal Ansari , the human rights organization, Peoples' Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL), has decided to file a case against them in the high court.PUCL state committee member Suresh Manas said the organization would conduct an enquiry into the death of Ansari for which a five-member team has been formed.Ansari (35), a prisoner of Garhwa sub-jail and a resident of Arsalli village in Bhawnathpur police station area of the district died in Garhwa sub-jail due to the alleged negligence of jail authorities.He had already informed the jail administration about his ailment. But the jail administration did not pay any heed. \"The life of Ansari could have been saved had the jail administration made proper arrangement of his treatment\", Manas said.Meanwhile, Manas has accused the jail administration of violating human rights for the many years now. He said that two persons had died in police custody during last two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16597145", "title": "SBI staff body meet tomorrow", "text": "RANCHI: The triennial general council meeting of the State Bank of India Staff Association (SBISA) will be organized here on Sunday to discuss the problem faced by employees in the wake of the Centre's decision to outsource various banking services and promote private banks. The meeting will be inaugurated by Jharkhand assembly speaker C P Singh.General secretary SBISA Umesh Prasad Singh said over 2,000 employees of the SBI from Jharkhand and Bihar will participate in the conference and discuss the problems faced by them.\"We were recently forced to go on a two-day strike as the Centre and our bank management was not ready to listen to our genuine problems. If the management fails to listen to our problems, we will be forced to once again go on strike,\" Singh said here on Friday.He also alleged that the government was promoting private banks at the cost of public sector banks and benefit of customers. \"A private sector bank opens an account of an individual for a minimum balance of Rs 10,000 but we do it for zero balance. The government instead of protecting the public sector banks is allowing more private players,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595316", "title": "FDI in retail: BJP holds traders\u2019 meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a rather bold announcement against the Union government's decision backing FDI in retail, the BJP-led East corporation said it will not issue licences to the international brands entering the market.With an eye on the elections next year, BJP held a public hearing on Friday with over 250 traders and hawkers in attendance. It promised the traders to ease the procedure for obtaining licences. The traders presented their views before a panel comprising the east Delhi mayor, standing committee chairman and Praveen Khandelwal of Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT).But the decision to hold a public hearing, mainly to criticize the government's move, didn't go down well with the opposition benches occupied by Congress. The leader of opposition and a Congress councillor barged into the meeting shouting anti-BJP slogans, and asked the hawkers and traders to go away.\"BJP has an axe to grind and is simply using traders and hawkers to gain more votes in next year's elections. If it is so concerned, why has the corporation failed to issue licences to them, leaving them vulnerable to exploitation by corporation officials and cops,\" said Varyam Kaur, leader of the opposition. The traders and hawkers, however, gheraoed Congress leaders and asked them to shell out money to make good their losses. The corporation staff at the gates managed to shield the councillors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16596512", "title": "Balkhadiya\u2019s wife surrenders", "text": "KANPUR: The wife of infamous dacoit Sudesh Patel alias 'Balkhadiya,' who carries a reward of Rs 2.5 Lakh on his head, surrendered before the Dacoity Court in Chitrakoot district on Thursday.The surrender by Balkhadiya's wife Lakshmaniya is being seen as a major respite for police force in the dacoit-infested areas of the district. On September 18, STF sleuths arrested slain brigand Ambika Patel alias Thokia's maternal uncle Shankar Singh Patel from Satpura Bhavan in Bhopal.Police said Patel carried a reward of Rs 5,000 on his head and was wanted in connection with the murder of seven persons, including six STF jawans and a police informer near Baghelan tri-section under Fatehganj police station in Chitrakoot district on July 22, 2007. The police had also established his links with dacoit Dadua.\"Lakshmaniya, a native of Barui was wanted in connection with several offences she committed in the region in the past. Police measures seem to have started instilling a sense of security among people, who are now coming forward and assisting the police by providing tip-offs on the movement and location of dacoits,\" informed deputy superintendent of police, Suresh Chandra Rawat. \"We are keeping a tab on the dacoits by sharing information with our counterparts in other bordering states,\" he added.The police, on September 8, arrested Balkhadiya's father-in-law Devsharan and brother-in-law Ram Chandra from Udki forest near Surajbali Ka Dera.Three members of Balkhadiya gang, Ram Milan, Natthu and Dadu Kole had earlier surrendered before the Court on August 29. \"Combing exercises in search of Balkhadiya are underway. After the Dodamafi incident in which five members of a family were gunned down by him and his aides, no fresh activity has been reported in the district,\" Rawat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16594831", "title": "Robbers seize cash van, drive away with Rs 5cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a daring strike on Friday afternoon, in a service lane right next to the BRT bottleneck at Defence Colony, robbers shot at the guard of a bank's cash van and drove away with Rs 5.25 crore. The gang - which had at least seven men - was lying in wait in a car, just after a petrol pump. There were four men in the car, armed with weapons, and probably more on the ground. About two hours later, the van was found abandoned at Hauz Rani in south Delhi. The guard, Munne Singh, 32, died late at night.In an unusual coincidence which the police are still examining, the driver of the van left the main road - where it narrows, forcing the traffic to slow down - and entered the service lane to drive right into the trap.The van, a Maruti Eeco, belongs to a private cash replenishment company, Premiere Shield. According to the police, the cash had been withdrawn from the Hauz Khas branch of ICICI Bank and was being taken to its Lajpat Nagar-I branch.Senior investigators claimed that the robbery, which took place around 1pm outside a leading food store located at D-12, Defence Colony - barely 200 metres away from the Lajpat Nagar Metro station - was carried out in less than five minutes and seemed to have been meticulously planned.Robbers waited for over one hourSources said the robbers were waiting in a white Hyundai Verna car with registration number HR-26 A Q 0051 outside the store. CCTV footage and eyewitnesses confirmed that the car was parked there for around an hour and forty minutes before the incident. It was later learnt that it had been stolen from Faridabad seven months ago.The van, a radio taxi (DL-1 RT 2088), was the unusual choice as a replacement for the company's armoured vehicle which was out of service. It had been hired from a Faridabad transporter one-and-a-half months ago. The cash had been collected from the Hauz Khas branch around 12.30pm. The van had two gunmen - Munne Singh, who was sitting in the front seat, and Ajab Singh, who was at the rear. It was being driven by Anil Kumar , while another company employee, Ashok Kumar Singh, was at the rear. Another employee, Raj Kumar, was a little ahead on a bike and later claimed that he didn't witness the incident. The cash was in a box at the rear.When the van was close to the petrol pump, the driver entered the service lane in order to avoid the jam. The moment he crossed the petrol pump, the Verna reversed and stopped in the middle of the service lane. Four men, according to eyewitnesses and others, stormed out of the vehicle waving arms and surrounded the van. One of them whipped out a pistol of 7.65 calibre and shot the gunman, Munne Singh, in the chest. An empty cartridge was recovered from the spot.Even as Munne Singh was pulled out, the man who had shot him took the steering. The other three occupants jumped down from the van in panic. The gang members snatched the rifles of the two guards and entered the van, which reversed to get to the main road and sped away. The Verna was left behind.\"I heard a shot as I was waiting for petrol. I saw many people running. Then I noticed that a bleeding guard was being forced out from a van,\" said Sushil Kumar, an eyewitness. \"One of the men - who had come out of the Verna - held the driver hostage at gunpoint even as the other men walked out. They all got into the other car which reversed and sped towards ITO.''The PCR was called at 1.13pm even as a passerby dialled 100 to complain about a 'firing incident' on BRT. The injured gunman, who was bleeding heavily, was rushed to AIIMS Trauma Centre where he underwent an operation and was admitted to the ICU. The bullet had hit him 3cm below the lungs and had injured his organs severely. He died later at night.The cops are questioning all the employees of the company who were in the car and portraits are being prepared. Joint CP, south-western range, Vivek Gogia and DCP, south, Chhaya Sharma were at the spot. Crime and FSL teams were at work. A wireless message was flashed to intercept the van and the police cordoned off the area.The van had been abandoned in Hauz Rani, near Shaheed Bhagat Singh Park, and was discovered around 3pm by the beat cops.The two rifles snatched from the guards were recovered from the van. A team from Malviya Nagar police station rushed to the spot and found it to be the same Eeco van. The assailants had by then transferred the cash to another vehicle and left.Joint CP Gogia told TOI: \"We had received information about the crime around 1pm. We have formed seven teams while the crime branch too has roped in its two units. We have meaningful inputs and hope to crack the case soon.''Coincidences point at insider role in van heistIt was no doubt a planned robbery, but investigators are leaning towards the view that the planning may not have been done entirely by the armed goons who fatally wounded a guard inside the van before driving away with a cash chest containing Rs 5.25 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16595207", "title": "'False cases against those protesting illegal mining'", "text": "JAIPUR: The people's union for civil liberties (PUCL) has accused police and mine mafia of ganging up on those raising their voices against illegal mining at Dabla village in Sikar. The activists have demanded that all the false cases against the villagers including Kargil hero Jagram Singh should be withdrawn.Addressing a press conference here on Friday, PUCL said that in the last 18 months since villagers started raising voice against illegal mining in the region, the police have registered more than 12 FIRs against locals including Jairam Singh (Kargil hero), Sunil, Surendra and Moharchand.\"All these cases were registered either by the illegal mines owner or government employees. It is an irony that when the locals approached the police to register cases against illegal mine owners and workers, they did not act, but were quick to register false cases against the locals on the behalf of mine owners,\" said Kavita Srivastav, general secretary, PUCL, Rajasthan.Jaipur: The people's union for civil liberties has accused police and mine mafia for teaming up against those who are raising their voice against illegal mining at Dabla village in Sikar district of the state. The activists have demanded that all the false cases against the villagers including Kargil Jagram Singh should be withdrawn.Addressing a press conference in the city on Friday, PUCL said that in the last 18 months since villagers started raising voice against illegal mining in the region, the police have registered more than 12 FIRs against locals including Jairam Singh (Kargil Hero), Sunil, Surendra and Moharchand.\"All these cases were registered by either by those who were directly involved in the illegal mines owners, government employees. It is an irony that at one hand when the locals went against the miners and approached the police to register cases, they did not act, on the other hand on the behest of the mine mafia and government employees false cases were registered against the locals,\" said Kavita Srivastav, General secretary, PUCL, Rajasthan.Even, Rajasthan High court has clearly mentioned that the stone crushers in the region have broken law and the road made on gazing land by the district collector is also a violation.PUCL has also written to CK Mathew, Chief Secretary, government of Rajasthan urging the government to implement the high court orders which has asked the government to stop using the gazing land for the purpose of road carrying trucks. The high court has also observed that the all 5 stone crushing units operate inside a prohibited area thus they can't be permitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595314", "title": "Billiard player returns to top of his game soon after bypass surgery", "text": "MUMBAI: Raja Subramanian's energy is hard to miss when he is at the billiard table aiming to get the perfect shot. Witnessing his vigour, it is nearly impossible to guess that the second-ranked billiard player in the state underwent a bypass surgery last year to fix three blocked arteries.Already living with polio and a damaged right eye, 41-year-old Subramanian decided he would not allow his heart condition to impede his career. \"Initially, I thought it was acidity and popped my usual medicine. I went to see a specialist when it did not work,\" he said.He recalled returning to the sport within a month and a half of undergoing the bypass surgery at Bombay Hospital in February last year. Over the next few months, he contested and won a state-level championship as well as national level challenges to grab the eighth rank in the country.Today, Subramanian calls his heart disease a blessing in disguise. \"I used to weigh around 107 kg before my heart condition was diagnosed. The surgery made me wake up to the benefits of healthy living,\" he said on Friday. He lost close to 20 kg in the past year by going out on regular walks twice a day and changing his dietary habits. He also stopped smoking , a habit he had for 22 years.Subramanian said the new grafts in his heart have given him a gush of energy. \"I feel more enthusiastic every time I walk around the table. The breathlessness and fatigue have disappeared,\" he said. Armed with a CA degree, Subramanian spends a good amount of his time taking tuitions. But now he wants to contribute more actively to the sport.\"I have started applying for jobs in the government sector where I can work towards training youngsters to take up the sport, which mostly attracts people who are not too young,\" he said. Subramanian is flying out to Leeds, England, next month to participate in the world championship. \"I can play for another 10 years and the surgery has made it possible,\" he said, adding that people have offered to help him participate in the championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16597940", "title": "Smaller cities too offer good heart care", "text": "MUMBAI: Fear of bypass surgery and the availability of affordable stents has prompted the number of angioplasties in India to rise sharply. \"Also, the spending power of the middle class has improved,\" says Dr Sundeep Mishra, CSI's National Interventional Council chairman.Dr Ramakanta Panda of Asian Heart Institute concurred. \"The numbers of heart patients who come to doctors are just the tip of the iceberg. Many cannot afford treatment, many are frightened of interventions and only want medical treatment,\" he said.There is a silver lining to the growing cardiac care facilities in India: the care itself is getting better. The CSI registry throws up big positives in India's battle against cardiac ailments. The biggest positive seems to be the time taken for the average cardiac patient to reach a cath lab. The doorto-balloon time is a term to calculate the time between the patient reaching a hospital and doctors removing the blockage. The 2011 statistics from CSI say that that average time is 48.6 minutes, though it varies from a minimum of 12 minutes to a maximum of 120 in some hospitals. \"International norms suggest that the average door-to-balloon time is 90 minutes. If India's average is 48.6 minutes, it is excellent,\" said cardiologist Ganesh Kumar from Hiranandani Hospital in Powai.The CSI statistics show that the number of primary angioplasties, which is done within six hours of a patient getting a heart attack, is increasing. Nationwide, many hospitals now offer primary angioplasty, with many of their staff members living on the campus to facilitate better time management. In 2008, 10,465 primary angioplasties were performed in India, accounting for 9.23% of all angioplasties that year. In 2011, 20,541 primary angioplasties were done, accounting for 13.5% of the total procedures.CSI said that although half the number of procedures is performed in a handful of cities, there is a trend of smaller centres coming up across India. \"People no longer travel to big cities for interventions. Pune, for instance, has overtaken Mumbai in the number of angioplasties,\" said Dr Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16597619", "title": "World Bank approves $84 mn for panchayat project", "text": "PATNA: The state government's panchayat strengthening project got a major boost on Friday after World Bank (WB) approved $84 million soft loan to the project. The project will strengthen Panchayati Raj Institutions (PRIs) across 1,300 gram panchayats in six districts of the state.The project, which will strengthen the public financial management systems at the panchayat level, will be financed by International Development Association (IDA), a WB's concessionary lending arm. The IDA provides interest-free loans with 25-year maturity and a grace period of five years.It will also introduce computerized panchayat accounting system - PRIASOFT - in all project districts beginning with Patna and Nalanda.The project will support the state government's idea of decentralizing the power and improve capacity of gram panchayats to plan and implement development schemes. It will build panchayats' administrative, planning and financial management capacity, mobilize communities to increase people's knowledge of their rights and responsibilities, raise awareness among local leaders and communities on the need for local action that can improve health and livelihood.The state government has institutionalized the strategy of political inclusion for women, scheduled castes (SCs), scheduled tribes (STs) and extremely backward castes at the panchayat level. Today 55% of the elected panchayat members in Bihar are women, 14 % belong to SCs, and 0.66 % to STs.The Bihar panchayat strengthening project will focus on bringing about visible changes in the project villages, particularly in the areas of village sanitation, quality of drinking water, nutrition and management of natural resources.This will be done primarily by helping gram panchayats access and effectively use of funds provided by a few major government schemes like the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA), Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC), National Rural Drinking Water Programme (NRDWP), Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) and discretionary grants from the 13th Finance Commission and the Backward Region Grant Fund.\"A strong network of PRIs, once empowered with the ability to identify and address its development priorities, can make a rich contribution to both local and government development programmes,\" said Onno Ruhl, WB country director for India. \"We hope this project will go a long way in supporting the government of Bihar's long-term vision of inclusive, responsive and accountable local governance,\" he added.\"The project will help create the necessary infrastructure, strengthen institutions at the gram panchayat level and invest in mobilizing communities to raise awareness and build capacity of citizens to participate in local governance,\" said Mohan Nagarajan, project task team leader and senior economist at the WB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16597549", "title": "Regional Troublesome Office", "text": "SURAT: These days residents of the diamond city get jitters ahead of visiting the regional transport office (RTO). Reason: For a small inquiry or collection of forms, the vehicle owners have to stand in long queues for at least two hours. To get driving licence and registration of vehicle, it takes more than four hours at a stretch. Then there is the problem of touts too.For each and every work, small or big, vehicle owners are issued tokens and made to stand in queues for hours, thanks to the newly implemented token system and severe staff shortage at the RTO. Against a sanctioned staff of 22 RTO inspectors, there are only three inspectors. There is 60 per cent shortage of office and ground staff.A businessman Rakesh Maniar said, \"I had to stand in the queue for hours. In all it took about four hours for me to get my licence renewed.\"Another vehicle owner Santosh Kumar said, \"I have been visiting RTO for the last three days. Today, I was lucky to get the token and I am standing in the queue for the last two hours for my driving licence.\"Only 300 tokens are issued by the transport office for works related to driving licence and registration of vehicles in a day.\"It is not possible for us to serve 800 people on a daily basis because of staff shortage. Thus, we have implemented the token system,\" in charge, regional transport officer, GC Patel said.\"Things are likely to get back on track from 2013 as the state government has approved new recruitments in the regional transport offices across the state,\" Patel added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16599558", "title": "Actress Shwetha Menon's delivery in film!", "text": "Actress Shwetha Menon gave birth to a baby girl at Mumbai's Nanavati hospital on Thursday. And for the first time in Indian film history, the delivery was filmed by Malayalam filmmaker Blessy for his upcoming film Kalimannu.Blessy told us that his crew had been camping in the city for the last few days. Cinematographer Jibu Jacob, his two assistants and Blessy accompanied Shwetha's husband Sreevalsan Menon to the delivery room.The director, who has made critically acclaimed movies including Kaazcha and Thanmatra, told us that he wanted to try an entirely different subject for his new project - the transformation of a woman into a mother. \"This project became a reality when Shwetha agreed to do it. As in real life, she portrays the lead role in Kalimannu ,\" he said.The film will release next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "thiruvanthapuram/kochi", "code": "16597587", "title": "New tourism norms unlikely to affect Sabarimala traff", "text": "THIRUVANTHAPURAM/KOCHI: The state government is confident that the new guidelines on tourism and pilgrimage in eco-sensitive areas won't affect the huge pilgrim traffic, and resulting revenue, to Sabarimala. It has asked the advocate general (AG) to furnish an affidavit clarifying the state's position after the Centre submitted the guidelines before the Supreme Court on Wednesday.The state's stand is that Sabarimala is situated in the buffer zone of Periyar Tiger Reserve and not in the core area and therefore the tiger habitat won't be affected by the pilgrimage. It also cites the antiquity of the temple and how it pre-dates the formation of tiger reserve.\"The Sabarimala master plan for the next 50 years has been prepared as directed by the SC. The Union government transferred 12.67 hectares of land from the tiger reserve for Sabarimala development after informing the SC. The SC knows well about all aspects of Sabarimala. We are confident about convincing the SC about the need for exempting Sabarimala pilgrimage from the proposed restrictions,\" said chief minister Oommen Chandy.The AG has been asked to prepare an affidavit in consultation with forest department and Devaswom board. Chief secretary and Travancore Devaswom chief commissioner K Jayakumar also said Sabarimala pilgrimage won't be affected by the new guidelines. \"Those guidelines relate to areas declared as reserved forests. The Centre had sought the views of the state before filing the affidavit, and we will inform them that no fresh restrictions can be imposed on the Sabarimala pilgrimage, which has been going on for ages,'' Jayakumar told TOI.Kerala had raised certain objections to the draft guidelines submitted by the MoEF in June 2011 regarding construction activity in eco-sensitive areas, levying of \"local conservation cess\" and on temple boards negotiating terms of revenue sharing with local communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "vatican city", "code": "16597500", "title": "Papyrus that mentions Jesus' wife fake: Vatican", "text": "VATICAN CITY: An ancient papyrus fragment which a Harvard scholar says contains the first recorded mention that Jesus may have had a wife is a fake, the Vatican said on Friday.\"Substantial reasons would lead one to conclude the papyrus is indeed a clumsy forgery,\" the Vatican's newspaper, L'Osservatore Romano, said in an editorial by editor, Gian Maria Vian.Joining a highly charged academic debate over the authenticity of the text, written in ancient Egyptian Coptic, the newspaper published a lengthy analysis outlining doubts about the manuscript and urging extreme caution.The fragment, which reads \"Jesus said to them, my wife\" was unveiled by Havard professor Karen King at a congress of Coptic Studies in Rome last week. ap", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16594561", "title": "Child sexual abuse case: Residents demand maximum punishment for accused", "text": "INDORE: \"Handover the culprit to us and we will punish him in public.\" The demand echoed as residents of Rajiv Awas Vihar, who were angry with the sexual abuse and murder of Shivani, gathered at the house of accused Rajesh Sengar's house.On Friday morning, the residents entered the house of Rajesh Sengar which was locked from outside, and vandalised all materials of domestic use. The irate mob also damaged a vehicle parked at the road side. They were demanding death sentence to the culprit. They also gheroed the officials and demanded immediate action against the culprit.It took at least one and half hours for police to calm down the public with assurance that they will run the case in fast track court and will try to ensure harsher punishment for the culprits. Officials of the rank of ASP and inspector were present on the spot.One of the protestors Suman Sharma told TOI that she had been hearing the screaming of the child for the last three months since she came here. Whenever, people tried to discuss the issue with the parent, her foster father Rajesh Sengar would turn furious and start abusing people.\"Such incident creates fear among the people's minds and the accused should be given maximum punishment so that the others may not repeat the same act,\" said another resident Sitabai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595678", "title": "5 months on, no NIT trustee appointed", "text": "NAGPUR: The proposal to elect one of the corporators as NIT trustee remains pending due to infighting within BJP for the post.The proposal came for discussion in the general body meeting held on April 30. But the BJP-led ruling party could not finalize one of its corporators to the post. Mayor Anil Sole has kept the proposal pending. It was expected that the NIT trustee would be zeroed in on in Friday's meeting, but sources told TOI that BJP failed to make any decision due to the absence of MLA Devendra Fadnavis. Fadnavis was to hold a meeting with the BJP leaders and also the party's parliamentary board to finalize the name. Four senior corporators Avinash Thakre, Ravindra Bhoyar, Ramesh Shingare and Narendra Borkar are in the race for the post there by making it difficult for the party leadership to finalize the candidate.Wardhane ensures Mahagenco begin STP workMunicipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane is taking things very seriously. He has managed to make Mahagenco start the construction work of sewage treatment plant that had been pending for a long time. Work on the plant has started from Friday. Central government had approved the project on December 22, 2006. Later, NMC executed an agreement with Mahagenco on October 4, 2008. The Mahagenco was to treat sewage water and pay Rs 15 crore per month to the NMC. But the construction work didn't start due to delaying tactics of Mahagenco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16597215", "title": "Non-bailable warrant against Raj for hate speech", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday issued fresh non-bailable warrants against Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray after he failed to appear before it to respond to two complaints accusing him of making hate speeches against north Indians, particularly Bihar natives, in 2008.Additional chief metropolitan magistrate Manish Yaduvanshi issued NBWs against Raj Thackeray and ordered its execution by November 17 after he failed to appear before him in response to the August 31 summons and sought exemption from personal appearance instead.The court also issued fresh summons against him in two other cases transferred to the capital from Bihar and Jharkhand by the Supreme Court.The court also issued fresh summonses against Bal Thackeray and Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray for their alleged remarks against Bihar natives that they should be thrown out of Maharashtra.The court noted that the NBWs were issued against the MNS chief by courts in Jamshedpur and Muzaffarpur on December 16, 2008 and November 11, 2009 respectively. Following the issuance of NBWs by Jamshedpur and Muzaffarpur courts, the Supreme Court, on a plea by Thackeray that he cannot appear before courts in Bihar and Jharkhand due to threat to his life, had transferred the cases against him to the Delhi court last year. The ACMM on Friday noted that \"instead of applying for recall of NBWs (issued by Bihar and Jharkhand courts) and physically appearing and seeking bail, the accused has sought exemption.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16594981", "title": "'God particle of no religious import'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Higgs Boson particle was discovered alright but it was mainly the term 'God particle' that caught all the attention in the world. scientists all the attention in the world.\"It is unfortunate that the Higgs Boson was referred to as 'God particle' but the discovery has no religious significance.\"But it was the playful term that brought attention to the discovery,\" said Prof B Ananthanarayan, chairman and professor, High Energy Physics at the Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru.Prof Ananthanarayan gave a detailed presentation about the discovery of the Higgs Boson particle delivering the CSIR Foundation day lecture - 2012 at the CSIR-National Geophysical Research Institute on Friday.The Hyderabad-born Prof Anathanarayan reminded the gathering of scientists that the physicist Leon Lederman who authored a book on the Higgs Boson actually wanted to call it the 'Goddamn particle' but the publisher of the book had preferred to change it to 'God particle'.Though this did fetch attention to the discovery of the Higgs Boson at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC), the world's largest and highest energy particle accelerator, Prof Ananthanarayan said it was time now to ask more questions for which answers have to be found out.Questions like \"Are there super symmetries in nature?\" and \"How about the quantum theory of gravity?\" will now seek answers.He said questions posed 50 years ago, found perfect answers over the years with even the discovery of the Higgs Boson particle.\"The ideas have been proved to the core. It is part of human mind to attack questions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16600193", "title": "Switzerland, Vanya Mishra's dream destination", "text": "She has never holidayed alone but if she were to, she would choose to go to Bahamas. Switzerland tops her list of dream destinations and why not, that's where her favourite tennis star Roger Federer lives.In a candid conversation with us, Pantaloons Femina Miss India World Vanya Mishra shares her idea of a perfect holiday along with her recent travel experiences in China.What has been your most memorable travel trip? Well, the most memorable and longest one has recently been in China for the Miss World pageant. We travelled to many places within and nearby Ordos. I enjoyed spending time with my girl friends, meeting people, trying to understand their language, laughing together, memorable funny moments, and trying new food most importantly. The best part was when one of us would find an ice cream stall nearby at a new place and we all would rush to it as if we've never had ice cream before because we used to be so tired roaming in the heat.Where did you spend your last vacation? It was in Goa with friends and family.As a child, what all places do you remember visiting with your family? I have been to see the Taj Mahal but I was very little then. Besides that, I've been to Hyderabad, Kerala, Bombay, Delhi, Goa, J&K;, and Himachal Pradesh...etc.When you're travelling to another country, do you try learning and speaking the local language? I did think of learning a bit of mandarin before going to China but I don't think I plan to anymore. It'll take me ages, but yes, I did learn to say Hi &amp; Bye and of course thank you!What according to you makes for a perfect holiday? I think a perfect holiday just needs a relaxed frame of mind for you to be able to enjoy each and every bit of your travel. With your close ones around you, it definitely makes it all the more exciting and comfortable, nothing like it.Name one destination that you can visit many times without getting bored. I still have to explore that one.Have you ever taken a holiday all by yourself? If yes, where and how was the experience? If no, where would you want to go and why? No, I haven't been on a holiday alone, I wonder how it'll be to holiday alone, but Bahamas maybe.How many countries have you travelled to? Just one until now, but will be going to Poland soon for a shoot.Your dream destination? Oh! There are so many beautiful places around the world, it's hard to pick one but Europe would be on top of my list, Switzerland to be more specific because I would love to meet my favourite tennis star Roger Federer there.Your worst travel experience? Where and what? Can't remember any.Where are you planning your next holiday? Mum wants to see Srinagar so if I am free anytime soon, would love to go there along with others in the family. I would love to visit Singapore too.The best destination for shopping DubaiThree travel tips that you'd like to share as a professional model. Always keep your important documents like passport, extra ID proof, etc together in one folder or bag. Read up a little about the place you're visiting like the climate and pack accordingly. From my experience in China, food can be a big issue especially if you don't eat much meat, so try carrying healthy and dry food items to escape worst case scenario. You don't want to die starving.arunima.mazumdar@indiatimes.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16597898", "title": "Nalsarovar is now a Ramsar site", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nalsarovar, which is home to 210 different species of birds, has been notified as a Ramsar site.About 67 km from Ahmedabad, the wetland is the first in Gujarat - and 26th in the country - to get the Ramsar Convention recognition. The Convention on Wetlands of International Importance, called the Ramsar Convention, is the only global environmental treaty that deals with a wetland ecosystem.The treaty was adopted in the Iranian city of Ramsar in 1971. There are 2,056 Ramsar sites across the world. The recognition, which came on September 24, will help Nalsarovar get financial, technical and scientific support from WWF International Freshwater Programme and WWF-India.According to the Ramsar notification, the Nalsarovar Bird Sanctuary is spread over 12,000 hectares and an average of 75,000 tourists visit the wetland annually. It is an important stopover site within the Central Asia Flyway for critically endangered sociable lapwing (vanellus gregarius) and the vulnerable marbled teal (marmaronetta angustirostris) during migration, while sarus crane (grus antigone) takes refuge here during summer when other water bodies are dry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16596515", "title": "Woman robbed at gunpoint", "text": "KANPUR: A woman was robbed at gunpoint at her Kalyanpur residence on Friday afternoon. In her statement to the police, Chetna, a housewife, has alleged that the robbers took away jewellery and cash worth Rs 8 lakh kept inside a locker at the house.Chetna was alone at home when two men got her to open the door over some pretext. \"None of us heard or felt any commotion during the incident. We heard Chetna's cries later,\" said a neighbour, adding, \"The miscreants had locked her from outside. When we opened the door, we found her in a state of shock.\"Another neighbour said the robbers, who according to the victim were armed with pistols and knives ransacked the almirahs and took away jewellery worth Rs 4.5 lakh and cash worth Rs 3.5 lakh from the locker. A senior police official said, \"There were two robbers, but they did not injure the woman. We have launched a hunt for the suspects.\"Theft: Thieves made away with cash and jewellery worth Rs 5.5 lakh from the house of Sunil Gupta, a resident of Swarn Jayanti Vihar in Koylanagar in Chakeri police area. The incident occurred late on Thursday night while Gupta and his family members were visiting his daughter-in-law's place in Phoolbagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16594827", "title": "Firm failed to learn from previous robberies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Narrowing down suspects in Friday's robbery will be difficult because of the unfamiliar pattern of attack and the fact that several robbers involved in old cases have never been caught. Police are trying to find answers by comparing the heist with similar strikes in UP and Haryana.Friday's robbery is unique in that the robbers intercepted a cash van on a busy city road. Police say negligence of the private agency transferring the cash is as much to blame in the case as the audacity of the robbers. Officers say the agency failed to learn from the previous cash van robberies at Satya Niketan and Alaknanda. For one, its agents followed a predictable routine, taking the same routes day after day. Secondly, the car did not have a GPS system to enable tracking, in violation of written orders. However, its guards had clean credentials, police said.In the Alaknanda incident last year, the cash van driver drove off with Rs 66 lakh. In the unsolved Sangam Vihar (2006) and Masjid Moth (2008) robberies, cars were used as getaway vehicles. In this year's other big heist, more than Rs 1 crore was robbed from the Rohini office of a finance firm.Police said the radio taxi being used as a cash van was hired from a travel agency in Faridabad and did not have a GPS unit attached. A functionary of Premier Shield, the agency involved, said the staff followed the same route every day from the ICICI Bank branch at Hauz Khas, as it was the shortest route.The case has also raised questions about Delhi Police's anti-robbery measures. Earlier, the practice of visiting banks daily had checked crime. Beat policemen used to visit banks and check their records twice. However, 2008 onwards, the drill was slackened. Former commissioner YS Dadwal again institutionalized the checks but they have been forgotten again lately. Delhi Police deny this, though: \"Our beat staff visit banks in their respective areas regularly and provide them with security advisories,\" said a senior officer.\"We cover most of the banks and financial institutions in our area but many agencies carry out large cash transactions without informing us. There is little that we can do to protect them,\" said an officer from south district.Police are now looking at case files right from the 1980s. For instance, Ravinder Kumar, a 50-year-old gangster arrested in October 2008 along with his cronies, had been involved in several robberies. The gang was also accused of killing a sub-inspector in Karol Bagh during a heist. Officers say many of these gangsters are now out on bail. \"It was the first gang to use a four-wheeler (a Fiat car) in such crimes. The entire city had to be picketed to nab them,\" said an officer.The October 2006 robbery at UCO Bank in Sangam Vihar may also provide leads. Four armed men had looted Rs 29.5 lakh after shooting a bank employee in the abdomen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16597243", "title": "Jobs take toll on Chandigarh's young hearts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There is flip side too to the fast pace development in the city. Taking a lead from IT hubs like Pune and Hyderabad, Chandigarh has attained the dubious distinction of having employees in the corporate sector who face greater heart disease risk. Findings came out in a survey report which was released by the ASSOCHAM, a day prior to the World heart day.The survey was conducted in major cities like Delhi-NCR, Mumbai, Bangalore, Kolkata, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Hyderabd, Pune, Chandigarh and Dehradun. Over 200 employees were selected from each city. While Delhi topped the leading cities, in which corporate employees were found most vulnerable, Bangalore, Mumbai, Ahemdabad, Chandigarh, Hyderabad and Pune attained subsequent positions.The main reasons cited were high stress levels, lack of physical activity and poor eating habits.The survey targeted corporate employees from 18 broad sectors. It revealed that chances of heart attack were 52% higher amongst the night shift workers as compared to the day shift workers.Around 55 per cent of the survey respondents were under the age bracket of 20-29 years, followed by 30-39 years (26 per cent), 40-49 years (16 per cent), 50-59 years (2 per cent) and 60-69 years (approximately 1 per cent).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16597428", "title": "Nashik's civic body creates ponds for idols' immersion to reduce pollution", "text": "NASHIK: In a bid to minimize water pollution, the civic health and water resources departments (irrigation department) have appealed to citizens to donate their idols to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) by immersing the idols in artifical ponds created by the NMC for donations of Ganesh idols to the NMC rather instead of immersing them in the Godavarion Saturday.The NMC has announced eight locations where the ponds will be created.Since the past three years, the health department has been collecting idols from collection centres across the city. This year, the civic body has identified 27 collection centres along the river. \"People are becoming conscious and donating idols. In the first year, we collected 25,000 idols, in the second year we collected 50,000 and last year we collected 75,000 idols. We expect more this year. Also, this year, the mayor has announced eight places where artificial ponds will be created for immersion,\" said health officer, Dr S G Hiray.The water resources department has appealed to people to donate Ganesh idols as far as possible to the health department to minimise water pollution.Officials of all civic departments have appealed to people to hand over their idols and other ritual material (nirmalya) for immersion in the ponds rather than in rivers or nullahs.\"Some people come directly to Gangapur (dam) for immersion, despite it being a source for our drinking water, We request people to do the immersion at it in Someshwar or Anandwalli instead if they want to immerse idols,\" said A N Mhaske, executive engineer of the irrigation department.The NMC has announced that it would construct eight artificial ponds for Ganesh idol immersion and nirmalya. The ponds will be created at Gorakshnagar near RTO Corner, Behind Muktidham at Nashik Road, near Day Care School at New Nashik (CIDCO), near tennis court at Yeolekar Mala, near Krushinagar jogging track, Sainathnagar chowk at Indiranagar, Pipeline Road near Reliance Petrol Pump at Satpur, Satpur-Ambad Link Road ahead of Nasardi river.The officials of all the departments have appealed to people to hand over the idols and nirmalya or immerse in the ponds rather than in the rivers or nullahs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595528", "title": "Nagpur University to confer nearly 60K degrees during 99th convocation", "text": "NAGPUR: In a rare instance, a BA student has topped the list of prize winners who will be honoured by Nagpur University during its 99th convocation ceremony on October 1. Nearly, 60,000 students would be bestowed with degrees by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal during the programme at Vasantrao Deshpande Hall from 10am. Eminent nuclear scientist Anil Kakodkar will grace the occasion as the chief guest and will deliver a speech on new universities' Act likely to come into effect from next academic year.Like every year, the fairer sex has again stamped their superiority by not only topping the list of prize winners but also grabbing highest number of medals. LAD College's Arohi Agarkar and GH Raisoni Law College's Aradhana Rewatkar (LLB three-year course) led the pack of prize winners by winning 15 prizes each. They were followed by Saurabh Tapadia (LLB five-year course) of GH Raisoni Law College with 12 prizes and Pundlik Vyahadkar of Vasantrao Naik College with 11 prizes for highest marks in MA (History) exam.For fourth convocation in a row, NU has failed to confer prestigious Doctor of letters (DLitt) degrees to anyone. But Sapkal, while talking to media assured that they will think over awarding it on the honorary basis like that to melody queen Lata Mangeshkar in 2008., which was marred with the controversies following her refusal to attend the ceremony.Shrikrushana Kashikar was the last recipient of this coveted degree during 95th convocation in 2009.This year, 180 students from various faculties will be honoured with 272 gold medals, 41 silver and 107 prizes. NU will also be awarding 479 PhDs, one of its highest, but lower that last year's all-time high of 574.VC further informed that about 15 new awards, prizes and lecture series will be added from this year after various donors donated funds for the same. This included gold medal in the names of eminent litterateur late Manik Godghate, popularly known as poet Grace, and former registrar late Balraj Aher.Express feeder line starts in NUVC also informed that the long awaited express feeder line, which was pending since nearly a decade even after spending Rs 75 lakh, had finally become operational. With this NU departments will get uninterrupted power supply for round the clock. TOI had tracked this issue many a times in a series of reports. Sapkal also added that they relaxed admission criteria for all the PG courses enabling any graduate to pursue a course of his/her liking. \"This is a step towards moving interdisciplinary courses and also towards choice-based system,\" Sapkal said.Total degrees to be conferred during 99th convocation:Faculty -------------------- PhD ------- Grad ----------- PG ----------- OverallLiterature ------------------ 72 ---------14,404 ----------- 3,650 -------18,126Science -------------------- 123 --------4,897 -------------1,863 ------- 6,883Law ------------------------- 2 ---------- 461 --------------- 241 -------- 704Medicine ------------------ 7 ---------- 343 -------------- 210 ---------- 560Commerce --------------- 86 ----------8,205 ------------- 2,380 ------- 10,671Education ----------------- 58 ---------7,392 ------------ 703 ---------- 8,153Engineering -------------- 20 --------- 6,211 ------------ 295 --------- 6,526Social Sciences -------- 105 -------- 693 -------------- 6,630 -------- 7,428Home Science ---------- 6 ----------- 700 ------------- 125 ---------- 831ME (by research) - - ------------------------------------ 13 ----------- 13Total students --------- 479 ----------43,306 ------------16,110 ------59,895", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16599963", "title": "R-Patz's 'rational voice' told him to take Stewart back", "text": "Robert Pattinson , who is back with his cheating girlfriend Kristen Stewart , started taking her calls, as he started thinking \"nobody else would understand his life,\" a friend has revealed.The friend said that the actor's \"rational voice\" told him not to toss a three-year relationship for one infidelity.\"Rob weighed his options. He wouldn't even know where to start if he wand Kristen were to break up for good,\" a source told Us magazine.\"They have a very deep connection,\" another source said.\"Plus, they're young. All relationships at that age have drama,\" the source added.But Stewart still faces one tough challenge - winning over Pattinson's pals.\"They don't want to see him get hurt again,\" a source said.\"But Rob has hope in their romance,\" another source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16597761", "title": "Rathyatra for Shiva in Baroda next year", "text": "VADODARA: The city will witness a grand chariot procession on the lines of Jagannath Rathyatra next year. The procession 'Shivji Ki Savari' will be brought out by devotees on the occasion of Mahashivratri.The chariot procession will carry with it the family of Lord Shiva.A group in the city is designing a grand statue of Shiva along with Goddess Parvati and their sons Ganesha as well as Kartikeya. Narad Muni will also be present on the chariot along with the family.Raopura MLA Yogesh Patel along with others like senior Congress leader Ashwin Shah, Vadodara Chamber of Commerce and Industries senior vice-president Nilesh Shukla, hotelier Piyush Shah has taken the initiative. He said Shiva, Parvati and baby Ganesha will sit on a large Nandi, while Kartikeya and Narad Muni will stand on the chariot. The chariot will be kept at Udaynarayan temple near Baroda Medical College. Patel said the procession was a wish of spiritual guru Savliwale Swami.Patel said on Shivratri, the chariot procession will begin from Sursagar that has a grand Shiva statue at its centre. From here, the procession will pass through Dandia Bazaar fire station, Khanderao Market, Lal Court, Gandhi Nagargruh, Raopura and Kothi before culminating at Udaynarayan temple. A website for the chariot procession has also been made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16596253", "title": "Man held for assault, freed on bail", "text": "The Ponda police on Friday arrested Yamudas Chandrakant Naik, resident of Nagzarwada-Bhoma in Ponda taluka, for allegedly assaulting his sister-in-law on frivolous grounds on Thursday. The accused was later released on bail in the afternoon.According to Ponda police, Yamudas had a spat with his sister-in-law Savita Satyawan Naik while she was collecting water from a tap in their residence on Thursday. He then assaulted her with a wooden baton fracturing her forearm. She was admitted to Hospicio hospital, Margao and was under treatment until Friday afternoon.Man dies in jeep accident at Birla: Ramesh Kumar , 38, originally from Uttar Pradesh and residing at Agasaim, died in Goa medical college (GMC), Bambolim, after he was dashed against by an oncoming jeep at Birla on Thursday night. Kumar was going to Birla-Zuarinagar on Thursday night and when he reached near the Birla cross, an oncoming jeep knocked him down. He was later taken to GMC, where he breathed his last while undergoing treatment. The driver of the jeep Lachappa Chavan, 27, was arrested by Verna police and released on bail.Thieves strike at four places in Margao: Unidentified thieves struck at four different places in Margao on Thursday night, but only one of these cases was registered at the Margao police station until late evening. Police sources informed that a flat owned by Manik Wagle was found burgled by the culprits, but the value of stolen goods could not be ascertained as the occupants are away.Police are awaiting their return from Bangalore. Three more flats located near power house, Aquem, were also targeted by thieves on Thursday night. No offence was registered in any of these cases at the Margao police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596751", "title": "Lightning strikes cop\u2019s house on jail campus", "text": "CHENNAI: Thundershower and heavy downpour that played havoc in the city on Wednesday evening damaged the quarter of a deputy inspector-general (prison) on the Puzhal prison campus on the outskirts of Chennai. The police officer's son, who was in his room during the rain, escaped unhurt.P Govindarajan, along with his wife and son, lives in the official quarters located inside the prison campus. Govindarajan and his wife went to a relative's house on Wednesday, while his son, a college student, stayed back.Lightning struck Govindarajan's house and a portion of it was damaged. Hearing a loud noise, neighbours came out of their houses and noticed the damage. Govindarajan was informed of the incident.A 15-year-old boy selling 'Sundal' on Marina Beach died after being struck by lightning and a construction worker died when the earth caved in due to heavy rains near Vyasarpadi on Wednesday. Sudden rain, thundershowers and heavy winds lashed the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16600203", "title": "Brajesh Mishra's last rites on Monday", "text": "NEW DELHI: The last rites of Brajesh Mishra, the country's first National Security Adviser who died here following a heart ailment, will be held on Monday.His mortal remains will be consigned to flames at the Lodhi Road Crematorium at 11am on Monday, a close relative of Mishra said.Mishra, who would have turned 84 today, was declared brought dead at the Fortis Hospital in Vasant Kunj at around 9.50pm last night. He was suffering from coronary artery problem for some time.Mishra's son and daughter who are away in the United States are expected here by Monday.A career diplomat, Mishra was Principal Secretary to Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee before he was appointed NSA . He had earlier retired as Secretary in the External Affairs Ministry after having served as India's Permanent representative to the UN.He had played a crucial role in assisting Vajpayee during the Kargil conflict in 1999.After the fall of the NDA government in 2004 and the fading away of Vajpayee from the political scene, Mishra distanced himself from BJP and often criticised its stand on various foreign policy issues.He also batted for the Indo-US nuclear deal when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was negotiating with Washington and BJP attacked him for it.Believed to be the most powerful man in the PMO during Vajpayee's tenure, Mishra had also showed his dexterity as an able troubleshooter.He had joined the BJP in 1991 only to quit it seven years later to become Vajpayee's Principal Secretary.He played a key role on several issues relating to domestic and international policies, including forging closer ties with China and bringing thaw in Indo-Pak relations.He was Special Representative for talks with China to expedite resolution of the vexed border problem.In November 1998, he became the country's first National Security Adviser, a post he held till May 23, 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16600131", "title": "FDI has nothing to do with US: PM Manmohan Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unfazed by the uproar over FDI in retail and other tough decisions, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday indicated that the government may continue with the reforms process and expressed willingness to discuss issues with allies.\"We will do what is good for the country... reforms are not one-off process,\" he said.The Prime Minister was responding to questions on demands for rollback of decisions on FDI in multi-brand retail, diesel price hike and cap on subsidised LPG cylinders by the opposition.When asked to respond to reservations expressed by allies that the recent decisions could hurt their electoral prospects, Singh said the issue could be discussed. \"We are far away from elections.\"Singh was talking to reporters on the sidelines of the swearing-in ceremony of new Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir at the Rashtrapati Bhawan.During the week, the UPA coordination committee had discussed the issue of FDI in multi-brand retail and other decisions.When his attention was drawn to allegations by Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's that FDI was aimed at pleasing the US, he responded saying, \"What has the US got to do with this. We are not a country to be dictated by others.\"Asked about attacks on him by Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee, who recently walked out of the UPA, he said, \"I am not bitter about anything.\"On the Supreme Court's opinion on the issue of auction of natural resources, the Prime Minister said, \"We honour the judgement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16597036", "title": "Coimbatore university comes up with a herbal-based mosquito coil", "text": "COIMBATORE: There is good news for those of us who continue to endure the mosquito menace without any reprieve. The zoology department of Bharathiar University has come up with a herbal-based mosquito coil to keep insects at bay without harming human beings.K Murugan, a professor in the department who steered the research, said that the coil which is made of neem, thulasi, and other Indian plants can ward off mosquitoes without causing any harm to humans or others. Each coil can burn for about six hours at a stretch. The coils have been tested in some villages and their effectiveness has been established, he says.The department has been conducting research pertaining to the development of herbal products to detract mosquitoes for the last few years. This is a result of their efforts all these years. G James Pitchai, vice chancellor of the university said that only after doing a detailed study of the project, they take it to the market.Murugan says that they developed the coil based on several herbal products which are commonly used. He developed the product with the support of some of his students and under the guidance of the head of the department, K Sasikala. \"For instance, ground drumstick seed, powdered and mixed with water is a good repellant. Similarly, neem oil is also very efficient in keeping away the mosquitoes,\" he said.India has one of the largest herbal bio-diversity in the world. Several plant based materials which are eco-friendly can be developed from these, he said. They are now working together to come up with nano-insecticides and other products to counter the menace of mosquitoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16594840", "title": "4 Outer Ring Road toll booths set afire", "text": "HYDERABAD: The police arrested 11 members, allegedly belonging to the Telangana United Front (TUF), on charges of destroying four toll kiosks of the Outer Ring Road at Narsingi in the wee hours of Friday.According to the police, about 25 persons came to Narsingi around 5 am on Friday and shouting pro-Telangana slogans, destroyed four of the nine toll kiosks. One of the kiosks was completely burnt and another partially.\"While the miscreants were sprinkling petrol on one of the kiosks, it fell on a toll employee. However, he managed to escape unhurt,'' deputy commissioner of police Sudheer Babu told TOI.After indulging in the arson, the accused fled in different locations leaving behind pamphlets bearing the name of Telangana Pratighatana Bheri, but had the English letters TUF (Telangana United Front) at the bottom. Police are still not sure how they assembled and how they fled the location after committing the offence.But late in the evening, 11 members who allegedly participated in the arson were arrested. Narsingi sub-Inspector M Prabhakar Reddy said that the accused were arrested under the Sections 147, 153a, 427, 436, 285, 506, 149 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).Director general of police (DGP) V Dinesh Reddy earlier in the day said that the accused in this case would not be shown mercy and stringent action would be taken against them.\"By indulging in this violent act what did they achieve? Who would have taken responsibility if that person had caught fire'' Dinesh said. The CCTV camera at the toll booth failed to capture the footage as it was dysfunctional. The toll gate was started at Narsingi ORR only recently.Those who desecrated the statue of former chief minister Kasu Brahmananda Reddy at Banjara Hills were alleged to be members of Telangana United Front (TUF).Meanwhile, TUF leader Vemalakka TUF was taken into preventive custody from her residence at Kavadiguda on the hunch that she might create trouble by participating in Telangana march.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16597739", "title": "World War II veteran Duleepsinh cremated", "text": "VADODARA: Lieutenant colonel (retd) Duleepsinh of the erstwhile royal family of Rajpipla, who had passed away on Thursday, was cremated at the former royal cremation ghat in Rampara on the banks of Narmada on Friday at a solemn ceremony which was largely attended.The WW II veteran, whose family's four generations have served in the Indian Army, was bid farewell by officers of his battalion 3 Gorkha and other units by laying of wreaths. The bugler played a poignant Last Post and a bagpiper of the 5th Battalion 4th Gorkha Rifles played mournful dirges, while the body was being consigned to flames.Earlier, his body, attired in achkan and sword, was kept in the traditional sitting position at his home for family and well-wishers to pay homage and carry out an all night vigil. On Friday morning, he was placed in a 'singhasan' to the accompaniment of a single bagpipe of the Gorkha Rifles. His body was then taken in a procession through the town, led by two police bands to Harsidhi Mataji from where it proceeded to Rampara.His three sons performed the last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16597058", "title": "Red Eagle Division celebrates 74th anniversary", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The RAPID (Strike) division, also known as the Red Eagle Division, celebrated its 74th anniversary on Friday. Red Eagle Division is the oldest fighting formation of the army. The celebrations started with the remembrance of the martyrs of the division at the War Memorial.The General Officer Commanding (GOC) of the division, Major General GS Chandel laid wreath at the War Memorial. The wreath ceremony was followed by a Sanik sammelan. Major General Chandel spoke about the division and its exploits right from the time of World War II to its operations in the modern era. He urged every soldier of the division to uphold its glorious history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16597528", "title": "Delhi model robbery can happen in Kochi too", "text": "KOCHI: If it could happen in Delhi, then Kochi is a much easy target. Considering the lax security procedures followed by private agencies while transporting nearly Rs 10 crore a day to around 300 ATMs in and around the city, a heist similar to the Rs 5 crore-theft in Delhi, is a cakewalk. And here's the reason - most private security guards have air guns. Private security firms claim that they have no option as there are not many private guards with valid arms licence.\"We have been lucky so far as no gang has made such an attempt in Kochi. We are taking a huge risk. Private agencies take it for granted that the roads in the city are safe. We lack professional armed security guards to escort the money van,\" said a senior executive of a private security agency. \"It is hard to get trained guards with valid arms licence. We avoid such assignments considering the risk involved. Except for a few security agencies, which employ armed guards and use armoured vehicles for transporting cash, the rest use ordinary vehicles with slight modifications,\" said C V Devadas of Cats Eye HR Pvt Ltd.Except for a leading private security agency, no other agency has guards with valid arms licence in the city. \"Guards carry air guns because it is a deterrent,\" said the owner of a private security agency. Central Association of Private Security Industry (CAPSI) chairman Kunwar Vikram Singh said that the private security agencies in Kerala are taking a huge risk by not following security standards.\"We are aware of the situation. CAPSI has initiated a discussion with the Union home ministry to grant corporate arms licence to firms that provide armed guards for cash in transit. Agencies affiliated to our organization have been asked to follow high-level of security procedures while taking cash transportation assignments. The money should be transported only in specially designed armoured vehicles. Two armed guards should accompany the vehicle. The staff should know how to handle the GPS fitted in the vehicle,\" he said.There are 50 registered private security agencies in the state and the demand for private security guards in Kerala is high. Over 50% of the private security agencies in Kerala are not registered and they are fly-by-night operators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "16597140", "title": "Criminals assault Chasnala colliery official, demand power line for farm", "text": "SINDRI: Chinks in security arrangements in the general manager's office of the Chasnala colliery, run by the SAIL subsidiary ISP, came to fore on Friday morning when local goons assaulted assistant general manager (civil and town administration) Neyaz Ahmed and ransacked his office.Patherdih police have lodged a case of assault for extortion against 10 people, but no one has been arrested.According to S K Mishra, the manager (security and administration), one Dharmendra Mahto was pressuring the AGM for illegal power connection to his poultry farm for some time. He, however, refused to oblige saying that he was not the right person for that and that he should seek approval from the GM.\"Around 11.30 am on Friday, Mahto along with 10 other youths raided his office and repeated his demand. When Ahmed expressed his inability, they asked him to pay monthly extortion money of Rs 50,000 as he would not be able to run his poultry farm without power connection to it,\" Mishra said.Sensing trouble, when the AGM tried to get out of his chamber, Mahto along with his accomplices ransacked the office and assaulted him. One of them allegedly tried to strangulate him and snatched his gold chain.Although the AGM kept screaming for help, no one came forward to save him due to the fear of the local goons. The miscreants vandalized the office for about 7-8 minutes but even the security guards present in the nearby GM office, entrance of the office and main gate remained mute spectators, Mishra said.The incident has created a sense of insecurity among the officials of the colliery. \"The incident has left us with no choice but to surrender to the illegal demands of the local goons or be assaulted,\" said a senior officer. The miscreants involved in the incident are influential people in the area and none wanted to be on the wrong side of the local-outsider clash, said an employee at the GM office.Officer in charge of Patherdih police station Fareed Alam said Mahto and his accomplices were known coal lifters and were arrested many times on charges of coal pilferage. Police lodged a case under various sections of IPC against Dharmendra Mahto, Vivek Mahto, Pappu Mahto, Chiku and others and raids were on to arrest them, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596742", "title": "1 in 5 private schools in Tamil Nadu has no recognition", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly one-fifth of private unaided schools in the state have failed to get or renew their recognition. While many don't satisfy the land requirements prescribed by the department, the norms with regard to teacher-student ratio as per the Right to Free and Compulsory Education Act pose problems for others.The issue came to light after a scholarship meant for children of central government employees could not be disbursed as it could be given only to students of government-recognised institutions.Sources said at least 1,000 schools did not meet the prescribed land requirements. The school education department had been giving schools time to meet this requirement for more than three years now. But with the implementation of the RTE Act time has run out for many. \"We tried to get some land opposite to the school campus, but education department officials are refusing to consider it, saying there shouldn't be even 10 ft gap between the school buildings and the required open space,\" said a private matriculation school correspondent.Many admitted that their classrooms were not as big as required. The state expects each student to have 10 sq feet of space in school.\"This issue is not going to get resolved soon. The government can consider enforcing the land requirement for new schools and ask older schools to downgrade according to the land available. It's the only compromise we can think of at the moment,\" said Tamil Nadu Nursery, Primary, Matriculation and Higher Secondary Schools Association general secretary K R Nandakumar.Some schools claimed submitting application for renewal of recognition several months ago but that the files had not been processed. \"The department does not have enough manpower. So, the files have been pending for a long time. We will have to face the consequences though we have done our part,\" said a private school head.An official in the matriculation department said, \"We have been conducting camps in each educational district to clear the backlog on a war footing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16596866", "title": "Less than 20% of Indian research with international collaboration", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian researchers don't seem to believe very much in international collaborations when it comes to publishing research papers. Between 2001 and 2005, only 18.8% of Indian research publications were internationally collaborative. This increased to 19.5% between 2006 and 2010 \u2014 a meager increase of 0.6%.As against this, internationally collaborated research publications jumped by 8% for the UK.According to the findings of the study on India's research output and collaboration conducted by Thomson Reuters and recently submitted to the department of science and technology, Indian scientists it seems love collaborating with the US with the highest number \u2014 13,173 research publications \u2014 co-authored by researchers based in the US and India in 2010. This, however, represented 6.6% of India's research output.Germany was the second most frequent collaborating country with India and the UK third with 4,996 and 4,555 publications co-authored respectively with researchers in India. Collaboration with China in publishing scientific papers increased from 999 papers in 2001-2005 to 2,009 papers, which is just a 0.1% increase.Collaboration as a percentage share of India's overall research output has increased with South Korea (0.6%), and Australia (0.2%) and decreased with Japan (-0.4%).In absolute numbers, Indian researchers co-authored 3,368 papers with Japan, 3,110 with France, 2,974 with South Korea, 2,186 with Canada, 2,009 with China, 1,815 with Australia and 1,751 with Italy.International collaboration in pharmacology and toxicology was the lowest amongst all research fields while levels of collaboration were second lowest in the field of agricultural sciences. Collaboration in microbiology was 16.3% in 2006 a fall of -7.8% on 2001 - the largest fall in collaboration across all fields.Collaboration in neuroscience and behavior is relatively low compared to other fields \u2014 16.3% in 2006-10 with only a small increase (+1.7%) on 2001-05 levels of collaboration. US and UK are India's most frequent collaborating partners.Levels of collaboration in environmental science stood at 21.3% of overall research which went ahead and saw a 4% increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "16595450", "title": "1.11-quintal laddu to be auctioned", "text": "ANGUL: A laddu weighing 1.11 quintals will be auctioned before the immersion of Ganesh idols in Talcher on Sunday. The sweet is prepared by Talcher Central Ganesh Puja Committee and last year it had sold for Rs 87,000. \"Auctioning of ladoo on Ganesh puja started 20 years ago. This year we will place the laddu on a pandal so that all bidders can see it,\" said Ramesh Behera, general secretary of Talcher Central Ganesh Puja Committee.There is stiff competition during the auctions with the bid sometimes reaching up to Rs 1 lakh. Sunil Kumar Natha of Talcher had won last year's bid. \"I will take part in the bidding this year too,\" Natha said. Talcher MLA Braja Kishore Pradhan, who provided raw material for the laddu for the past three years said, \"I have placed an order with a sweet-maker from Mumbai to make the laddu. It has been prepared with 27 kg of \"besan\", 54 kg of sugar, 35 kg ghee, 2 kg cashewnuts, 3 kg almonds and camphor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16597626", "title": "A village specializes in a gift of a lifetime", "text": "THRISSUR: On Saturday morning, residents of Pootharakkal in Thrissur will gather at an open ground in the neighbourhood for a noble cause\u2014and to create history as the first organ-donor literate village. More than 2,000 adults from 600 families of this little-known village will hand over letters of consent to donate their organs, according to Father Davis Chiramel, chairman of the Kidney Federation of India.Local MLA Geetha Gopi, Thrissur district panchayat president K V Dasan, collector P M Francis, senior police officers, representatives from all religions and political parties will witness the noble moment.\"We are happy that the residents of Pootharakkal have promised to donate their organs. We would like to spread the noble gesture to the entire state and so have decided to start a journey on the day with a mission to collect about 10 lakh consent letters from people across the state. The letters of consent will be handed over to the Prime Minister later,\" said Fr Chiramel.The priest, who had set an example by donating a kidney, said the idea to hold a public 'consent meet' germinated at a recent interaction with the villagers.He then launched a door-to-door campaign, ensuring the participation of all adult villagers. \"This is just a beginning. We are sure of spreading the mission to the whole of Kerala and then to other states,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16597918", "title": "ACB seizes assets worth Rs 1 cr from forest officer\u2019s residence", "text": "PUNE: A day after range forest officer (RFO) Vishwas Bhadale (47) was arrested for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 5 lakh in a case pertaining to an encroachment on a reserved forest land at Wanowrie, the state anticorruption bureau (ACB), Pune, on Friday seized assets worth over Rs 1 crore from his Bibvewadi residence.A special court remanded Bhadale to police custody till October 1. He had allegedly taken Rs 1 lakh \u2014 the first instalment of the bribe \u2014 from the complainant , Imran Lakhani (24), of New Nana Peth. Bhadale's relative , Vilas Padval (57), was later arrested for allegedly accepting the remaining Rs 4 lakh from Lakhani at the forest department office at Khadakmal. He was remanded to judicial custody and later released on bail.\"The searches at Bhadale's residence has led to the seizure of Rs 5.5 lakh, 60tolas of gold ornaments worth Rs 18 lakh, 12.5 kg of silver ornaments and several property documents,\" said ACB assistant commissioner of police Hemant Bhat.Bhat said, \"The examination of documents has revealed that Bhadale has three flats \u2014 two at Panvel and one at Bibvewadi \u2014 and five plots at Ambegaon, Ketkavale and Bhor. He also has a three-storey apartment at Ambegaon behind Bharati Vidyapeeth , which has been converted into a hostel where 65 girls live.\"The ACB will conduct an \"open inquiry\" to decide if his assets are legal or disproportionate to his known source of income before deciding on the course of action against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16596295", "title": "Asked to clear bill, drunk cops beat up hotel owner", "text": "THANE: Law-enforcers turned tormentors for a city hotelier after four policemen in a drunken stupor allegedly bashed him up after he sought payment for their food and drinks late on Thursday.Assistant sub-inspector Subhash Shankar Sakpal (54) from Vartak Nagar police station had invited his junior colleagues for drinks and dinner at Swara restaurant in Rabodi late on Thursday.Constables Amit Atmaram Kadam (27), Dinesh Prakash Papre (26) and Sivaji Santosh Lande (26) are said to have had a long session over drinks and food with Sakpal at the hotel. The four were reportedly sozzled and believed to have thrown their weight on the hotel staff.As the four cops, who were not in uniform at the time, were about to leave, the hotel staff issued them a bill and sought payment for their drinks and food.At this point, Sakpal is said to have flared up and announced that he was a policeman. It is learnt that he refused to pay the bill.Hotel proprietor, Sunil Shetty, intervened and insisted that they will have to clear their bill.An inebriated Sakpal got into an heated argument with Shetty and abused him. Sakpal's colleagues joined him and reportedly assaulted Shetty.The Rabodi police were summoned and all four policemen were taken to the police station. Senior police inspector B B Bhage said a case has been filed against the four cops and they have been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16597677", "title": "Sholay to fire up poll campaign", "text": "VADODARA: 'Aaj Ke Sholay' - the parody inspired from blockbuster Sholay for a Ganpati pandal in the city - has by all accounts been a runaway hit. The 20-minute film puts the points across on corruption, price rise, foreign origin of Sonia Gandhi and dynasty politics effortlessly. The need for a political leader's rhetoric is not felt. It is proving to be an apt tool to roll out the election campaign in the city.The pandal organizers, including Raopura BJP MLA Yogesh Patel, have now decided to distribute CDs of the satire on UPA Government at the Centre. Unlike other releases whose original CDs take a long time in hitting the stands and are costly - the CDs of 'Aaj Ke Sholay' are available and free too. \"We will make and distribute them till there is demand,\" Patel said.Jay and Veeru are two scam-tainted politicians. Basanti is a certain lady with Italian origins on whose shoulders the responsibility of a political party has fallen. Thakur is Anna Hazare , whose arms are severed by Gabbar, who is shown as the boss of the UPA. In the climax, Gabbar is kicked by Thakur's 'panje ko laat' kick. This political parody has attracted large crowds.There is no need to herd people to a political gathering to listen to vitriol against the UPA. People can watch the CD in the comfort of their drawing rooms. They can even do so on their laptops and tablets as it is even available online. Each scene of the parody has been uploaded separately.A person involved with the making of the movie said that one should not be surprised if the movie reaches people beyond Vadodara. Patel said since elections were around the corner, all acts were seen in their context. \"We do something on these lines every year. When we were working on the movie, we never had election campaign in our mind,\" he added.But the presentation makes things more than evident. At the end of the movie there is a dialogue between Ganesha and Narad Muni with the latter saying that 'Narendra' may come to the aid of people in these trying times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595742", "title": "103 damaged notes of Rs500 recovered", "text": "NAGPUR: A bundle of Rs500 notes was recovered in damaged condition from a garbage heap at Pandurang Nagar, behind State Reserve Police Force camp, on Friday. Around 103 such notes were found in a burnt state.An alert citizen informed MIDC police about the notes on fire in the garbage heap. Cops rushed to the spot and doused the flames. Though the notes seem to be original, police have referred the matter to the Reserve Bank of India. MIDC police is investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "16600368", "title": "Now, enjoy Android apps on Windows", "text": "HOUSTON: Soon many of you will have a chance to add applications from the most popular mobile operating system, Android, to the most popular desktop system, Windows and enjoy technological marvel, thanks to the Chipmaker AMD and Bluestacks.Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) and BlueStacks have teamed up to let consumers run Android apps on their AMD-powered PCs.BlueStacks, creator of a Windows app that enables you to run Android apps on Windows, has joined forces with AMD to bring their cross-platform application to AMD-powered tablets and PCs.The two companies have teamed up to bring 500,000 mobile Android apps to Windows PCs through the AMD AppZone Player starting Thursday.AMD is also working with its partners to pre-load the the BlueStacks Android App Player on AMD-powered Windows 7 and 8 laptops, desktops, and tablets.If you don't want to wait for a new PC you can download the master Android on Windows app, AMD AppZone Player.Or, you can simply download an Android app from the AMD AppZone and it will automatically install the player in addition to the app.The partnership between BlueStacks and AMD, which has invested in the software company, focuses on optimising Android apps for AMD-powered Windows devices.While Intel-powered PCs can access Android apps through BlueStacks' original Windows software, the AppZone Player is optimized for AMD's GPU and APU technology.Manju Hegde, corporate VP of Heterogeneous Applications and Developer Solutions at AMD said, \"BlueStacks' cross-platform innovation bridges the Android and x86 application ecosystems, providing new opportunities for developers and better experiences for users.\"By collaborating with BlueStacks we are enabling software developers to more easily tap into the full capabilities of AMD's products, and providing millions of consumers with great experiences as they can now run Android apps on AMD powered devices.\"BlueStacks is an AMD Ventures-backed software company that enables Android apps to run on notebooks, desktops, all-in-one PCs, slates and tablets.BlueStacks was founded in 2009 by Rosen Sharma, is privately held and headquartered in Silicon Valley with global offices in India, Taiwan and Japan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16596257", "title": "55-year-old man dies of swine flu", "text": "PUNE: A 55-year-old man from Kothrud died of H1N1 influenza on Friday.\"The victim was immuno-compromised,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health (MoH) of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). \"He had been on anti-retroviral treatment and tested positive for swine flu. He died at Sahyadri Hospital at 7.26 am.\"The city's H1N1 death toll has reached 14 since April this year. Six other people also tested positive for swine flu on Friday. Of them, the condition of two patients, one from Jalgaon and another from Tekawade village (Khed taluka), is critical. \"Both of them are on ventilator support,\" Pardeshi said.The 46-year-old man from Jalgaon had fever, a dry cough and throat pain since September 22 and breathlessness from September 25. He consulted a doctor in Jalgaon who advised him to get admitted to hospital but he did not do so and his condition deteriorated.On September 25, he wanted to get admitted to hospital butwas advised to go to Pune for higher management. The patient got himself admitted at Ruby Hall Clinic. His throat swab was sent to the NIV and he tested positive for swine flu on September 28.The other critically ill patient, a 48-year-old man from Tekawade developed symptoms like fever, cough and weakness on September 21, and fever with chills from September 24.\"Both patients delayed consulting doctors. Delayed consultation results in delayed treatment and leads to deteriorating conditions,\" said Pardeshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16597475", "title": "All roads lead to chaos", "text": "Thanks to lack of planning and lackadaisical approach of authorities in meeting the deadlines, the development projects, which government started to improve the connectivity of city to the surrounding areas, have become a major cause of concern for commuters.Non-completion of as many as five projects has left the commuters high and dry in and around the vicinity of Ludhiana.And with authorities planning to introduce a few more projects including much touted metro project, the commuters travelling around the city are resenting.In fact worst affected are the commuters passing through the Samrala Chowk for Chandigarh where six lane project is under way. Besides there are host of other projects like the 'Lakarwala pul', railway over bridge near Lodhi club for linking the Ferozepur road with Pakhowal road and the road near Basant avenue.\"Every time I go to Chandigarh I spend considerable time crossing the stretch near Samrala Chowk due to traffic bottlenecks. While old projects have not been completed yet, government is now going ahead with the new ones,\" complained Sachin Kapoor, a businessman and a city resident.Dr Vivek Saggar, a resident of Country homes, who regularly commutes to Jalandhar and Chandigarh said, \"Already there is heavy traffic at Jagraon bridge as work on Lakkar pul is yet to be completed. Now we are hearing the government is planning to close the entrance to Country homes from Ferozepur road side because of upcoming project. This would lead to heavy traffic jams,\" he said.While the government is yet to show urgency in completion of projects, local authorities maintained that all efforts were being made to streamline the traffic and complete the projects.\"I do agree that there is a problem for the residents. But all efforts are being made to complete the pending projects by streamlining the work. It will be my earnest endeavour to plan the things with the officials in such a way that the public is exposed to minimum inconvenience,\" said Ludhiana Mayor, Harcharan Singh Gohalwaria.When contacted Commissioner Municipal Corporation, Ludhiana, RK Verma \"I have joined few months ago and my focus is on streamlining the work in the city so that the pending projects are completed in time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16598452", "title": "Why can't I get an honorary rank: Vijay Kumar", "text": "Shooter Vijay Kumar , who clinched a silver medal at the recent Games in London, reveals that his life post Olympics has been a string of felicitations, awards and even film offers. The army man returned to a rousing welcome back home. But, what he really wanted was recognition from the Indian army.'If Sachin and Dhoni can get an honorary rank, why not me?'Ask him about arm-twisting the Indian Army into giving him an out-of-turn promotion for his medal-winning feat and he says, \"It can get demoralizing if you are not recognized for your efforts. The Army has its own procedures and policies. But they gave an honorary rank to MS Dhoni and Sachin Tendulkar . I'm a serviceman, perhaps that's why I can't be given an honorary rank, but my achievement is equal to Sachin's and Dhoni's. If the Central government can offer me a post of a Class 1 officer, equivalent to an IAS officer, then why can't the Indian Army give me a rank?\"Showbiz vs sportsThe shooter hasn't ruled out the glamour of Bollywood, but isn't willing to give up shooting either. \"Sports comes first. Nobody has contacted me seriously, but time hoga tho mein spare karoonge, otherwise game karoonge.Rio mein gold?\"There'll always be ups and down in the game. I can't train my eyes on Rio and hope to get gold. Rio mein gold? It doesn't work like that,\" he laughs and adds, \"I have to qualify, make it to the final and try for the best.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16594733", "title": "Hike Osmania Medical College seats from next year: HC to MCI", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Friday directed the Medical Council of India (MCI) to sanction 50 additional MBBS seats to Osmania Medical College from the next academic year.The division bench comprising Justice V Eswaraiah and Justice N Ravi Shankar also directed the government to rectify the irregularities pointed out by the MCI by next year. The MCI informed the court that any step taken to introduce a new course or hike the number of seats has to be recognised by the Union by July 15. If an approval is granted after July 15, it shall only be operative for the following academic year and not for current year. The bench then directed it to sanction the additional strength from the next academic year.HC refuses to interfere in graft cases: Justice Raja Elango of the HC on Friday refused to interfere with the directions issued by the special judge for CBI cases who had asked that a voice test be conducted in a case booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act. The judge dismissed the petition filed by B N Singh, director (contracts) with the armed forces who is accused of demanding Rs 85,000 bribe to clear bills of the complainant Gurmail Singh. The petitioner had challenged an order made by the criminal court which had directed the conduct of voice test. The judge rejected the plea that the test would be in violation of the fundamental rights.Relief for techie: Justice Raja Elango of the high court on Friday stayed an order made by the XIII Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate impounding the passport of an NRI software engineer. The magistrate had made the order in a criminal case filed by the engineer's estranged wife. The engineer in his petition to the HC contended that the magistrate had no power to direct the impounding of the passport and that such power vested exclusively with the passport authorities. Admitting the petition, the judge stayed the order of the magistrate as also the consequential order of the passport authorities.Court refuses to 'govern state': The PIL bench of the HC on Friday refused permission in two cases that sought court's directions to the government to frame guidelines for the Ganesh immersion on Saturday and the Chalo Hyderabad Telangana protest march on Sunday. The bench comprising acting Chief Justice P C Ghose and Justice Vilas Afzulpurkar refused to permit the two urgent petitions and observed that the court would not go about governing the state.PCB told to submit reportThe PIL bench of the high court on Friday granted two weeks time to the AP State Pollution Control Board to submit a report on the steps it would take to check pollution of the Hussainsagar and other lakes, especially due to the immersion of Ganesh idols. The bench comprising acting Chief Justice PC Ghose and Justice Vilas Afzulpurkar also granted time to the amicus curiae to submit suggestions in this regard. The bench was hearing a batch of cases on the pollution of water bodies attributed to the immersion of idols. The cases were listed after a meeting of the representatives of civic bodies, PCB and organisers of Ganesh pandals on the directions of the court. It was pointed out at the meeting that the pollution in lakes due to the idols was far less than that due to the inflow of industrial waste.Collector's order set asideA division bench of the high court on Friday set aside the order of Kadapa district collector placing six persons under preventive detention on charges of smuggling red sanders. The preventive detention orders were challenged on the ground that the persons were in jail and therefore the question of them breaking law did not arise. Allowing the batch of petitions, the bench of Justice N V Ramana and Justice P Durga Prasad ruled that the mere plea of the possibility of the accused being released on bail was not sufficient ground to pass the order, more so in view of the fact that they had not even filed a bail application.With the detenues already being in jail, the apprehension for exercising the power of preventive detention was ill founded, the bench reasoned.AG assurance on sand quarry permitsJustice B Seshasayana Reddy of the high court on Friday took on record the assurance given by advocate general Sudarshan Reddy that the government would not grant temporary sand quarry permits till Wednesday. The AG gave the undertaking in a writ petition filed by some contractors contending that under the guise of such temporary permits, the government was violating the law which required prior permission from the ministry of environment and forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16600447", "title": "Prince Harry won't file lawsuit over naked pics", "text": "The royal family has said it would not lodge a complaint with the country's press watchdog over the publication of Prince Harry's naked photographs from Las Vegas.Pictures of the 27-year-old prince surfaced in August on a US gossip website and were later published by the Sun - the only British title to run the photos.Harry's office in St. James's Palace said the royals had decided not to pursue a formal complaint given the prince's current deployment in Afghanistan , Stuff.co.nz reported.It said it informed the Press Complaints Commission on Thursday.\"Prince Harry is currently focused entirely on his deployment in Afghanistan, so to pursue a complaint relating to his private life would not be appropriate at this time and would prove to be a distraction,\" a statement from the palace said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16594738", "title": "Ban on hookah bars in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The Indore district administration on Friday enforced a two-month ban on hookah bars and sheesha lounges to check alleged activities. Ban will remain in force till November 27.Additional district magistrate Alok Singh issued a prohibitory order under section 144 of IPC with immediate effect in entire revenue limits of Indore to ban hookah bars and sheesha lounges from September 27 to November 27. Officials said that any person or shop flouting the norms would be penalized under section 188. All the officials of the concerned departments have been asked to enforce the ban effectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "16594869", "title": "Dempo book Fed Cup final date with East Bengal", "text": "SILIGURI: Soon after Dempo SC's 2-0 victory against Salgaocar in the second semifinal of Federation Cup on Friday, Indian national coach Wim Koevermans got down from his seat to congratulate winning coach Armando Colaco.Three of the Dutchman's Nehru Cup winning squad played in the match, but his appreciation could also be linked to the fact that it's a triumph of the indigenous over a team, powered by foreign force.Karim Bencherifa's defending champions Salgaocar had the ambition, but Colaco's Dempo had the purpose and plan to pass through this intriguing test of intent and defiance, involving Goa's two finest teams.Following a cagey and anxious opening half, Colaco's I-League champions sparkled into life after the break, scoring through Joachim Abranches and Koko Sakibo in a span of 11 minutes and dealing a blow to Salgaocar's hopes. The defending champions' frustration at the turn of events was soon visible, when left-back Fulganco Cardozo earned his second yellow for a ghastly foul on Dempo's Cilmax Lawrence, leading to the former's dismissal in the 84th minute.The victory took Dempo to their fifth final in the competition, where they will now take on Trevor Morgan's East Bengal. Dempo's progress also means that both finalists will now represent India in the AFC Cup.For all the purpose and potency of Dempo, the pattern was quite different in the beginning. By fielding Australian Sean Rooney in the upfront and Namibian Quinton Jacobs as a support from behind, Bencherifa sent out a message of his intent. Salgaocar dominated, though not at the extent of giving it a look of monopoly.Fulganco had his shot blocked by a Dempo defender while Francisco Fernandes ballooned an opportunity over from the edge of the box.Dempo gradually regrouped and their threat came on the back of two Nehru Cup winners in the 37th minute. Luckily for Salgaocar, Clifford Miranda's right-footed punch off an Anthony Pereira free-kick ricocheted off the crosspiece.Woodwork came in the way of Dempo's ambitions again after the break when Joaquim's shot came back into play after hitting the inside of the bar.As Dempo started regaining composure, Bencherifa responded by sending Angel Guirado and hoping to use the Filipino's height in the rival box.But Dempo backline stayed alert to those aerial threats and then started constructing attacking moves down the flanks. They particularly picked Salgaocar left-back Fulganco as a weak link. Following such a pattern, the first goal in the 70th minute when Romeo Fernandes, who replaced captain Miranda in the second-half, got past the Salgaocar defender and sent in a perfect pass for Joaquim to come up with a smart finish.The conclusive blow came 11 minutes later, again exposing Salgaocar's left side of the box to Dempo's quicksilver movement. Nigerian Koko, the lone foreigner in Dempo side, took Salgaocar's Brazilian centre-back Luciano Sabroso in his stride before beating goalkeeper Karnajit Singh with a powerful shot.2-0 up and the contest was over for Salgaocar. Fulganco then poured his frustration on Climax for his red-card and confirmed Salgaocar's end of the journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16595238", "title": "Dancing Glances appeals most", "text": "PUNE: Altaf Hussain-trained Dancing Glances appeals most among seven contenders in the Nirmal Ruia Gold Trophy, the feature event of the Saturday's Pune Races. Enjoying a good handicap advantage, Dancing Glances, in the hands of Dashrath Singh, may win from Pesi Shroff's Cardinal, and Hormuz Antia's Star Trainer. There are eight races on Saturday with first starting at 1.30 pm.Selections1. Midori Plate-Div-II (1200m): Foxtrot 1, Rio Del Ray 2. 2. E d'Avoine Trophy (1600m): Asahi 1, O'princess 2. 3. Midori Plate-Div-I (1200m): Sizzling Love 1, Arabian Empire 2. 4. Fourth Estate Trophy (1400m): Justice 1, Set To Fly 2.5. Highland Rule Trophy (1600m): Capriole 1, Stromboli 2. 6. Nirmal Ruia Gold Trophy (1400m): Dancing Glances 1, Cardinal 2. 7. Pegasus Trophy (1800m): Lorelei 1, Mountain Force 2.8. Beyond Belief Plate (1200m): Za kynthos 1, King Julien 2. Day's best: Justice", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16595397", "title": "4 teachers suspended in school sodomy case", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti (NVS) on Friday suspended four teachers of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV) at Nayagarh, to ensure a fair probe into the alleged sexual harassment of students by a teacher. \"Four teachers were suspended after the Nayagarh administration found out that they had tried to hush up the sexual harassment allegation,\" NVS deputy commissioner (Bhopal) Mohd Kaleem told TOI.Kaleem said principal B Hussainappa was shifted to the JNV at Satna in Madhya Pradesh, perceived to be a difficult station. \"Action will be taken against those found guilty,\" Kaleem said.On September 24, NVS had attached the five teachers, including the principal, with the regional office in Bhopal. JNV Puri principal Manoj Das has been given additional charge of the Nayagarh school till further orders.Contract of the main accused teacher, who allegedly had unnatural sex with some boys, has been terminated by the school authorities after his arrest. \"We don't have to do anything with him. Law will take its course,\" the deputy commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16597146", "title": "Chidambaram takes \u2018pot shots\u2019 at CAG after Supreme Court order", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the Supreme Court opinion on allocation of natural resources, the government on Friday said constitutional authorities should bear in mind the apex court's view that auction was not the sole way to allocate scarce resources and the government had the mandate to decide policy issues.\"To an extent, the opinion of the Supreme Court says that auction is not a constitutional mandate or an enshrined constitutional principle in disposing of natural resources, I sincerely hope that all constitutional authorities in future will bear that in mind while discharging their constitutional function,\" finance minister P Chidambaram told a press conference when asked about the Comptroller &amp; Auditor General's suggestions that private players had gained because the government did not auction 2G spectrum or coal blocks.\"In a way, all of us are in a learning process. I think government learns and other constitutional authorities or parties are in learning process,\" the finance minister said while refusing to comment on the CAG , which had estimated the gain to the private sector from allocation of coal and spectrum at over Rs 3.5 lakh crore.The government, however, said it would go ahead with the auction of 2G spectrum vacated by 122 licence holders whose permits have been cancelled by the Supreme Court, as also allocate coal and lignite mines through the same route.While maintaining that the court's opinion in response to a presidential reference gave the government the mandate to decide policy based on the principle of common good, communications minister Kapil Sibal said investigating agencies and courts would act against those who violated the law or the policy. \"When it comes to its implementation, if there are any constitutional irregularities, the court will take a decision. I said this earlier also and now the Supreme Court has approved it.\"Chidambaram said, \"We should allow each department to apply the judgment. Broadly, if the government had accepted an economic policy and had entered into contracts based on that policy, those contracts would obviously stand unless somebody points out that there was irregularity or illegality in entering of that contract.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16597117", "title": "Favourite puja dishes to cost more in Steel City", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Posto dal, posto curry, prawn curry, prawn chips, sita bhog and other favourite dishes that are served with added flavors to the customers in the hotels here during the pujas shall now cost more.Hotels and restaurants in the Steel City have decided to increase the rate of lip-smacking dishes by 10% from the start of the festive season, thanks to increase of all-round increase in raw materials, especially in the fuel price.A few have planned to limit the hike to Puja special dishes, while majority of the hotels have agreed to a increase of all items. \"I agree that the price of the commercial LPG cylinder has not been hiked (by the government), but the increase in diesel price has had a cascading effect on other components of the economy owing to which the capital cost has gone up substantially,\" said Jamshedpur Hoteliers Association president Prabhakar Singh justifying the increase.A manager of a hotel in Bistupur that has decided to increase the rate in a phased manner said the items on the menu that were more in demand during the pujas would cost more. \"However, after the festive season, the entire menu will come at new (hiked) prices,\" said.The 60-odd hotels and recognized restaurants here attract a large chunk of revelers during the five days of Durga Puja celebrations and the hotel industry makes good business during this period.\"Jamshedpur, being an industrial town, the people here traditionally earn bonus salary from their respective companies on the eve of the pujas and this money tends to flow into the market during this period,\" said a member of the Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industry.People from adjoining towns also come here to enjoy the festival, believed to be the most celebrated festival of the Steel City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16600113", "title": "Clean &amp; Clear Lucknow Times Fresh Face 2012 contest at BBD, Lucknow", "text": "Now that the word is out about the Clean &amp; Clear Lucknow Times Fresh Face 2012 contest, organized in association with Radio Mirchi 98.3 FM, happening across Lucknow colleges, it wasn't a surprise when there was a stupendous 800 plus entries that were received from eager participants at the Babu Banarsi Das Institute of Technology and Management.Emcee Maddy and DJ Nik had them all pepped up as they walked the ramp in the introductory round. Most of the participants ended up singing songs with Justin Mathews taking the lead. Pravin Kanaujiya did things differently by perfroming a mimicry, while Berij Nandan Singh's selfcomposed poem earned him a resounding applause.The crowd had already earmarked the winners and a loud cheer rent the air as Justin Mathews was declared the winner along with Priyanka Bisht. The first runners up title was shared by Ayush Kumar Singh and Shweta Verma while Saket Kumar and Akriti Khera were crowned the second runners up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16596694", "title": "Buddhist marvels yet to be declared World Heritage", "text": "VARANASI: The main objective of the three-day International Buddhist Conclave, which will see the participation of delegates from several countries, people associated with tourism, and Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) officials is to promote Buddhist Circuit in India.It therefore goes without saying that proper conservation and development of ancient sites of Buddhist importance in will be the integral part of the promotion of Buddhist Circuit. Sarnath and Kushinagar in Uttar Pradesh are the main hub of Buddhist Circuit in India. Unfortunately, however, none of the Buddhist sites from the state could be included in the UNESCO World Heritage List.The ancient Buddhist site of Sarnath has secured a place in the Tentative List of UNESCO World Heritage in 1998 in cultural category, but has been in the same list ever since\"There is no progress in this regard,\" admitted PK Tripathi, the conservation assistant at the ASI unit of Sarnath, when contacted on Friday. According to records, the ASI submitted the property in the Tentative List of UNESCO on July 3, 1998. A Tentative List is an inventory of those properties, which each State Party intends to consider for nomination. States Parties are encouraged to submit their Tentative Lists, properties which they consider to be cultural and/or natural heritage of outstanding universal value and therefore suitable for inscription on the World Heritage List.The visiting delegates from Buddhist countries would be taken to Sarnath for a visit to the ancient sites and archaeological museum on Saturday. In the Tentative List, it was submitted that the monuments in Sarnath are divided into two groups- Chaukhandi Stupa under Group 'A' and all other monuments at the sites like Stupas, monasteries, and temples under Group 'B'. Chaukhandi Stupa is a lofty brick structure crowned with an octagonal tower. The octagonal tower is a Mughal monument built by Goverdhan, the son of Raja Todarmal in 1588 AD to commemorate the visit of Humayun to this place. The second group, which contains remains of several stupas, monasteries and Ashoka column are built in brick and stone and datable from the 3rd century BC to 12th century AD, forms the major and important segment of the site. The Ashoka column, Dharamrajika stupa, Dhameka stupa, the remains of the temple and a series of monasteries and stupas are the most important remains of the site.It may be mentioned here that the Mahabodhi Temple Complex at Bodh Gaya in neighbouring Bihar and Buddhist Monuments at Sanchi are already included in the UNESCO World Heritage List. The foreign delegates would also go to Bodh Gaya to visit the Mahabodhi Temple on Sunday.According to UNESCO report, states parties are encouraged to prepare their Tentative Lists with the participation of a wide variety of stakeholders, including site managers, local and regional governments, local communities, NGOs and other interested parties and partners. They should submit Tentative Lists, which should not be considered exhaustive, to the World Heritage Centre, at least one year prior to the submission of any nomination. States Parties are encouraged to re-examine and re-submit their Tentative List at least every ten years. Nominations to the World Heritage List will not be considered unless the nominated property has already been included on the State Party's Tentative List.The World Heritage List includes 962 properties forming part of the cultural and natural heritage, which the World Heritage Committee considers as having outstanding universal value. These include 745 cultural, 188 natural and 29 mixed properties in 157 States Parties. The UNESCO seeks to encourage the identification, protection and preservation of cultural and natural heritage around the world considered to be of outstanding value to humanity. This is embodied in an international treaty- the Convention concerning the Protection of the World Cultural and Natural Heritage adopted by UNESCO in 1972.Conclave delegates arriveDelegates from several countries arrived in the city on Friday to participate in the three-day International Buddhist Conclave organised by UP Tourism in collaboration with the union ministry of tourism.The foreign delegates visited the majestic riverfront and watched Ganga Aarti at Dashashwamedh Ghat in the evening.The conclave will be formally inaugurated by the UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav at a hotel in Nadesar area on Saturday.Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahai will preside over the inaugural function, which will be followed by opening of an exhibition, a panel discussion on 'Buddhist pilgrimage in India,' and a presentation by representatives of participating state governments.Delegates from different countries including Japan, Korea, Taiwan, China, Hong Kong, Vietnam , Cambodia, Sri Lanka, Bhutan, Nepal, the Netherlands, Belgium, United Kingdom, Hungry, Serbia, Italy, Spain, US, Canada, South Africa , Australia and New Zealand are taking part in the conclave.On Saturday, the delegates will visit Sarnath's Buddhist monuments, sites and archaeological museum.The tourism department has also organised a cultural programme at Sarnath in which noted artist Mallika Sarabhai and her troupe would stage a dance-drama -'In His Foot Steps' -a ballet dedicated to Buddha's life, philosophy and teachings.On Sunday, a workshop on 'Linking tourism potential of future Buddhist tourism in India' will be held at the conclave. Later, the delegation would depart for Bodh Gaya where the conclave would conclude on October 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595548", "title": "Plan to ban pvt vehicles in Tadoba, Nagzira", "text": "NAGPUR: To keep a tab on rowdy tourists, the wildlife wing of the forest department is planning to phase out entry of private vehicles in Tadoba-Andhari, Pench tiger reserves and Nagzira wildlife sanctuary in the second phase. The three parks are most visited parks by tourists for tigers.\"We plan to introduce 18-20 seater canter-type vehicles besides allowing only local vehicles registered with the department,\" said SWH Naqvi, principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) for wildlife, Maharashtra.\"Initially, the scheme will be implemented at Moharli gate where there is rush. Later, it will be introduced at Kolara. Tourists will have to park their vehicles outside the gates,\" Naqvi added.\"While registering the gypsies only locals will be considered. All will depend on availability of vehicles. In Moharli, many locals have gypsies. If the number of registered vehicles exceed, we will introduce rotation system,\" Naqvi said.Plans are afoot to implement the proposal this season, subject to availability of canters, which will be operated by private players due to high cost of vehicles. Forest department will depute the drivers and guides in these vehicles to ensure there are no violations. An earlier experiment of operating a mini bus for tourists has already failed in Tadoba.\"We will give preference to eco-development committees (EDCs) while operating such vehicles. The tents for tourists at Moharli will also be run by the EDCs now,\" Naqvi said.To a question, the PCCF made it clear that businessmen or private players from outside won't be allowed to influence the locals in case of registering vehicles. \"We will verify credentials of local persons and papers of vehicles before registering with us,\" he added.With the introduction of these steps, it seems there will be high-end tourism in Nagzira, TATR and Pench, a fact which Naqvi denies.The tiger conservation foundations (TCFs) in three tiger reserves have already been allowed to increase gate fee during weekends and holidays. However, in the new scheme of things, the fee structure of vehicles will be decided by the field directors of the reserves.Meanwhile, no big change is expected in TATR routes in case the Supreme Court allows tourism in 20% of the core areas of tiger reserves as pleaded by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF). As per the management plan, tourism in TATR is within 20% area.Parks to reopen from Oct 15Nagzira, Bor, New Bor, Umred-Kharangla, Mansinghdeo, Tipeshwar and wildlife sanctuaries and Navegaon national park which were expected to reopen from October 1, will now open from October 15. Due to recent heavy rains, roads have been damaged and washed away at some places. The funds cleared by the state has not reached the respective sanctuaries hence road repair work would take time. Fate of Tadoba and Pench will depend on Supreme Court decision on October 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595449", "title": "Ganesha's farewell holds promise of return", "text": "MUMBAI: Ganesh devotees will bear the bittersweet pain of parting as they lead the deity for immersion on Anant Chaturdashi on Saturday. Hymns played this day reflect how the lord's every feature indicates perfection, be it his big ears that listen keenly or his small mouth that speaks little, indeed his pearly handwriting that scripted the 'Mahabharat', the world's longest poem, upon Ved Vyas's request.Explaining why immersion is a necessary ritual, New Delhi's Pt Ravindra Nagar says, \"Lord Ganesh is believed to come from the sea so he chooses to return to it. He symbolizes intellect, and it is seen that people who retain their intellect tend to develop an egotistical attitude over time. The act of 'visarjan' teaches the faithful to sacrifice pride at the altar of devotion.\" Pt Nagar also explains why the idol is bathed in 'panchamrit', a blend of milk, curd, ghee, honey and sugar. \"Milk symbolises progeny, curd health, ghee prosperity, honey sweetness of speech and sugar altruism. We pray that the lord confer these blessings upon us,\" he says.Old-time mandals that preserve the ethos of Ganeshotsav will conduct a traditional 'visarjan'. Leading by example, the residents of Keshavji Naik chawl in Girgaum take out a 'palkhi' procession with 500 people walking barefoot beside their lord until the immersion point at Chowpatty.\"This year our own boys will play the dhol and lezim through the two-hour journey. We carry saffron flags and the palanquin is bedecked with flowers and lights. A small bulb focusses light on the face of the deity,\" says mandal member Vinod Satpute.Also in Girgaum, the 97-year-old celebration of the Ambewadi Ganesh will see 250 residents turn out for 'visarjan' at 10pm. Ambewadi's idol has remained a modest 3-ft since inception and the rituals and ceremonies have been handed down from generations.The grand processions of Ganesh Gully, Lalbaugcha Raja and Tejukaya along Lalbaug last many hours and draw spectators along the routeto Girgaum Chowpatty. The police force is on full alert with vacations cancelled. In fact, the officers and constables of Santa Cruz police colony who are celebrating their golden jubilee Ganeshotsav have assigned the 'visarjan' to their wives and children for they will be manning their posts citywide. Traffic wardens who perform voluntary service this day have been allotted their posts at various immersion points.The eyes mist over as the chants of 'Pudhchya varshi lavkar ya!' reverberate at the seashore. However, as Pt Nagar says, the Lord's farewell bears the promise of return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "16597573", "title": "50 Indian vehicles return to Raxaul from Birganj", "text": "MOTIHARI: On the third day of movement launched by the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist), led by MohanVaidya, against the plying of vehicles from India in Nepal, around 50 trucks and tourists vehicles returned to Raxaul in Bihar from Birganj customs checkpost of Nepal.Hundreds of Indian vehicles are stranded at different places in cities of southern Nepal for the last three days. However, there has been no report of vehicles being attacked by the agitationists, Birganj police said.Pampha Bhusal, spokesman of CPN (Maoist),a breakaway faction of the ruling Maoist Party headed by Mohan Vaidya said this movement will end Nepal's dependence on India. The party has asked all the vehicles bearing Indian registration number to leave Nepal and has also imposed a ban on Indian movies, he added. This movement was launched on September 26 and will continue till November 25, he added. This move of CPN (Maoist) will adversely affect the Indian tourists inflow in Nepal during Dusherra festival in October. Health minister of Nepal Rajendra Mahato, at his press meet at Itihari in Nepal on Thursday criticized the CPN (Maoist) Vaidya faction for imposing the ban. hicles and Hindi films in the name of nationalism even as Hindi is the one of major languages of Madheshi people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16596511", "title": "New schools to be set up for child labourers", "text": "KANPUR: The labour department plans to set up new schools for child labourers on the basis of a recent survey and has decided to run the institutions with the help of non government organisations.According to deputy labour commissioner Virendra Yadav, the process for opening the new schools would begin in October. The department had earlier asked the social work department at Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj university to conduct a survey, which identified as many as 4000 child labourers in the city.The department has been running such schools in the city with the help of NGOs under the National Child labour abolition project since 2000.This scheme will be closed after 12 years on September 30, 2012. Departmental sources revealed that schools running in Shastri nagar, Chaman Ganj, and Deputy ka Parao would be closed on the basis of new survey report. The survey found no child labourers in these areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16595667", "title": "Absence of zonal heads lowers enthusiasm level of Cong meet", "text": "LUCKNOW: Friday proved to be awkward for the state Congress leader, as barring one zonal president, rest of the seven presidents did not turn up at the UPPC headquarters for the much-hyped meeting of the newly appointed zonal presidents, UPCC chief Nirmal Khatri and the CLP leader in UP Vidhan Sabha Pradeep Mathur. With only one zonal president, Raja Ram Pal, showing up, Khatri clarified that there was no meeting scheduled for the zonal presidents on Friday. \"The zonal presidents have been delegated responsibilities, which they are attending to. Today's meeting was only between the elected representatives, CLP leader and me,\" Khatri said.In the maiden meeting between elected representatives and the Congress chief, MLAs expressed dissatisfaction over the level of interaction between the party's elected representatives and the state government. They also said that though as many as 16 central government schemes are operational in UP, many schemes, like PMGSY for rural roads and NEDA schemes for solar electrification, among others, are being implemented without taking local leaders into confidence. Several Congress MLAs also complained about the lack of support from party's senior leaders, especially while leading local level protests. A Congress MLA from East UP said, \"If senior party leaders participate in our regional campaigns, like it is done in other parties, it will send out a good message to the party cadre.\"Reacting to grievances voiced by the MLAs, Khatri said that the CLP and Congress party were both committed to the cause of the workers. He also said the party would ensure better co-ordination between the MLAs and the government. Mathur also said the party has decided to hold such meeting of the MLAs once in every two months.Reiterating the party's stand on the controversial FDI and coal block allocation issues, Khatri asked MLAs to defend the UPA's stand and clear the air on untruths being spread by the opposition parties. He also said that zonal presidents have been instructed to restructure the Congress party at district and block levels within a period of two months.In an action-packed day in the Congress camp with meetings of the frontline organisations and flagship committees, the party also sent out a strong indication that all is not yet lost for former UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi in UP. Confirming that all flagship committees appointed by Joshi during her term as UPCC president will continue in office until further notice, Khatri put an end to rumours of Joshi's diminishing stature within the party. On Thursday, Joshi tendered her resignation as member of the Women and Child Development Joint Committee in the state legislature citing paucity of time.Opposing the state government's decision to reduce the tenure of cooperative committees to two years, UPCC president Nirmal Khatri and CLP leader Pradeep Mathur made a representation to Governor BL Joshi.Speaking to reporters, Khatri said the party is opposed to the arbitrary reduction in tenure of the cooperative committees. \"According to the Constitutional provisions, the tenure of these committees should be five years. At present, the committees in UP are formed for three years. Now the government wants to reduce the term, once again, to two years. We are opposed to this repeated change in term,\" Khatri said.Lucknow: Commenting on the performance of the Samajwadi Party government six months after they were voted to power, UPCC president Nirmal Khatri said it is \"unfortunate\" that the Uttar Pradesh government has not fulfilled its electoral promises and had failed in improving the law and order and power conditions in the state. \"Except one or two promises, the state government has not been able to live up to the expectations of the people. The outbreak of lawlessness, often even communal violence has, in fact, made development a secondary concern,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16597705", "title": "Vanitha Vana to make way for international swimming pool", "text": "MANGALORE: Women in the city were a happy lot when on August 22, 2011 the Mangalore City Corporation and the district administration gifted them an exclusive park - K Vanitha Vana - where they can be themselves and spend their leisure time in peace without uncomfortable stares and comments . However, it appears that their happiness is short-lived. A proposal has been sent to the department of youth welfare and sports for developing the place into an international swimming pool.The park which stood on an acre of land near Hat Hill had pavements, concrete chairs and lush greenery for women to spend their leisure time without bothering about eve-teasers. The haven for women changed in to a den for miscreants within one year because of poor maintenance. It has become a sad picture of lackadaisical attitude of the authorities concerned. The hopes of women to rejuvenate at the park have been shattered following the proposal.Mangalore South MLA N Yogish Bhat told TOI that the government is yet to take a decision on the proposal \"No decision has been taken regarding the estimate and design of the proposed swimming pool,\" he added.Meanwhile, women activists and organizations are gearing up to launch a campaign to save the only women's park in the city. Activist Sharada Achar said that all women in the city will join hands in the fight if the government goes ahead with the project. \"The park should be retained and other infrastructure should be provided to promote activities for women,\" she added.Citizens' Forum for Mangalore Development coordinator Vidya Dinker said that women stopped using the park as it is not maintained properly.\"The forum along with MSW students of St Aloysius College had cleaned the park on March 8 as part of Women's Day celebrations. However, it has been neglected thereafter by the authorities,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16598666", "title": "CM Tarun Gogoi makes aerial survey of flood affected areas", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Friday made an aerial survey of flood-affected districts of the state, including Kaziranga National Park and river island Majuli, and reviewed the prevailing situation with ministers and senior officials of the districts.Gogoi made the survey of flood-hit Morigaon, Darrang, Sonitpur, Lakhimpur and Dhemaji districts, besides the severely-affected Kaziranga National Park and the world's largest river island, Majuli, official sources said.The chief minister directed the district authorities to leave no stone unturned in providing all possible help to the flood-affected people and asked the ministers to closely monitor the situation to ensure that each and every affected person got relief material.\"We have to reach out to the flood-affected people and provide succour to them in their hour of need,\" he said.The government's top priority was to rescue the marooned people and provide relief material to the affected, he said.He directed the district authorities to ensure supply of tarpaulin, bleaching powder, phenyl and other relief material to the affected and to ensure safe drinking water by installing tube wells.The chief minister also directed the administration to keep sufficient number of country boats ready for rescue and relief operations.In Morigaon, the chief minister, accompanied by minister for Food and Civil Supplies Nazrul Islam and minister for fisheries Basanta Das, interacted with the inmates of Manaha Santipur relief camp and Jhargaon relief camp.The chief minister would also undertake an aerial survey of flood-hit areas of Sibsagar, Dibrugarh and Tinsukia districts and hold review meetings with district administrations of Dibrugarh and Tinsukia on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596645", "title": "Mass transfer of traffic policemen causes ripples", "text": "CHENNAI: The mass transfer of policemen from three traffic police stations in the city has caused ripples among personnel in the department, already reeling under a severe manpower shortage.As many as 20 traffic policemen from Madipakkam were transferred in one day last week, bringing the actual strength to less than 10 now. The area, where at least 85 accidents were reported this month, is facing a severe staff shortage. Several signals in the area remain unmanned.The Poonamallee and Manali traffic stations, where more than 15 personnel each were transferred, face a similar situation. The traffic congestion has increased and the number of road accidents has gone up, sources said.There are more than 18 areas, including Pazhavanthangal, Pallikaranai and Meenambakkam, under the Madipakkam traffic station and as many as 50 schools functioning within its limits. In the Poonamallee traffic station limits, covering 15 areas and including 20 schools, the number of fatal and non-fatal accidents has touched 90. In accident-prone areas like Manali and Ennore, the situation is worse.The decrease in the number of police personnel has led to more pressure on those remaining and they are inevitably overworked, having to man roads during peak and non-peak hours.\"In places like Manali, the number of lorry movements is very high and many policemen are required to regulate traffic. Lorry drivers are known to travel at high speeds on these roads,\" said Mahalingam (name changed), a traffic policeman in Manali.According to sources, in 2008 when the suburban police commissionerate existed, there were at least 35 policemen in the Madipakkam traffic station. This number was reduced after the merger and now it has been brought down further.\"With the existing strength, the policemen will also have to manage VIP visits and other traffic related issues near the airport,\" a policeman said.Whenever there is a VVIP visit, busy stretches are left unmanned and motorists tend to flout rules resulting in road accidents, said a motorist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16597033", "title": "Passports to cost more from October 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Friday raised normal passport fee by Rs 500 and Tatkal passport fee by Rs 1,000. While normal passport will now be available for Rs 1,500, the cost of Tatkal passport will go up to Rs 3,500.For citizens living abroad, the revised fee would be $75 (from $40) and euro 60 (from euro 48) for normal applications.The new rates will be applicable from October 1. The last time rates were revised was in 2012.During the last few years, MEA has been engaged in comprehensive reforms in delivery of passport services as envisioned under Passport Seva Project - a citizen-centric e-governance initiative as part of the National e-Governance Plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16596169", "title": "Two substations to come up in Lalitpur", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav laid the foundation of two 33/11 KV power distribution sub-stations and a 220 KV transmission sub-station in Lalitpur to improve power supply in the district.He also inspected unit-5 of 250 MW in Parichha. Yadav told power officials to ensure that the plant generates 80% and 90% of its installed capacity by the end of October and November respectively. The CM also directed the officials to set up a supervisory control and data acquisition scheme in Jhansi for an improved power supply to the city.He also warned the officials to ensure that the quality of transformers are not compromised. Principal secretary (energy), Anil Kumar Gupta said that the department was in the process of putting in place an annual maintenance contract system for better maintenance of power infrastructure. At a review meeting held here, the chief minister agreed to the initiative.The meeting was attended by accompanying officials including chief minister's principal secretary Rakesh Garg, the IIDCand MD of Dakhshinanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Ltd, O P Jain along with other senior officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16596496", "title": "Recommendations can\u2019t stall plant commissioning: Atomic Energy Regulatory Body", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Atomic Energy Regulatory Body (AERB) told the Supreme Court on Friday that its 17 critical safety recommendations for Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant were meant to equip the plant to withstand a Fukushima-type disaster but were not critical for conducting commissioning activities like fuel loading.\"The said recommendations are only in the nature of secondary or multi-tier backup which cannot justifiably put on hold the initial fuel loading and further commissioning of the plant,\" the AERB said in an affidavit before the court.\"The recommendations of the high level committee's report are basically aimed to address the measures to be taken by way of abundant precaution in the event of an unforeseen event like the one which happened in Fukushima and is not critical to conducting any commissioning activities,\" it said.A petition had alleged that the government had implemented only seven of the 17 safety recommendations given by the expert body and requested that commissioning work of the plant should be stopped till all measures were implemented.However, Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL) had told a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra on Thursday that KNPP was already safe enough to handle Fukushima-type disasters and had in-built safety measures against tsunami and other natural disasters as well as terrorist attacks.Except for a small variance - NPCIL saying that the plant was ready to handle Fukushima-type disasters and AERB saying its 17 recommendations would equip the plant to face Fukushima-type disasters - both AERB and NPCIL were one in arguing that the 17 recommendations were not a pre-condition for the fuel loading process, which is being carried out now.AERB said project manager NPCIL had assured that all 17 safety recommendations would be fully complied, but \"implementation of these was not a condition precedent for permission to load fuel\".It said the major stages of commissioning of the nuclear plant were hot run, initial fuel loading, first approach to criticality, low power physics experiment and power raising in stages.\"At present the stage of hot run has been completed and initial fuel loading has started. It is submitted that the safety features which are already in place are themselves sufficient for initial fuel loading and further commissioning of the plant and that the 17 recommendations are only by way of an abundant precaution,\" the regulatory body said.The court had been anxious to know whether all safety measures would be in place before making the plant operational so that it posed no threat to people. On Thursday, it had said it would not hesitate to order stoppage of work if it was found deficient in safety aspects. However, attorney general G E Vahanvati, solicitor general R F Nariman and additional solicitor general Mohan Parasaran had assured the court that enough safety measures were already in place to continue with the work towards commissioning.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16597222", "title": "Jharkhand Staff Selection Commission to hold exam in Gumla on Sunday", "text": "GUMLA: A total of 3,108 candidates will appear for the combined secretariat services examination - preliminary test (PT) of the Jharkhand Staff Selection Commission (JSSC) in the district to be held on Sunday.For the first time the district have been made centre for such examinations.Six examination centres have been set up at SS Girls' High School, SS +2 High School, St Patrick High School, Gumla, St Ignatius High School, Lutheran High School and Ursuline Convent Girls High School, Gumla. Each centre will have a patrolling magistrate and police officer along with an observer. The centre observer will act as the representative of JSSC for each examination centre, said DDC cum district nodal officer of secretariat services competitive examination, Punai Oraon.Each centre will be able to seat a fixed number of students for the examination. It is 372 for Lutheran High School, 360 for SS Girls High School, 396 for SS +2 High School, 816 for St Ignatius High School, 492 for St Patrick High School and 672 for Ursuline Convent Girls High School.BDOs and COs have been deputed as patrolling magsistrates while district level senior government officers have been made centre observers, Oraon said. Meanwhile, the candidates are still seen at internet cafes in Gumla downloading their admit cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16597270", "title": "Raj Bhavan initiates probe into Nilamber Pitamber University affairs", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Raj Bhavan has issued a notification, for a judicial probe into the functioning of the Daltonganj based Nilamber Pitamber University (NPU), which reached the Palamu civil court Wednesday evening. Court sources said Raj Bhavan had first sent a missive in this regard to the registrar general of the high court in Ranchi.Sources also said the principal secretary to governor has asked the registrar general to first apprise the chief justice of NPU and it's functioning so that the service of the principal district and sessions judge Palamu, Vishnu Kant Sahay can be provided for the probe.Sahay has confirmed the receipt of the missive. The probe would be completed in a month's time and the report submitted to Raj Bhavan, court sources said.Raj Bhavan has initiated this probe on the basis of complaints lodged by NPU pro vice-chancellor Ramesh K Pandey against vice-chancellor Firoz Ahmad, Sahay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595502", "title": "Heritage list deadline extended", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has so far received around 5,000 suggestions and objections on the draft heritage list. \"Owing to the response and the number of holidays in the current and coming week the last date to respond on the draft list has been extended to October 6,\" said municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte.This is the second extension made by the civic body. Earlier, it was August 31, but due to the low response and lack of awareness about the list within the public was the reason the deadline was extended to September 30.\"Taking into consideration the number of holidays in this week and next week ,we have decided to revise the date till October 6,\"said municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte, Kunte also added that there has been immense response to the proposed heritage.The draft list which was first made in 1991 and later updated in 2007 have a total of 948 new structures and 47 precincts. This list in addition to the 500 structures and 15 precincts that are already under the heritage cover.There has been mixed reactions to the list with politicians wanting the list to be scrapped and citizens and locals wanting their properties in the heritage list with a few incentives so that it becomes easy for them to maintain the structures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16594640", "title": "Five-year-old sexually abused before murder", "text": "INDORE: Five-year-old Shivani, who was killed by her foster parent couple on Wednesday night was also made the victim of natural and unnatural sex abuse. Superintendent of Police (SP, east), OP Tripathi said as per the post- mortem report, the girl was victimised of natural and unnatural sex and police charged her foster father under relevant sections for assaulting the baby sexually. Both the accused husband and wife (Rajesh Sengar and Bebi Sengar) were arrested from their residence at Rajiv Awas Vihar, once their role was proved in the post-mortem report.\"The couple had adopted the girl from a resident of Auraiya district in Uttar Pradesh.\" The SP said that Rajesh was noticed by local people carrying a baby in a bag on Wednesday night. However, Rajesh tried misleading cops saying that he was going to a local hospital for treatment. But, he was probably carrying the body of Shivani with the purpose of disposing it at a deserted place.The body was later sent to MY Hospital for post-mortem which confirmed that Shivani died of multiple injuries, including injuries on head. She had been suffocated also, the SP added. The couple were booked under sections 302 ( murder), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 376 (rape), 377 (unnatural sex) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC, and were produced before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "16597842", "title": "Four crushed to death in Saran dist", "text": "CHHAPRA: A city bus crushed four persons to death at Nagra Bazaar in Saran district on Friday. Two persons were seriously injured in the accident.According to eyewitnesses, Gopal city ride bus, coming from Mashrakh to Chhapra, first knocked a man near Nagra Bazaar after which the driver lost control over the steering wheel and crushed four persons who were watching the 'Mahaviri Jhanda' on the roadside.The deceased were identified as Ganesh Singh (65) of village Damodarpur under Nagra PS, Mira Kumari (12) of Raipura under Garkha PS, Sunil Kumar Singh (45) of village Ishuapur under the same PS and Kishori Devi (45) of Siswa under Nagra PS. Driver Om Prakash of village Marahian under Sadar block was said to be driving the bus in a drunken state. An angry crowd thrashed him before handing him over to the police. The agitated crowd blocked the traffic on the road after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "surajkund", "code": "16595684", "title": "Lok Sabha elections will be held before 2014, Advani says", "text": "SURAJKUND: BJP veteran LK Advani on Friday told his party that Lok Sabha elections could be held earlier than 2014 as there was immense \"public anger\" against the UPA government and people were eager for a change. However, he cautioned the party against expecting that it would be considered a \"credible alternative\".Advani did some \"plain speaking\" while winding up the three-day national executive and national council meet, saying the rank and file should be above board on issues of corruption and discipline, which used to be the BJP's USP, to be able to rise to the people's expectation.He also told the party leadership at all levels to speak in one voice. \"When we criticize the Congress on corruption and there is even a whiff of corruption in our party, there is so much noise. We should expect the same firm treatment to our own people,\" he said.\"Our USP has been that we are honest, patriots and disciplined. If there is any shortcoming on these aspects, people criticize us. The BJP leadership at all levels must speak in one voice. We must ruthlessly put down the tendency to speak in multiple voices,\" he added.Emphasizing that BJP was known as a party committed to probity in politics and governance and there should be no compromise on this, the veteran said people were keen on \"over-throwing the corrupt\" UPA government which was not likely to complete its full term.\"People's perception of a party is often much more important than the reality,\" Advani said. He said city corporations were the ones where corruption was noticed even before it became visible in state governments. \"We have to be fully cautious,\" he warned, adding that the anger of people against the UPA government would turn into support for BJP only if it appeared as a \"credible alternative\".\"Sections of the media say there is anger against the Congress but BJP may not be up to it to replace them ... The perception should be that if BJP is in power anywhere, there will be no corruption there ... There is a big opportunity now,\" Advani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16596364", "title": "Woman booked for trying to dispose female foetus", "text": "NOIDA: In a case of suspected illegal abortion, the Gautam Budh Nagar district hospital has lodged a complaint with the Noida police against a woman for allegedly trying to dispose off a five-month-old female foetus. The woman was apprehended by the chief medical superintendent of the hospital on Friday afternoon when she was about to throw the foetus, which was wrapped in an old newspaper, into the dustbin. Hospital authorities suspect that diagnostic centres around the hospital are conducting unauthorized pre-natal sex determination tests as several women have come to the hospital for abortions in the recent past.The incident occurred around 2.15pm when the medical superintendent, Dr Ashok Mishra, was leaving the hospital after his day's work along with his wife, Dr Meena Mishra. \"We suddenly spotted a woman hurrying towards the exit gate. She was carrying a newspaper-wrapped parcel. My wife questioned the woman, Reshma and found the packet stained with blood. Reshma said she was carrying soiled clothes and was going to dispose them,\" Mishra said.The CMS added that they found out that her sister-in-law, Saba, was admitted in the hospital's labour room. When they examined the packet they found that it contained a dead female foetus.Meena Mishra, a gynaecologist at the district hospital, said Saba had consulted her two days ago and requested for an abortion. \"I refused as the foetus was 5 months old. When I confronted Saba again when I took Reshma to the labour room and examined her, the foetus was no longer in Saba's womb,\" Dr Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16597034", "title": "Two persons found murdered in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Two persons were found murdered in the case on Friday. In the first incident, a 32-year-old army jawan, Ashu Singh aka Anshoo, a native of Bikaner was found murdered near CMP Dott-Bridge railway track in Georgetown on early Friday.Georgetown police-outpost in charge Shambu Tiwari said Ashu was hit with a sharp-edged weapon on his head. He also added that the killers also defaced Ashu's face to conceal his identity.In the second incident, body of a youth, Mahendra, a resident of Sarayinayat, was found near Nai Jhunsi area on Friday morning. Police said sharp-edged weapon was used to kill him. The youth worked at a local liquor shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16597038", "title": "Red Ribbon Express chugs into Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Red Ribbon Express, started to spread awareness on HIV/AIDS, arrived at Allahabad Junction on Friday. A large number of citizens, including children, visited the train which, apart from spreading awareness, is also aimed at dispelling myths on HIV/AIDS.A programme was organiaed at the Junction on Friday on the arrival of Red Ribbon Express. Speaking as the chief guest, SP MP Reoti Raman Singh said there is a need for creating awareness on AIDS in both urban and rural areas. This awareness programme should be given shape of a national struggle so that people can get information. He also urged the media to spread awareness among people. Singh said there should be a ward for HIV patients in the Medical College with all required facilities. Divisional commissioner Divesh Chaturvedi stressed on the different aspects of HIV/AIDS and laid impetus on creating awareness regarding this disease.District magistrate Rajshekhar said the Red Ribbon Express is a symbol of Indian unity and constitutes one of the major awareness campaigns.Chief medical officer Dr Padmakar Singh gave information on the measures being taken for controlling AIDS. In the programme, DTO Dr OP Shahi and additional chief medical officer (NHRM) Dr. Chandan Lal were also present.Earlier, general manager of North central Railway Alok Johri inaugurated the train with the cutting of ribbon. Divisional railway manager of Allahabad division Harendra Rao was also present.Dr Kartikey Tripathi, HIV consultant at CHC Soraon, who told the visitors about the train, said: \"We are trying to dispel myths on HIV/AIDS. We are telling them that HIV virus spread in four ways - through sexual contact with HIV positive person, pregnant HIV infected woman to her child, through infected blood and needle.\"Ajay Kumar , a visitor, said: \"We are happy that through this train we are getting valuable information. We have seen the kind of stigma attached to the fatal disease. This has made me even more curious about AIDS.\"The train is stationed at the VIP side of Allahabad railway junction near the Line Shah Baba. It will remain open for public on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "on his two-day visit to bundelkhand for distributing kanya vidya dhan and unemployment allowance to the youth in the region, chief minister akhilesh yadav spoke to toi's arindam ghosh about his six months in power. excerpts", "code": "16596131", "title": "'Our greatest achievement is that we are on the right track'", "text": "On his two-day visit to Bundelkhand for distributing Kanya Vidya Dhan and unemployment allowance to the youth in the region, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav spoke to TOI's Arindam Ghosh about his six months in power. Excerpts:What are the main achievements of your government in the six months?Our greatest achievement is that we are on the right track. Work has started across sectors -- power, infrastructure, education and health. We are committed to giving our best in these fields and live up to the expectations of the common man. Very soon, everyone will see the results.How do you plan to manage the acute power shortage?It is difficult to ascertain the demand of power in UP because there are many villages that are not electrified, but will get power connections in the future. Similarly, with the overall growth, the demand for power will also increase. As per the present requirement, we should be able to meet the demands very soon. In the past six months, power production has increased by 500 MW. We are focusing on all existing power producing units to increase their production to optimal level. Many new generation units are also in the pipeline. We are also looking for alternate sources of power, such as solar energy. Soon, the present demands will be met.Many believe the Samajwadi Party government should give employment instead of distributing unemployment allowance.The Samajwadi Party is committed to generating employment in the state. For this, we have already announced our industrial policy, which is quite open to attracting new industries. We have also started working on building good roads, ensuring adequate power supply and smooth transport facilities to create a conducive environment for industries to flourish. We are also working to revive the sick industries and those on the brink of shutting down. This will generate plenty of employment for the people of UP. On the other hand, we also want to take care of youth who have not been able to secure jobs. They should at least be able to meet the minimum, basic requirements and fill up forms for competitive exams by using this money.Many decisions you took were rolled back. That does not send out the right signals about the government.In a democratic administration various changes are effected from time to time. We have to respect the sentiments of the citizens. We also take decisions to ensure peaceful and effective governance. In this process, at times, we have to reconsider many things. That does not, however, mean that a decision that was rolled back was immature.How will the concept of Apna Bazaar help the common man?It is a concept in which a series of shops will be built in various cities of the state. In the first phase, they will be set up in Saifai, Lucknow and Jhansi. These bazaars will help the farmers in buying and selling their products. This will help both the farmers as well as the consumers. It is time now to build our own brands. For instance, UP is the largest milk producing state. If we build on this in a systematic way, in future we will be able to move ahead in a fast and effective way that will help the farmers and the consumers.Have you set any deadline for completing all you have promised?Whatever we have announced, we intend to complete. This is because we are committed to the cause. Our announcements are only made after planning the budget and implementation plans. As a result, we are always successful in implementing them.On the one hand you are talking development, on the other, you have resisted FDI. With more investment coming in, will it not benefit the people?A. No, we do not support FDI, especially in the retail sector, because it is going to drastically affect the common man and farmers. We have a large rural population in UP whose interests must be protected. Those who are advocating FDI should come with a proper justification. We have no problem if foreign investors are interested in investing in infrastructure and power sectors as this will speed up growth in UP. In the retail sector, though, the small and marginal farmers will not be able to survive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16596189", "title": "West Bengal to assist state schemes", "text": "LUCKNOW: Country director of World Bank team Ono Ruhal said that the team after sincerely considering proposals of power, irrigation, roads and other infrastructure facilities would soon take action for their approval. Expressing his approval for development of barren land and on proposals regarding underground water scheme, Ruhal said that the team would also provide technical assistance for other developmental schemes of the state. The World Bank team also assured to provide technical assistance of 10 million US dollars in the widening of roads and land reforms.World Heart Day awareness: To spread awareness among public on the occasion of World Heart Day, Sahara Hospital is organising a walkathon here on Saturday. The walkathon will begin from Gate number 1 of Ram Manohar Lohia Park to Sahara Shaher, Gomtinagar from 7.00 a.m. to 9.00 a.m.Government constitutes food processing council: The government has constituted State Food Processing Development Council at the state level in order to implement food processing related schemes of the government of India and to expedite development of food processing industries in the state. A government order to this effect has been issued, said secretary, food processing Rajan Shukla. He said that the chief minister will be the chairman of the council.Annual general body meeting: The AGM of Sri Ayyappa Sewa Samithi ( Regd), Lucknow for 2012-2013 will be held on Sunday, September 30 at Lucknow Muthamizh Sangam, B-62, Sector E, Aliganj 2.00 p.m. onwards.Award presentation ceremony: Uptec's flagship education centre held its 17{+t}{+h} merit award presentation ceremony. Similar felicitation ceremonies have already been held at other centres of Uptec all over the state. Over 300 meritorious students have been honoured with cash prizes and 'certificate of merit'. Speaking on the occasion Bharat Bhasker, professor, information technology and systems, IIM, Lucknow, congratulated the award winners and apprised them of the fact that India is a prime leader of the world in developing IT professionals par excellence. He said that IT industry has attained a level where the demand for specialised and super specialised IT professionals has increased manifold.Elected: Agriculture production commissioner Alok Ranjan has been elected as member of the board of trustees of Dewa Sharif in district Barabanki for a period of five years, informs an official release.HR conclave: School of Management Science, Lucknow in association with CII, UP, organised HR conclave on Friday. Minister of state (Independent charge) Arvind Singh 'Gope', in his address said, \"The entire world is recovering from recession and this is the right time for improving skills of corporate workers\". He advised the HR heads of corporate sectors for taking care of workers so that they could give their best to the origination. GB Patnaik, principal secretary to the governor of Uttar Pradesh talked about giving the humane touch to the work force by the corporate houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16594830", "title": "Air India ground Karnataka; PSPB teams in semis", "text": "SRINAGAR: The 'Friday blockbuster' clash between Air India and Karnataka failed to live up to expectations as the former, last year's runners-up, overwhelmed the latter 3-0 to storm into the semifinals of the 68th Inter-State Badminton Championships at the Sher-e-Kashmir Indoor Stadium.Two-time national champion Aravind Bhat and seasoned campaigner Anup Sridhar both lost their respective singles as Air India grounded their opponents with a professional performance. Teen sensation Pratul Joshi gave a flying start to AI and then veteran warhorse Anand Pawar sealed the fate of the rivals by winning both his singles and doubles.Nobody expected 17-year-old Joshi to beat Bhat but the diminutive southpaw rose to the occasion in great style. \"I only played him (Bhat) once a couple of years ago when he beat me in straight games. Today I played to a plan and I am glad that I managed to execute them perfectly. Except for the second game, I never gave him a chance to hit smashes,\" an elated Joshi told TOI after his memorable win.Pawar should have won in straight games against Anup but a few errors in the second game stretched the match into the third game. Then, after a mandatory 20-minute break, Pawar and doubles specialist Akshay Dewalkar managed to save almost 10 match points before edging Vineeth Manuel and S Adarsh Kumar 17-21, 26-24, 22-20.Defending champions PSPB had no trouble in blanking Haryana 3-0. Similarly, Airports Authority of India (AAI) crushed Uttar Pradesh 3-0 while Assam struggled to beat Chhattisgarh 3-2.In the women's section, PSPB, AI, Assam and AAI reached the semis with ease.RESULTS (ALL QUARTERFINALS)Rahimatoola Cup: PSPB bt Haryana 3-0; Air India bt Karnataka 3-0; AAI bt UP 3-0; Assam bt Chhattisgarh 3-2.Chadha Cup: PSPB bt AP 2-0; Air India bt Maharashtra 2-0; Assam bt West Bengal 2-1; AAI bt Delhi 2-0.Semifinal line-upRahimatoola Cup: PSPB vs AAI, Air India vs AssamChadha Cup: PSPB vs Assam, Air India vs AAI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16597534", "title": "HC summons records into fund embezzlement of grants in Attari", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday summoned the entire record into the alleged embezzlement of government grants in the Attari assembly constituency of former minister Gulzar Singh Ranike.The directions were made by a division bench headed by Chief Justice A K Sikri while taking up a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking investigation of the matter by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) or the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC).In a PIL filed by Nagra of Derabassi, the petitioner has alleged that chances of fair investigation in the matter are less because of alleged involvement of former minister of the SAD-BJP government in Punjab. He also alleged that the minister has not been investigated by cops following the registration of FIR.The petitioner added that there was allegedly huge embezzlement of grants in the departments of animal husbandry and welfare of scheduled caste and backward classes and all these portfolios were held by Ranike. It was alleged that a scam running into lakhs of rupees in the execution of border area development programme took place during Ranike's tenure as minister in 2007-08. But the FIR was registered on May 22, 2011. No investigation has taken place since then.Another FIR was registered on June 25 for alleged embezzlement of rural development fund involving Rs 1.15 crore.Ranike had resigned from the ministerial berth on September 16. Now the case would come up for further hearing on October 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16597793", "title": "College draws flak for damaging building", "text": "MYSORE: The University of Mysore on Friday took serious note of attempt to makes changes to the legendary Maharaja's College and said it would initiate action. It also promised to restore the original shape after consulting experts.College authorities had started making changes to Room No. 38 and damaged its old doors. It was stopped after some members of the teaching faculty objected. The issue is now pending with vice-chancellor VG Talawar, who admitted lapses on the part of college authorities. He visited the site on Friday evening. \"The college was allowed to renovate the building but they have damaged it. We'll restore it,\" Talawar told TOI.He rapped the college administration for unilaterally deciding to make changes to the room located above the portico of the structure built in 1889. The college started to make changes to the classroom and convert it into a strong room for examination purpose. Now, it has dropped the plan and will convert it into a Ladies' Room.While the varsity gave permission to renovate the building, college authorities misused it by making changes, Talawar said. \"They didn't take permission for the changes,\" he said.When contacted, college principal CB Ramachandra said: \"We wanted to convert the classroom into a strongroom to which the varsity had agreed. But we'd not informed it that we would make changes. The V-C has directed us to restore it by changing the door frames. We'll abide by the directive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lohardanga", "code": "16597167", "title": "1 killed, 5 injured as truck hits tree", "text": "LOHARDANGA: A 12-year-old girl died while five others, including a two-year old boy, suffered serious injuries when a truck hit a tree near Gamharia on the Lohardaga-Gumla road on Friday.The truck was on its way to Ghaghra block of Gumla from Bagaru Jamun Toli. Driver Raju Oraon (24), who was among the injured persons and was brought to Sadar Hospital in Lohardaga, said the steering of the vehicle got locked and the truck moved to left and dashed against a tree.Oraon said he had gone to Jamun Toli, his native place, and was returning Ghaghra.Among his family members - wife Vimla Devi (22), son Suraj Oraon (2), sister Suchi Oraon (10) suffered injuries. All he injured were referred to the Rajendra Institute of medical Sciences in Ranchi after first in Sadar Hospital, Lohardaga.Members of Jay Sriram Samiti who rescued the injured blamed doctors for delaying treatment which reportedly caused death of Sanjana Kumari. However, Dr Pranav at the Lohardaga hospital said the girl was brought at the last moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16597799", "title": "University of Mysore teachers fear delay in promotions", "text": "MYSORE: University of Mysore teachers are a worried lot. Just when the university gave a promotion offer to its faculty under the career advancement scheme, teachers in neighbouring Karnataka State Open University (KSOU) have put a spoke in the wheels. KSOU faculty have reportedly written anonymous letters urging the government not to allow UoM to promote its teachers when the incumbent vice-chancellor is on the verge of retirement. UoM teachers are now concerned if the move will delay the promotion process.On September 17, the UoM issued a notification urging its teachers who are due for promotion to apply for the same under the UGC's career advancement scheme. September 30 is the last date for the receipt of applications.Sources in KSOU argue that the UoM cannot take unilateral policy decisions and make recruitments when its VC is due to retire in December. They say the government prevented KSOU from making new recruitments citing the reason of its VC's impending retirement. The rule then should apply to UoM as well, they argue.But teachers in UoM feel that anonymous letters to the governor or government are nothing but an effort by some vested elements in KSOU to put a spoke in UoM decision to promote the teachers which is pending since January 2009. \"Recruitments and promotions are two different aspects and incomparable,\" said one teacher in UOM, arguing that the UGC scheme is transparent and cannot be influenced. \"Promotions are purely based on the academic activities of an individual teacher and appraisal reports from the concerned heads,\" the teacher pointed out, questioning KSOU's arguments on this score.Mysore University Teachers Association office bearer Thimmarayappa ruled out the intervention of the government in promotions. \"UoM has followed due procedure in issuing this notification and governor has approved the statute governing promotions which was reworked after implementation of new UGC scales in 2006,\" he pointed out and said there is no chance of government staying the promotions.It may be recalled here that the government had stayed the recruitment of teachers and various non-teaching staff by the KSOU stating that the university cannot do recruitments when VC is on the verge of retirement. VCs of both KSOU and UOM are on the verge of retirement.152 UoM teachers are expected to get promotions if the things go according to plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16599990", "title": "HC asks court committee to consider allowing use of cell phones by non-lawyers after catching man recording proceedings on his mobile", "text": "MUMBAI: A brother of an advocate used his cell phone and recorded proceedings for 18 minutes in the Bombay high court before Justice S J kathawalla on Thursday. His phone was confiscated on court's order and a show cause notice under the Contempt of Courts Act issued to him, but his action may now also endanger the use of cell phones by all individuals other than advocates.Justice Kathwalla on Friday directed that his order issuing show cause to one Rahul Singh who used his mobile phone, should be sent to \"the Administrative Committee of the HC to consider as to whether mobile phones should be allowed to be carried in Court by any individual other than Advocates. \" At present mobile phones are allowed inside the HC.On September 27 when a matter filed by Swaranjit Singh versus Melco Technologies India Pv Ltd and others came up for hearing before Justice Kathawalla, Rahul Singh, brother of advocate Rajesh Singh who appeared for the defendant Melco Technologies stood beside him and used his mobile phone to record the proceedings. The court officer noticed something was amiss with the way in which he held his phone and asked him what was going on. The judge, to his shock, found out that Singh was recording the submissions made by the lawyers and the judge's observations. The mobile phone was confiscated and handed over to the deputy registrar (IT) to verify whether any proceedings were recorded. It is not permitted to use phones or any electronic devices to record any court proceedings in Indian courts.The report by the registrar confirmed that Singh had indeed record 18 minutes of the proceedings. The quality was poor and \"not audible in normal mode.\" The recorded file was .AMR audio file (Adaptive Multi-Rate Codec). The officer copied the audio file and converted it t MP3 format which was then audible on amplification.Justice Kathawalla said, \"Audio recording of any court proceedings by any individual amounts to interference with the judicial proceedings and administration of justice\". He ordered issuance of a show cause notice to Rahul Singh as to why action cannot be taken against him under the Contempts of Courts Act. The notice is returnable on October 22. His phone will remain confiscated and with the court till further orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16596793", "title": "0.08 TMC water to be released in Mutha river for immersion", "text": "PUNE: The irrigation department will be releasing 0.08 thousand million cubic (TMC) feet water in the Mutha river during the 24 hours starting early Saturday morning to facilitate immersion of Ganesh idols. The water will be released at the rate of 1,000 cubic feet per second, an irrigation official said.This year, too, the department did not release water in the river on the fifth day. \"For the last two years, water is being released only on the final day instead of the earlier practice of releasing water on the fifth and the last day,\" the official said.Storage in the four dams has not registered much increase in the last 10 days owing to lesser rainfall in the catchment areas. On Friday, the collective water storage in the four dams was 27.36 TMC (93.82% of the total capacity). Water in Panshet was 99.41%, followed by Varasgaon 98.01%, Temghar 88.92% and Khadakwasla 45.72%. Only Khadakwasla and Panshet reached the maximum storage capacity this monsoon season. After reaching 100% capacity, the Khadakwasla storage was reduced to the present level of 45.72% due to discharge of water in the Mutha right bank canal.tnnAccording to statistics, dams that supply water to the city have lesser water as compared to last year's storage levels. Three dams were almost full last year as against the current season wherein only one dam has reached the maximum capacity. Officials said at least two or three spells of rain are required to improve the situation. \"We are hoping some spells of rain during the withdrawal of monsoon,\" the official said.In the meantime, a meeting of the Khadakwasla canal committee is likely to be held on October 15 to discuss the release of dam water for agriculture purpose. Release of water in the Mutha right bank canal was suspended from September 21. Officials said a decision on water cut for the city would be taken in the review meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16594719", "title": "Procession security intensified", "text": "HYDERABAD: With intelligence reports suggesting the possible outbreak of violence on Saturday night during the immersion procession, the city police have decided to intensify security on the procession route as well as outside religious structures.While the cops are prepared for trouble during the 'Chalo Hyderabad' march slated for September 30, they are suddenly unnerved by the new reports that there could be trouble even during the immersion. \"There will be thousands of people on the roads along with hundreds of idols. Any small incident related to a place of worship will quickly take a communal angle and can trigger a major law and order problem,\" said an official. Given the experience of recent communal clashes in the city, police are well aware that certain elements are trying to create trouble to reap political benefits and such miscreants might again try to cause trouble during the immersion procession.Security has been stepped up at mosques en route the procession and armed police pickets have been deployed at the hypersensitive and sensitive areas. There are hundreds of mosques en route the Ganesh procession across the city and majority of them are located in the communally sensitive South and West zones. City police commissioner Anurag Sharma said that they have identified 300 communally hypersensitive and 580 sensitive areas in the city. To secure these mosques, police have posted an SI and four constables at all the mosques in the Ganesh procession route while armed police pickets have been deployed at the hypersensitive and sensitive areas. At bigger mosques in sensitive areas, Rapid Action Force will be deployed from Saturdaymorning.As part of the preventive measures, over 900 history sheeters including 400 communal sheeters were bound over. Those who were involved in the recent communal violence have also been bounded over through the method of suspect sheets. All the Station House Officers have been putting pressure on the pandal organizers to start the procession early so that by Sunday morning, most of the immersion work would be completed. \"Presence of huge number of drunken masses on the streets is the main problem but our only hope is that radical elements do not indulge in any kind of mischief,\" said an intelligence official.Police personnel at Goshamahal and Asif Nagar areas and all the staff in these stationshave been asked to quickly join bandobust after their immersion duties at various places in Punjagutta, Banjara Hills and Jubilee Hills to prevent possible attack on shopping malls, multiplexes, star hotels,government buildings, political party offices and commercial establishments owned by Seemandhra businessmen. Similarly, heavy security cover will be thrown around Marriott hotel, Secretariat, Gandhi Bhavan and Assembly. Cyberabad police have also stepped up security around MNCs and star hotels in Madhapur, Gachibowli, Uppal and at Shamshabad airport with three armed police pickets in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16595183", "title": "Demolished plastic units in Shastripuram back in business", "text": "HYDERABAD: Most of the 33 illegal plastic units which GHMC had razed in the residential colony of Shastripuram earlier this month, are back in business, rue locals.Demolition of plastic units was carried out on September 6 by the municipal authorities with police assistance. There are around 193 illegal plastic units operating in Shastripuram against whom the residents have been campaigning for a decade now. The GHMC had taken up the demolition drive after local politicians and GHMC senior officials had come under intense pressure from the locals. However barely 20 days after, many of the units can be found operating from the demolished premises.\"We requested the CPDCL officials to disconnect the power supply and seize machinery. But as this was not done, the plastic units continue to operate from their demolished premises. The authorities have also not cleaned or seized any plastic making it easy for the businesses to continue,\" said a resident of the area.The residents of the colony wonder why the GHMC did not go ahead with the demolition of remaining units when 150 units were served notices for operating without licenses.Further proving that the demolition has done little to curb the menace, the cops have once again started booking cases based on complaints and on suo-motto basis against the unit owners. \"We have booked nine cases so far under IPC Sections for causing pollution, nuisance and harm to public health. The penalty under the various Sections includes imprisonment, fine or even both,\" said Shivarampalli inspector Uma Maheshwar Rao.He said the cases are under court process and they are keeping a watch on the plastic godowns in the area. The residents add that those against whom cases were booked are also continuing their business.It was also learnt that a petition filed by some residents of the colony with the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) is pending as the GHMC and APPCB which are named as respondents skipped two hearings. At the second hearing held on September 25 the SHRC reportedly took exception to the absence of the respondents and ordered a notice to be sent to them asking for submission of reply before October 30 or face legal consequences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16597143", "title": "Eight-member gang held for abduction", "text": "COIMBATORE: An eight-member gang hailing from Mannargudi, Thanjavur, Madurai and Chennai, kidnapped a man on Friday evening from Mettupalayam and confined him to a house in Peelamedu. The gang demanded a ransom of Rs 1.50 crore from the owner of the business where the victim was employed. Police arrested the gang late on Friday night.According to city police, Mohammed Saseek from Ramnagar owns a cold storage unit in Mettupalayam. He also has other business concerns. He owns 16 acres at Chinna Dharapuram in Karur district. Recently, an interested party approached him to buy the land for Rs 2.50 crore. But he refused to sell. The gang had gone to Mettupalayam on Friday evening and kidnapped Mohammed Rafiq, the manger in the cold storage unit. He was taken to Peelamedu in a car and was kept under confinement in a house which belonged to an AIADMK cadre.The gang contacted Mohammed Saseek over phone and demanded Rs 1.50 crore for the safe return of Mohammed Rafiq. The culprits also threatened to kidnap and kill Saseek's family if he failed to make the payment. Saseek immediately approached city police commissioner A K Viswanathan who organized a rescue team.A special team led by Peelamedu police inspector Karthikeyan surrounded the house and rescued the victim Rafiq and arrested the eight member gang. Police booked them under section 364 ( A) (kidnapping for ransom). \"We have arrested the eight member gang for abduction and wrongful confinement. We are investigating the matter further for more details,\" said Viswanathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16596110", "title": "Environment in shackles", "text": "PANAJI: Relaxing ambience and highly-rated food served by beach shacks have added value to Goa's tourism profile, but greens feel the government's policy to bring some order on the state's shoreline overrun by temporary structures and beds, needs support.The public part of the beach area was carved out for shacks to cater to tourism's pecial needs and create jobs. \"The intentions were good, but in a few beach spots, like Baga, the illegalities outstrip what is legal,\" says an activist.As per the shack policy, a total of 106 shacks, with ten deck beds per structure and a total of 1060, were allowed on the Baga-Calangute beach stretch. But authorities counted a total of 135 shacks and a staggering 5400 deck beds on December 11, 2011.Many say filthy beaches are turning away discerning tourists.Agreed Wendell Rodricks , fashion designer, \"All Goans need to examine their conscience and decide whether they want to destroy Goa for money or preserve the beauty of Goa, which will enhance future tourism,\" he said.But a shack owner said it was unfair to blame shack operators. \"The shacks keep their domain clean, and panchayats collect the waste, but government has failed to evolve a disposal system,\" John Lobo of shack owners welfare association said.The lack of bins for tourists to dispose the waste only makes the matters worse.Impact of tourism is felt on turtle nesting beaches. \"Haphazard activities on the beach should be restricted, as it is an important habitat for marine species,\" Sujeet Dongre, programme coordinator, centre for environmental education said.Endorsing this viewpoint, Aaron Savio Lobo, a marine ecologist added, \"Goa's coastline is ecologically diverse and has been the main tourist attraction, supporting thousands of tourism-related livelihoods. It's then not hard to imagine that the wanton degradation of this ecosystem, through unregulated tourism is likely to have repercussions on coastal livelihoods as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16596353", "title": "Taxi unions upset with GR, plan strike", "text": "MUMBAI: TOI was the first to report that the CM had accepted most of the suggestions made by the Hakim committee, barring certain factors such as the cost of living for drivers and repairs/maintenance costs. Since these factors were altered in the formula devised by Hakim, it reduced the quantum of the final fare hike. While this could be good news for commuters, several passengers feel the drivers don't deserve even a single paise hike. Said Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat, \"First stop refusals, meter tampering and introduce e-meters in all autos and then give hikes.\"Taxi unions, reportedly upset with the GR, are planning to agitate by going off the roads for at least two days any time in the first or second week of October, sources said. Some of the auto unions, too, are not pleased with a \"mere\" Rs 2 hike and may also protest.Commuter groups have welcomed the introduction of e-meters in old taxis and are also happy with the government putting several conditions with the hike. While drivers caught for meter-tampering will face cancellation of permit, those with fake tariff cards will also face suspension/cancellation of permit. Some of the other commuter-friendly directives in the GR are: changing the word \"first flag\" and making it \"minimum fare\" (1.5 km), changing to metric system from the archaic mile system, compulsory ID cards with photos for all drivers and rounding up of fares only on the final fare.Commuter groups have, however, opposed a fare revision every May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16599478", "title": "India's GSAT-10 communication satellite launched successfully", "text": "CHENNAI: India's heaviest satellite, the 3,400kg GSAT-10, was successfully launched from French Guiana in the early hours of Saturday.The Indian Space Research Organisation's 101st mission will give a big boost to communication, entertainment and civil aviation as the satellite carries 30 transponders and a component of navigation system Gagan.Since India's cryogenic engine is still under development, Isro chose to use the European Space Agency's Ariane-5 rocket to launch the communication satellite, even though it meant costing double the money, about Rs 750 crore.An official release from Isro said the launch vehicle lifted off at 2.48am IST after a smooth countdown lasting 11 hours and 30 minute.After a flight of 30 minutes and 45 seconds, GSAT-10 was injected into an elliptical Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (GTO), very close to the intended one.ISRO's Master Control Facility (MCF) took over the command and control of the GSAT-10 immediately after the injection.Preliminary health checks on the various subsystems of the satellite including power, thermal, command, sensors and controls were performed and all the parameters were found satisfactory.Following this, the satellite was oriented towards Earth and Sun using the onboard propulsion system. \"The satellite is in good health, the Isro statement said. In the coming five days, orbit raising manoeuvres will be performed using the satellite propulsion system to place the satellite in the Geostationary Orbit (36,000km above the equator).Soon, the two solar panels and the dual-gridded antenna reflectors of GSAT-10 will be deployed for further tests and operations. It is planned to experimentally turn on the communication payloads in the second week of October 2012.GSAT-10 will be ready for use by November 2012. GSAT-10 will be positioned at 83 deg East orbital location along with INSAT-4A and GSAT-12.The operational life of GSAT-10 is expected to be 15 years. GSAT-10 has 30 communication transponders (12 in Ku-band, 12 in C-band and six in extended C-band).It also carries a navigation payload Gagan that would provide GPS signals of improved accuracy (of less than seven meters) to be used by the Airports Authority of India for civil aviation requirements. GSAT-10 is the second satellite in INSAT/GSAT constellation with GAGAN payload after GSAT-8, launched in May 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595333", "title": "One in 3 Mumbaikars has abnormal lipid levels", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly one in three Mumbaikars has unhealthy lipid levels that greatly heighten the risk of heart disease, according to a new survey. The study showed that the country's metros, including Delhi, Chennai and Bangalore, have worryingly high burden of dyslipidemia-abnormal cholesterol and triglyceride levels-that is mostly attributed to sedentary lifestyle and westernised diet.Mumbai's citizens, the survey revealed, have the worst low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels as compared to the other three cities. A whopping 51% of the 17,655 patients surveyed here between January and July this year had borderline high or high levels of the bad cholesterol. Increased LDL is known to play a significant role in hardening the fat that goes on to choke arteries, which eventually leads to heart attack or stroke.Initiated by diagnostic major Metropolis Healthcare, the survey studied lipid profile investigations-comprising cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels-of 2.7 lakh people in the four metros and found abnormality in as many as 33% cases.In Mumbai, the survey found about 54% of women-particularly aged 35 to 50 years-had higher cholesterol levels than men. Forty-six per cent of the men here were noticed to have high or borderline high cholesterol. Among children, the survey discovered that over 2% did not have the desired levels of good cholesterol or HDL. A senior cardiologist from a state-run hospital blamed the troubling statistics on the rapid change in eating patterns in urban households. \"Weekly outings now mean eating fast food, which is high on cholesterol. Ready-to-eat food could also be a contributing factor,\" the doctor said.Experts believe dyslipidemia is a crucial parameter in gauging the burden of heart disease in a nation.In the survey, Bangaloreans were found to have the worst degrees of cholesterol. While 42.61% of them had abnormal levels, 30% of Mumbaikars had such levels. Interventional cardiologist Dr Vijay Bang, who consults at Bandra's Lilavati Hospital, said the trend is worrying. \"It has become imperative that people be pushed to exercise and adopt better dietary habits,\" he asserted.The head of interventional cardiology at Breach Candy Hospital, Dr Dev Pahlanji, said almost every patient who meets a heart specialist today has at least one abnormal lipid parameter. \"The trick is to watch out for related factors such as genetics, dietary and lifestyle. Hypertension, stress , smoking and diabetes contribute to heart ailments.\" He recommended that anyone over 50 should be up-to-date on their lipid profiles.The survey found that 48% of women and 34% men who had high cholesterol levels were above the age of 50. Pahlanji cautioned that, if the heart disease epidemic among Indians has to be controlled, the bar for checking lipid profile should be lowered due to genetic and dietary factors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595920", "title": "Government railway police files FIR five months after theft", "text": "NAGPUR: Government railway police (GRP), Nagpur, has finally registered an offence of theft on Thursday evening nearly five months after the incident had taken place. The theft had been reported on April 7 this year. GRP officials had even ignored the railway policy regarding registration of offence.It is learnt that the GRP agreed to lodge the complaint only after city police's crime branch recovered the stolen LCD television from the suspect Avinash Andarsahare. Andarsahare had allegedly stolen the TV from the railway parcel office five months ago. The parcel belonging to a top politician, had come from Mumbai and was about to be sent to Raipur.No theft offence had been registered and the surprised crime branch officials had to arrest Andarsahare under section 41 (1) (D) of Criminal procedure code (CrPC). Andarsahare was not able to produce any document proving that the LCD television at his Indora residence belonged to him. Thus the cops inferred that the TV could be a stolen one.Even though court released Andarsahare on bail after he furnished the required bond amount, the GRP took him into custody later in the evening after media started questioning their actions so far in the case.The complainant Suraj Agrawal, owner of a private company, had been running from pillar to post to get the case registered but the railway security force had turned a deaf ear to him. He had approached both Railway protection force (RPF) and GRP but was turned away by both.GRP Nagpur's senior inspector, Chandrashekar Bhaval had been refusing to register the offence on various flimsy grounds.Agrawal had informed both RPF and GRP in writing about the theft of the LCD TV and also some other valuables. He had also written a letter to the divisional railway manager (DRM) seeking information on railway's policy regarding thefts of cargo. DRM office had furnished a reply, along with a copy of the policy, stating that it was GRP's responsibility to register the offence.Agrawal later sought information under Right to Information (RTI) Act from the railway board regarding the policy to be followed when a courier company's commodities get stolen. The railway board too informed him stating clearly that it is the responsibility of GRP to register the offence and investigate the matter.GRP officials opted to ignore both DRM's and railway board's replies and preferred to look the other way stating that they cannot take decision unless their seniors gave them an order.Additional superintendent of police, Nagpur rural, Prakash Jadhav, who is now holds the post of SP GRP, stated that he would look into the matter. \"There was no reason why the FIR had been delayed,\" said Jadhav, who had taken charge earlier this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595112", "title": "Can't rest on my laurels, says David Rudisha", "text": "NEW DELHI: It has been billed as the 'greatest 800m race ever run' and it was special to relive the drama with the hero of the race Kenya's David Lekuta Rudhisha, who not only won the gold at the London Olympics last month but also decimated the mark winning in 1.40.91. His manager James Templeton might have forgotten the date but the soft-spoken Rudisha was quick to remind him that he won't forget the 9th of August, 2012 that easily.The 800m World and Olympic champion is in the Capital as the event ambassador of the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon which takes place this Sunday.The organisers showed the clip of the historic race and Rudisha seemed to be immediately transported back to London. There was a grim expression on his face as the TV screens showed him lining up at the start line. Rudisha sat calmly in front of the mediapersons at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium but it was obvious his mind was racing.As one came towards the 400m mark in the race, the tension on his face gave away to a small smile which kept getting larger with every stride. By the time the race came to an end, there was a huge grin on Rudisha's face. All the memories of the race in which he raced past the field, fist clenched high in the air, came flooding back.Usain Bolt has his 'lightning' and Mo Farah has the 'Mobot', so don't be surprised if 'the fist' becomes his trademark. \"I am not one to show a lot of emotion on the track. But it'll be nice to have a signature move, the clenched fist might just be that,\" Rudisha said pointing to a giant picture of his celebration in the room.In a short span of time, Rudisha has achieved it all. He broke the 800m record twice in the space of eight days in 2010, went on to become the world champion in 2011 and added the Olympic gold this year. So what is left to motivate him now?\"It is important to keep moving forward. I have broken the world record and have also become the world and Olympic champion. But I can't rest on the laurels. I want to win the World Championship again in Moscow next year and then possibly win the Olympic title in Rio in 2016. I want to become multiple world champion and Olympic champion,\" the 23-year-old said.Sebastian Coe , a former Olympic 1500m champion and chairman of London Olympics organising committee, had said after his 800m record, \"It was the performance of the Games. (Usain) Bolt was great, but Rudisha was magnificent.\" It'll definitely be a special occasion when Bolt goes up against Rudisha on the track.\"We can maybe go head-to-head in a 400m race. We missed out on an opportunity in the 4x400m relay in London. It'll be good to plan something next year for promotion,\" Rudisha said.On who would win the proposed Bolt-Rudisha clash, he said, \"It will be 50-50. He is a great sprinter but I also have a bit of speed. At my best I can probably clock 45.3 seconds and Bolt can also touch the 45 second-mark. It will be really close.\"The Kenyan is looking forward to Sunday's half marathon as well. \"The race this weekend is going to be really exciting. The competition is really great but the Kenyans will hold the edge,\" he said. The middle-distance runner though remained non-committal about racing in a marathon himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16596376", "title": "Factory worker beats up officials, arrested", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A worker at a premier piston company in Ghaziabad was arrested after he attacked senior officials of the firm with a metal road. The Ghaziabad police said that both the victims, deputy manager Sarvendra Singh and section engineer Garima Saxena, suffered head injuries. The accused has been identified as Chander Singh and has been arrested.Police said the incident took place at 9:15am on the company premises along Meerut Road. Surya Pratap Singh, who was Chander's supervisor, complained to the senior management that the accused was not doing any work. This accusation led to the fight, said a police officer.\"The two injured are currently recovering in Yashoda Hospital. Chander was hauled for dereliction of duty by Sarvendra Singh and Garima Saxena was also present at the time,\" said a cop.According to the police, Chander attacked the two after he became enraged with a metal road before they could be separated. \"The victims are both stable,\" said the police.The police added that Chander had alleged that he had been getting a meagre pay and was working extra hours. \"He alleged that he had become enraged due to the fact that he had been working for a number of days without any raise or relaxation in his working hours,\" said a senior police officer.The senior management of the company dismissed any reports of a large-scale labour unrest and said that this was an isolated incident. \"Work went on as usual and this was a stray incident. There was no unrest at the firm. There is complete peace here,\" said KK Sharma, general manager of the company.Police officers added that further investigations were underway and a case under appropriate sections of the Indian Penal Code has been registered at the Sihani Gate police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16597464", "title": "Nashik cops get ready for final day of fest", "text": "NASHIK: The city police have put in place arrangements to ensure that no untoward incident takes place during the immersion of Ganesh idols on Saturday.According to cops, as many as 700 home guards, an additional force of 450 police staff, five State Reserve Police Force ( SRPF) platoons, and the city police force will be present at procession routes as well as immersion points in the city.Commissioner of police, Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said that nearly 1,068 mandals from across the city, Nashik Road, Satpur, Cidco and Deolali Camp would be immersing idols. However, the bigger processions will be those starting from Wakadi Barav to Mhasaba Patangan.In Nashik Road, processions are expected to arrive from various locations leading to Waldevi River.Meanwhile, the police have finalized 29 immersions points, which will have surveillance under 17 close circuit television cameras (CCTV) surveillance of as many as 17 close circuit television cameras (CCTVS) to be provided by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).The main procession in the city is likely to start from 4pm from Wakadi Barav. Bhadrakali police will be present at this spot to hand out placement numbers for immerisions to mandals in the main procession.This year the Bhadrakali police have decided to allot these numbers on a first-come- first-serve basis, as given their past experience, many mandals take their numbers early on for a place in the procession but do not turn up on time. This forces other other mandals to wait for them.While the first procession is always that of the NMC, it is followed by the Raviwar Karanja Ganapati mandal.Every year nearly 35 to 40 of the bigger mandals participate in the traditional procession route.Sarangal added that the immersion point for the route will be under strict CCTV surveillance.This is expected not only to help the police department get live footage at different points but, they are hoping, will also act as a deterrent for anti-social elements looking to break the law on that day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16595246", "title": "Minor fire at secretariat", "text": "JAIPUR: A minor fire broke out at the air-conditioning plant of the secretariat just above the chief minister's office on Friday morning. Since the incident took place in the early hours and was contained on time, it did not result in major damage.According to the police, some employees of the secretariat spotted smoke coming out of the air conditioning plant at 8.15 am. They informed the police control room, fire station and Ashok Nagar police station. Within minutes, fire tenders rushed to the spot and doused the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595522", "title": "Nagpur University lecturer deliberately failed meritorious law student", "text": "NAGPUR: Though Nagpur University won the case in Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Friday, it brought out a shameful tale of one of its lecturers having deliberately failed a meritorious student by refusing to take her viva-voce exam and then marking her absent.Juhi Bhangde, daughter of senior lawyer MG Bhangde, had clinched as many as 11 prizes including gold medals in 2010 convocation. During her viva-voce exam for LLM course, SB Narnaware, working with NU's Post Graduate Teaching Department (PGTD) of law, allegedly having some grudge against her, refused to allow her to appear in exam citing reason of poor attendance. Actually, she had recorded more than 75% attendance, according to law dean Ashok Pawde who conducted preliminary enquiry later and severely reprimanded Narnaware.She was subsequently declared failed in semester exam. She then lodged a complaint with NU after which its Board of Examinations (BoE) in its meeting of February 2, 2010, constituted a panel under Pawde. He submitted a report on July 17, 2010, where he termed Narnaware's act \"most arbitrary exercise of power by a teacher while denying genuine opportunity to a student.\" He recommended conducting Juhi's re-exam. The report was sent to NU's standing counsel Bhanudas Kulkarni for seeking legal opinion and he too endorsed the same. SL Deshpande, working in same department as Narnaware, then took Juhi's viva-voce exam and declared her passed. This process, however, consumed over a year after which NU revised her results giving her 1129 marks.Meanwhile, NU had already declared the list of toppers and gold medal winners for 99th convocation to be held on October 1. Mushahid Ali, who had scored highest marks in LLM (1027) by then, was also included in the list of gold medalists. After NU revised Juhi's marks to 1129, she replaced him. Ali then knocked the judiciary's doors contending that Juhi had failed in her semester exam and could not claim the medal. However, a bench of justices Bhushan Gavai and Sunil Deshmukh slammed the petitioner counsel Vivek Awchat while dismissing the plea stating that NU enquiry report had clearly mentioned that Juhi was deliberately failed.Ironically, no action was taken against the lecturer despite having concrete proof. VC Vilas Sapkal however assured strict action while talking with media. Narnaware could not be contacted for comments. NU officials privately admitted several innocent students were harassed and exploited by lecturers in this manner. Such cases are prevalent in professional courses like engineering, medical and law, but were covered up by both NU and college authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16594483", "title": "Madhya Pradesh in a tizzy as mayor, dean test positive for H1N1", "text": "BHOPAL: News about a mayor and the dean of a medical college testing positive for H1N1 this week have sent many in a tizzy in the state. Reports in a section of media that the state has already had 19 swine flu deaths and 103 cases have tested positive created a flutter. The state health department claims everything is under control and there is nothing to panic as these swine flu figures are since January this year.\"There have been exactly four deaths in the state from swine flu this month. The total 19 deaths took place over the past nine months,'' principal secretary (health) Praveen Krishna told TOI. \"The health department and district administrations are alert to the situation. Of seven crore population in the state, 543 samples were collected since the beginning of the year for suspected H1N1 virus. Of these, 393 tested negative, 103 tested positive and reports about the rest are pending.''On Thursday, paramedical staff in government hospitals in Bhopal protested saying they would not handle H1N1 patients unless they are vaccinated first.The panic began after Jabalpur mayor Prabhat Sahu tested positive for swine flu. The mayor visited Nagda in Ujjain district last week and came back to Jabalpur with fever and a severe cold. The doctors there tested him for every possible ailment starting with malaria, but the reports came as negative. On Wednesday, the doctors decided to test him for H1N1. The mayor is now spending days in isolation in his residence. Doctors have asked him not to be in contact with either his political workers or the municipal corporation staff. He is, however, permitted to use the telephone.The mayor apart, dean of the Jabalpur Medical College D K Sakalle tested positive. His associate Dr Shashi Khare also reported the symptoms of fever with severe cough and cold.\"They are all recovering,'' principal secretary (health) Praveen Krishna argued. \"The mayor is on medication and has already recovered 50-60%. There is nothing to get unnerved. The state government and health officials are alert. Our only appeal to people is that no one should neglect the symptoms of fever with cough and cold. With such symptoms, one should immediately rush to the nearest government hospital.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "16596996", "title": "'Gagged' at BJP conclave, Narendra Modi roars at public rally", "text": "FARIDABAD: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , who had a low-key presence through the BJP's three-day national executive, came into his own on a public platform, living up to his billing as the party's star howitzer.Addressing a rally at the Sachivalaya grounds here, Modi turned in a high-wattage performance, throwing barbs at Congress which had the audience thirsting for more.The organizers had christened the show 'Congress Hatao, Deseh Bachao Rally', and Modi was faithful to the theme as he accused Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi of doing the US's bidding.He drew on the Bollywood hit, Singham, an action thriller marked by eye-popping stunts, with the saffron showman saying the PM's dramatic move of opening up retail for FDI was inspired by the US. \"Why is it that the PM turned into Singham and took the decision to allow FDI a day after Congress chief Sonia Gandhi returned from the US,\" he asked to roaring applause from the crowd.The speech, delivered with trademark panache, confirmed Modi's reputation as the biggest draw with the saffron cadre.Significantly, it contrasted starkly with the second fiddle that Modi played at the three-day convention of the BJP. The inconspicuousness seemed glaring in the aftermath of the way he stole the show at the meeting of the party's national executive in Mumbai and because of the growing proximity of his encounter with Congress. The fact that a session on Centre's discriminatory approach, something he bristles at, had to be scrapped because of time constraint contributed.If Modi blended into the crowd of hundreds of delegates, the leadership did not seem to be eager to raise his profile either. In fact, party chief Nitin Gadkari chose to heap praise on the chief minister of another party-ruled state, Shivraj Singh Chouhan.Known to be a quiet performer who lacks the flamboyance that characterizes Modi's style, Chouhan is regarded well in party circles for the work he has done in the irrigation and social sectors. He, just like Modi, has emerged as the most popular BJP leader in the state. Yet, with the crucial Gujarat elections just a couple of months away, many found the focus on Chouhan intriguing.Chouhan was among the major attractions at the public rally, but it was Modi who hogged the limelight.At the rally, however, Modi, already in poll mode, took on the Congress leadership. He accused the PM of \"acting\" in the interest of the US, first in getting the nuclear deal through and then allowing FDI in multi-brand retail and questioned why he did not \"turn active in India's interest\".\"There are many questions that the nation wants to ask from the prime minister. We want to know why you became 'singham' (turned active) twice during the last eight years \u2014 once for getting the nuclear deal through and the other time now while taking the FDI decision ... You have not bothered about the government ... but turned active in the interest of foreigners,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16595453", "title": "Property dispute turns violent in Laxmisagar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Dispute over the title of a house between two families turned violent in Laxmisagar area here on Friday. Siblings Abhinas Das and J K Nilam were injured after being attacked by the rival family.Das alleged that a man identified as Sandip Mohanty has been trying to usurp their house in Chintamaniswar area. \"Four years ago, Mohanty gave us Rs 10 lakh advance to purchase our house for Rs 35 lakh. When he did not pay the remaining amount, we returned the advance,\" Das said. \"But he kept threatening us and forced us to sell the house. When we declined, he and his hired goons barged into our house and attacked us with swords,\" he added.Police said Mohanty is legally the owner of the property. \"Mohanty has all documents to prove that he purchased the house for Rs 35 lakh in 2008 from Das' father Bhuban Mohan Das,\" Laxmisagar police inspector S K Patel told TOI. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16596474", "title": "CBI goes beyond its brief, expands Coalgate probe to joint ventures of states", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an intriguing move, the Central Bureau of Investigation has expanded the purview of its probe into Coalgate to cover the allocation of coal blocks even to joint ventures of state governments with private companies.A fresh preliminary enquiry (PE) registered by the agency, its third in connection with Coalgate investigations, extends the probe beyond private players to cover \"government dispensations\" -- a category that, sources explained, include PSUs, both central and those belonging to states, and their joint ventures which got coal blocks.The move raised eyebrows because CBI's jurisdiction does not extend to states and their decisions, like the one to have business collaboration between their PSUs and private players. The premier investigating agency can probe matters concerning states only at their instance or at the direction of courts.The PE against \"government dispensations\" which got coal blocks will cover the joint ventures of state governments of non-Congress ruled states like Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, West Bengal and Odisha.Congress has insisted on a probe into a joint venture that the BJP government signed with a company belonging to Ajay Sancheti, member of Rajya Sabha who is considered close to party chief Nitin Gadkari.Strangely, CBI sources acknowledged that they could not probe the \"joint ventures\". Although they claimed that they would approach the state governments for their \"consent\", non-Congress governments, wary of CBI in normal situations, are unlikely to play along.As part of the fresh probe, CBI will look into all allotments related to captive dispensation, government dispensation and ultra mega power projects (UMPP), sources said, adding that all coal secretaries, power secretaries and other related ministry and state officials would be examined.CBI sources said they will look into whether the PSUs had \"misrepresented any information about the companies, whether ineligibilities had been hidden and whether after the allocation of blocks, the work was sub-contracted to somebody else\".Congress-ruled Maharashtra will also be covered by the probe which will extend to PSUs like Coal India Ltd, Nalco, Steel Authority of India Ltd as well as state electricity boards.The agency has registered two PEs into allocation of captive coal blocks to private companies on the basis of decisions taken by screening committees.Sources said they would seek all documents related to the 194 allocations since 1993 and \"a list of suspected allocations would be made\". \"After this, we will approach the states where we have found irregularities and take consent from them to go ahead with the probe,\" said a top official.The PE registered is specific about coal block allocations made by the coal-rich states since 1993, sources said. The sources said these states had allocated coal blocks to private companies after they entered into joint venture with public sector undertakings for use of coal blocks for non-captive use.According to coal ministry guidelines, \"There shall be three categories/models for allocation. Grant of mines to companies for specified end uses other than power shall be done by auction through competitive bidding process. Government companies can also participate in the process, though allotment to government companies for end use can also be made under government dispensation route. The identified blocks earmarked for allocation to the power sector would be earmarked to ministry of power or state government for carrying out the tariff based bidding.\"In the coal probe, CBI has so far filed seven FIRs against private companies and unknown public officials for alleged misrepresentation of facts and three PEs. CBI had on Thursday registered a PE against 24 companies and public officials in connection with alleged irregularities in coal block allocations between 1993 and 2004, including during the NDA regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16597210", "title": "The untold story of a road 'accident'", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata has never been safe for pedestrians. Figures reveal that around 400 pedestrians die on the road every year. Yet, it is they who are blamed for most road accidents which is unfair, according to a new Bengali film that deals with the unusual subject of road accidents.It's a combination of poorly maintained vehicles, rash driving, queer laws and scant respect for traffic rules that trigger accidents on Kolkata's roads. And blood would continue to be spilled on the roads unless the system was overhauled, says 'Accident' - directed by Shibaprasad Mukhopadhyay and Nandita Ray that hit the theatres on Friday. Produced by Kaustav Ray, it revolves around an accident that changes the lives of three families and explores the reasons leading to it.It was a real road accident that sparked off the idea of the film, according to Mukhopadhyay, whose last film 'Muktodhara' left audiences charmed. \"A renowned dentist whom I had called for an appointment two years ago had lost a relative on the same day. He was in a state of shock and subsequently became a different person. It haunted me and when I narrated the incident to my co-director Nandita, she started developing the story,\" said Mukhopadhyay.The fact that seven to eight persons die on the road in Kolkata every week was reason enough to go deeper and explore if these casualties were preventable, said the director. Just as he had started researching on accidents, an incident further triggered his interest in the subject. Mukhopadhyay's car was stolen and he was visited by an insurance investigator.\"He told me about the various ways in which I could twist facts and get the maximum insurance coverage. It made me curious and I enquired further. Then, I came to know that the victim's family was entitled to a compensation of only Rs 50,000 if it was proved that the vehicle involved had a mechanical fault. Since most buses in Kolkata were old and faulty, few victims get reasonable compensation. I felt that nothing could be more unjust than this. And it was not fair to blame the driver either, for he was just a cog in the wheel,\" he said.Kolkata has seen more accidents this year than the last. The ever-rising volume of traffic and inadequate road space were responsible, according to the traffic department. It also claimed that since more areas have been brought under the Kolkata Police this year, the number of accidents in the city has gone up, too.\"Having said that, there's indeed a lot that can be done to reduce accidents. We have drawn up several plans and are in various stages of implementing them. But it wouldn't be fair to say that Kolkata's roads are dangerous,\" said Dilip Adak, DC (traffic).They were not very safe either, felt Kaustav Ray. \"The rate at which accidents are happening is alarming. Yesterday, a schoolgirl was run over. The day before, we had another accident that led to a couple of deaths.It's easy to blame the victim or the driver and shut the case. But the real culprit is the system which fails to prevent accidents. This is what we have explored through the film,\" said Ray.'Accident' is the story of a man who loses his son in a bus accident. He decides to kill the driver for revenge, but discovers that he was hardly responsible for his son's death. \"He finds out that the driver had refused to drive the bus and sought an overhaul of the vehicle from the owner. For the latter, repairs were not feasible. What makes it worse for the victim's family is that the insurance rules allow the faulty vehicle's owner to get away by paying a small compensation. This is what routinely happens after every accident, but goes unreported. And this is perhaps more tragic than the accident itself,\" said Mukhopadhyay.In the film, the insurance investigator loses his job for refusing to blame the vehicle's mechanical fault. The driver is jailed and the victim's father left alone to deal with the tragedy. \"This is the sad aftermath of every accident. It will never change unless you abolish the commission system for drivers, enforce traffic rules strictly and get rid of old, ramshackle buses. We still have 400 old buses running in Kolkata which is a shame,\" said Mukhopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16596809", "title": "SAI shooting range to get active in New Year", "text": "BANGALORE: The city will be the home of India's ace shooters from next year.In a belated but welcome move, the Sports Authority of India has decided that South Centre here will house the national campers - from the sub-juniors to the seniors - as they prepare for competitions in future.The state-of-the-art training centre, built at a cost of Rs 6.5 crore, was inaugurated by sports minister Ajay Maken in June last year. Attempts were made to shift the national camps to Bangalore but the notion that changing the training venue midway may upset the shooters' rhythm as they prepared for the Olympics put paid to the South Centre's hopes. Consequently, its utility was restricted to state shooters.Accommodation too was a challenge around the time as the centre, which has only one 100-bed air-conditioned hostel, had a huge hockey contingent to cater to. Hockey camps at the South Centre may take at least a year or so to return as SAI is in the process of procuring two new artificial turfs. The worn-out Polytan turf had forced the hockey probables to shift their base to Pune earlier this year. As of now, hockey camps will be in Bhopal and Patiala.\"Both air rifle and pistol shooters will train in Bangalore from now on. We realise it has taken a long time to get things moving. The training will begin by the end of this year.\"Apparently, the city is ideal for training throughout the year, thanks to its moderate climate. The idea was mooted by the National Rifle Association of India (NRAI) years ago, with the then national coach Sunny Thomas saying that he would love to get his trainees to Bangalore as it was difficult to train elsewhere in the country during summer.Shotgun camps will continue to be held in New Delhi. SAI sources said the shooting facility in the South Centre would be put to good use. \"With our focus on sub-juniors and juniors, training will be virtually throughout the year. Meetings in October will decide when the camps will begin. NRAI is also keen that the camps are shifted to Bangalore. We see the centre emerging as a vital cog in this sport,\" they said.Meanwhile, NRAI officials said camps would be shifted to Bangalore in the New Year. \"We haven't scheduled any camps till the Nationals in December. Camps will only start in January and will most probably be scheduled in Bangalore,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16596368", "title": "Rampant power cuts plague Noida residents", "text": "Residents suffered from rampant power cuts on Friday. The city's discom said the cuts occurred due to a roster put in place for the day by its head office in Lucknow due to inadequate supply from an electricity generating plant. Power supply to residential sectors was hampered between 1.50pm and 3.50pm and from 4.45pm to 6.45pm.A third two-hour cut was announced by the discom at 8pm. Residents of highrises and cooperative housing societies had to rely on power of diesel-run generator sets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16597212", "title": "Woman lynched for 'witchcraft' in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A tribal woman, Dhani Murmu (45) was lynched on Thursdayt for allegedly practising witchcraft at village Churchu under Churchu police station of Hazaribag district by her brother-in-law and three relatives.Surendra Ravidas, officer-in-charge of the Churchu police station said on Friday that wife of Nanku Charhe, brother-in-law of the victim was ill for quite for sometime and was not responding to treatment. When all efforts failed, Nanku was compelled to approach 'ojhas and tantriks' to understand the reason behind this and seek ways for speedy recovery. The latter visited Nanku's house and said it was due to the witchcraft by Dhani Murmu that Nanku's wife was not recovering and unless she is eliminated, condition of Nanku's wife will not improve.On hearing this, Nanku and three other relatives dragged her out of the house and started beating her with lathis due to which she fell unconscious. Her husband Mohan Charhe was out when the incident occurred.On receiving information about the assault on Dhani, her brother Mantik Murmu rushed to the spot and informed the Churchu police about the incident. The police then removed Dhani from the house and shifted her to a hospital where she succumbed to her injuries.Later Mantik lodged an FIR against Nanku and three others in the Churchu PS. The Churchu police arrested Nanku and three others- all women for killing Dhani. The people of the locality said Dhani was innocent and had nothing to do with witchcraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "uluberia (howrah)", "code": "16597321", "title": "Mamata showers goodies on Howrah", "text": "ULUBERIA (HOWRAH): The bitter pullout from UPA and the growing fiscal crisis didn't make any difference to chief minister Mamata Banerjee as she doled out promises of nearly Rs 1,000 crore to the people of Howrah on Friday.\"Takar sonkhya ta bole din (Mention the amounts),\" she told the announcer as she handed over cheques to beneficiaries of several schemes, many of them centrally sponsored.Mamata had her own take on subsidy. The government is supposed to plough back the tax collected as subsidy to the common man, she told the gathering at Uluberia.\"When people say that the government has no money to subsidize essential items, I point to the taxes that are collected. The Centre takes all of it. Where does it go? The Centre is supposed to return it to the poor,\" she said. \"There are some who are threatening us. They should remember that Bengal is the highest producer of paddy in the country. Nobody can get anywhere by threatening me.\"At the public meeting in Uluberia, she promised a burn unit and an ITU at Howrah District Hospital. She also announced that it would have a fair-price medicine shop that would sell medicines at 30-40% of MRP. Uluberia would get a super-specialty hospital, she said.Mother and child centres will be set up at Howrah and Uluberia hospitals at a cost of Rs 15 crore, the CM promised. A tourism package, worth Rs 4 crore, is also in the works.\"We will set up a Ferris Wheel on the lines of the London Eye in Howrah. We shall also develop Garchumuk and Gadiara. We have already reserved 50% of seats in the panchayat elections for women. I hope they are ready to fight the elections,\" she said.In the afternoon, Mamata convened a meeting of the district administration and urged them to speed up development projects, particularly those connected to health and education.\"Central funds are lying unutilised. I have asked the DM, SDOs and BDOs to concentrate on Anganwadi (ICDS) centres and rural electrification. Those who have land can spare some for ICDS centres. They can name it after their ancestors. Maybe, the administration can arrange with the family that gives land and provide some jobs. This is the way jobs can be generated,\" Mamata said.The chief minister could not stay away from home truths and the fact that funds may dry up after her split from the Centre, but she blamed the Left for Bengal's ills.\"We were left a huge debt burden by the previous government. The CPM was the proverbial 'Jagaddal' stone that refused to budge or do any good. Before the elections in the state, the Prime Minister had promised to help us out. The Centre had acknowledged that we whould not have to carry this debt burden. But nothing was done to ease the pressure,\" Mamata said, adding that Bengal will rise, \"whether anyone likes it or not\".Mamata slammed the Congress-led UPA government's \"anti-people policies\". \"Now they have imposed an additional burden on the people by charging service tax on the railways. Not only will AC fares go up, even freight movement will become costlier. This will affect the common man. They want farmers to suffer, and grocers to shut down. They want Walmart to control everything. I shall not allow that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kochi/ thiruvantapuram", "code": "16597741", "title": "Kerala High Court proposal unlikely to hit booze business", "text": "KOCHI/ THIRUVANTAPURAM: The suggestion by Kerala High Court to prohibit liquor sale till 5pm is unlikely to yield any positive result. Bar hotel and restaurant associations in the state were of the view that if implemented, the suggestion might trigger a spate of alcohol consumption-related social issues. According to Kerala Bar and Hotel Association (KBHA) general secretary M D Dhanesh, restrictions on bar hotels would help the black marketeers to make a strong comeback. \"Everybody knows that business at bar hotels peaks during evenings. Only around 30% of the total business happens during day time. Bars in coastal areas are the only exceptions,\" he said. KBHA working president Jose Pradeep said: \"In city, bars don't register much business during the day. Except for a few habitual drinkers, there are hardly any customers between 10 am and 5 pm. But it may adversely affect the tourism sector since tourists usually drink during the day. The government should consider implementing the suggestion only after a thorough discussion with various stakeholders.\" However, he pointed out the bars in rural areas register brisk business right from the morning till late evening. \"In rural area, daytime business contributes 50% to the total volume while it is just 20% in urban areas. In city, people come to bars only late in the evening. Majority of them are from middle and upper income group,\" he said. However, Kerala Hotel and Restaurant Association termed the court's observation as unrealistic. Association general secretary Jose Mohan said restricting the working hours of bar hotels will help the state beverages corporation to increase its market presence. \"While the ratio of liquor sale from bar hotels and beverages outlets was 40:60 until the working hours of bar hotels was curtailed, the ratio has now changed to 20:80,\" he said. The drinking habit of upper class citizens is much different from the working class of the rural area. \"We get only 20 to 30 customers during the day while it touches close to 100 between 6 pm and 11 pm,\" said manager of a bar in Kochi. He added that the bar witnessed heavy flow of customers during the day time on weekends and holidays. The government revenue from liquor sales has shot up to Rs 7,000 crore from Rs 2,700 crore over the past six years. Many in liquor industry feel that the sudden surge in revenue was the result of the stringent action taken by successive government against the smuggling of spirit. Measures like restricting the working hours of bar hotels would once again lead to re-emergence of the illicit spirit lobby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16596713", "title": "IIM-A panel fails to shortlist names for director's post", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In two separate meetings held on Friday by the IIM-A board of governors and the search committee, the institute did not arrive at a conclusion regarding the names of three potential candidates for the post of director.While the pre-lunch session was a quarterly review meeting with the board members, the post-lunch session saw the search committee working to shortlist names of candidates for director of IIM-A.\"There was no unanimity among the members of the search committee during the meeting. There could even be more interviews now,\" said an institute source.So far, the institute has held several meetings to select the successor of the present director Samir Barua, whose term ends on November 7. Sources said that with so much disagreement and with A M Naik - L&T; chief and chairman of IIM-A board - travelling overseas in October, the selection process may take longer than expected and will go on till November-end.\"It is not likely that the process will end by November 7,\" said another source. \"The next board meeting will be in the end of October or in the first week of November. The names have not been shortlisted yet and we cannot send out names to the Centre without discussing them in the board. An officiating dean is expected to take charge as the director during the period between Barua's vacating and the new director being appointed.\"The process to short list names of candidates for the position of director IIM-A is still ongoing, said a press release from the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16596298", "title": "Goons fire at builder's house", "text": "PUNE: A city-based builder, who had received extortion threats for three months between May and July, escaped unhurt when two unidentified persons fired a bullet at his bungalow at the Mahatma society in Kothrud on Thursday night. The bullet pierced through the window pane and landed in the drawing room of the bungalow, the police said.\"The builder, Sheshram Nainajai Chaudhari (55), who had received the last extortion call on July 8, was provided police protection for a month but, the same was removed by the police after a reassessment of threat as there were no further extortion calls thereafter,\" Kothrud police in charge inspector S B Navale told TOI on Friday. \"The police had advised Chaudhari to hire private security but, he did not follow the advice. We have given him fresh police protection after last night's incident,\" said Navale.When contacted, Chaudhari said, \"I received the first extortion call in May after which there was an incident of attack on my office boy on June 12. I started receiving fresh calls from June 18 onwards following which the police had provided security cover to me for a month.\"Chaudhari said, \"I was in the drawing room, watching television with my wife, when we heard the sound of the window glass breaking around 9 pm. When we checked what happened, we found a part of the bullet cartridge in the drawing and the remaining part was later found in the bungalow compound by the police. The police have since provided me a fresh security cover.\"The Kothrud police have booked a criminal on police records, Laxman Jadhav and his two accomplices, in connection with the firing incident after Chaudhari lodged a complaint. An offence of attempt to murder and illegal possession of firearm has been registered. No arrest was reported till late Friday night.The close circuit television (CCTV) installed outside the builder's bungalow, captured images of the suspects, who had come on a motorcycle and immediately fled after firing a round at Chaudhari's bungalow. Chaudhari immediately informed the matter to the police. \"The suspects had used a country made pistol,\" said a senior police officer from the crime branch.Navale said, \"Chaudhari had been receiving threatening calls since May.On June 12, Chaudhari's employee Vinayak Jade was shot at from point blank range at Gosavi vasti in Kothrud by the person connected with Jadhav.Navale also said on June 18 and June 26, the suspects had called Chaudhari and demanded Rs 10 lakh. On July 8, Chaudhari was called in a sweet mart in Kothrud with the extortion amount.\"The police had registered an offence against the Jadhav for demanding extortion,\" Navale said. The police suspect that Thursday night's incident was for terrorising Chaudhari. \"We have launched a search for Jadhav and his accomplices,\" Navale added.eom/mt/Vk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16596769", "title": "Ghose film fest a grand success", "text": "KOLKATA: A three-day festival of Goutam Ghose films ended at Nandan on Friday. The festival was jointly organized by The Times of India and Beyond Dreams, an event management company that promotes indigenous art movements. All the five films were screened to packed houses since the festival was inaugurated on September 26.Two of the films were shown for the first time and hence, there was a lot of excitement among the audience at Nandan II where the festival was held. 'Maa Bhoomi' (Telegu), which was Ghose's first ever feature film, and 'Patang', starring Shabana Azmi , left the audience spellbound. 'Maa Bhoomi' talks about the Telangana movement and was released only in Andhra Pradesh. Similarly, 'Patang' was not released because of its political undertones. \"I am so happy that my own city got to see these two films that are very special to me,\" Ghose said.Among the celebrities present at the inauguration were Ranjit Mullick, Locket Chatterjee, fashion designer Sharbari Dutta, danseuse Alokananda Roy and Abida Islam, the Bangladesh deputy high commissioner. The festival kicked off with the screening of 'Moner Manush' that was a joint production of India and Bangladesh. It ended with the screening of 'Padma Nadir Majhi'.A book on Ghose was released on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16597141", "title": "2 managing directors of Tamil emu farm held", "text": "COIMBATORE: The sleuths of Economic Offences Wing (EOW) have arrested managing directors of Tamil emu farm India private limited at Kangeyam in Tirupur district on Friday. They have been identified as C Tamil Prabhu (28) of Kumaran Colony near Vadapalani in Chennai and C Rajasekar (32) from Ammapettai near Bhavani in Erode district.Police said the firm was founded by Rajasekar who encountered severe losses. Consequently, he handed over the firm to Tamil Prabhu to run operations as managing director. The duo had collected at least Rs 1 crore from various people in Tirupur, Erode and Thoothukudi districts. Initially, the duo made the promised payments to investors. Three months ago, they stopped making any payments. When the investors began to approach them, the culprits absconded.D Sathish (22), a farmer from Periyakattupalayam near Perundurai in Erode district had invested Rs 3 lakh in Tamil emu farm at Kangeyam on April 2, 2012. He lodged a complaint with EOW, Coimbatore on Thursday. The sleuths arrested the duo on Friday.Police said Tamil Prabhu who was pursuing a diploma in textile technology discontinued the course. A native of Velli Tirupur in Erode district, he had gone to Chennai six years ago. He worked under a cinema director for a while. Two years ago, he directed his first Tamil movie 'Manushi'. The film is yet to be released. He told police that K S Ravichandran, a private financier took his money and is now absconding. Sleuths have decided to take Ravichandran into their custody for investigation.Another accused, Vasanthakumar from Kanjikonampalayam, a manager in the firm is still absconding. Police have received 15 complaints against the firm. They have called for more victims to come forward and register their complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16597553", "title": "Ludhiana stock exchange polls under scanner", "text": "LUDHIANA: Elections of the Ludhiana Stock Exchange (LSE) Securities for the vacant posts of directors that were held on September 15 have come under scanner following a complaint by a member of LSE to commissioner of police Ishwar Singh, alleging forgery of signatures on proxy forms during the polls.In the complaint, Raghunath Enclave resident Gautam Jindal said LSE Securities Limited is a subsidiary of Ludhiana Stock Exchange, Feroze Gandhi market. He wrote that the 13th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of LSE Securities was conducted on September 15 and the elections for two vacated posts of directors was held on the same day. However, Jindal has alleged that during the pre-election process, certain proxy forms were evidently submitted by some members, which correspond to folio numbers whose shareholders were already dead before the date of the issuance of the notice for the AGM.Further naming the shareholder, Raghunath Enclave resident Gautam Jindal has alleged that Chand Krishan Hazari had expired on May 1 but signatures were forged and falsely placed on the proxy forms to illegally befit a few in the election process. \"Forgery was committed by the persons in whose favour the proxy was fabricated in connivance with the family of the deceased shareholder and the officials concerned,\" read the complaint.\"The commissioner of police has already marked the application to police station division number 5,\" he said. Inspector Nirmal Singh said, \"Assistant sub-inspector Jasvinder Singh will probe the matter.\" Jasvinder, however, said he was yet to receive the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16597459", "title": "Cameron snubbed Obama for tennis?", "text": "LONDON: The husband to ex-Sun editor Rebekah Brooks has claimed that British PM David Cameron once snubbed a call from US President Barack Obama to carry on a game of tennis, a remark dismissed by 10 Downing Street.Cameron's friend Charlie Brooks said they were in the middle of a game at Chequers when Obama phoned. The PM opted to reject the call and play the third set, Brooks claimed, according to BBC. But officials said they cannot find records of the incident.Brooks, also a racehorse trainer, was at Eton school with the PM. He told the Racing Post, \"I played tennis with him (Cameron) at Chequers one day. I won the first set easily, then he won the second set, and then someone came up to him and said, 'Er, Mr Obama is on the phone for you, prime minister'.\" \"I thought, 'OK, we'll have to leave it there'. But he said, 'I think we've got time for a third set - tell Mr Obama I'll ring him back'. He obviously thought he had me on the ropes. And I beat him two sets to one.\"The source said Downing Street officials are bemused by Brooks' remarks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16600021", "title": "Daniel Craig's swimming trunks up for charity auction", "text": "The blue swimming trunks, which Daniel Craig wore during a scene in 'Casino Royale,' is set to fetch hundreds of thousands of pounds for charity in an online auction.The shorts are just one of 50 items of James Bond memorabilia to be sold in Christie's charity sale to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the first 007 movie ' Dr No ,' the Daily Mail reported.Other lots include a one-third scale model of an Aston Martin DB5 used in the filming of ' Skyfall ,' the next Bond adventure set to hit the big screen in October.The car was used in earlier Bond films and has become closely associated with the fictional double agent.The model is expected to fetch 30,000 pounds to 40,000 pounds, while another Aston Martin built in 2008 and used in the opening sequence of the last Bond movie ' Quantum of Solace ' has a price tag of 100,000 pounds to 150,000 pounds.There is also a special edition of Bollinger champagne set to make 10,000 pounds to 15,000 pounds.Among the smaller items being sold are 10 tarot cards used by Jane Seymour who played Solitaire in ' Live and Let Die ' and a belt with a golden bullet buckle worn by Christopher Lee as Scaramanga in ' The Man With the Golden Gun .'Those with eyes on Craig's swimming shorts may also like to go for the pair of Tom Ford sunglasses he wore in ' Quantum of Solace ,' which comes with an expected price tag of 2,000 pounds to 3,000 pounds.The auction, which will raise funds for a range of charities including Unicef , is one of a series of events being held around the world to mark the anniversary of one of the world's longest-running and most successful film franchises.Forty lots will be sold online between September 28 and October 8, while 10 of the star items have been reserved for a live auction on October 5 - 'Global James Bond Day' at Christie's offices in South Kensington, London.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16597640", "title": "HDMC cracks whip against illegal hoardings in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Companies and ad agencies putting up illegal hoardings across the twin cities can no longer escape the noose of the HDMC. Sending across a strong message to canny companies, the city corporation has now made display of licence and other details on the hoardings mandatory.As per the HDMC's instructions, all companies and ad agencies must display the licence issued by the corporation on their hoardings, including details like the period of permission, contact number of ad agency, and other details. With this, the HDMC can easily identify the hoardings, which are legal and which are not. The hoardings which do not have the licence number and contact numbers will be treated as illegal and will be removed immediately, said M N Puttannavar, inspector, marketing department, HDMC, told TOI.The measure comes in the wake of elected representatives and the public expressing their displeasure against the HDMC for not acting tough against mushrooming illegal hoardings in the twin cities.Apart from spoiling the look of the city, hoardings in huge numbers also distract vehicle riders. The HDMC launched a drive against illegal hoardings last month and has already removed nearly 232 illegal hoarding put up in the twin cities, of which 165 were found in Hubli alone.Every year, the HDMC suffers a loss up to Rs 50-60 lakh due to illegal hoardings. Veerendra Kundagol, joint commissioner, HDMC said, \"We have now made it a point to collect fees compulsorily from the ad agencies before issuing permission every year. Erlier, we used to collect fees after putting the hoarding.\"\"We will also collect deposit amount depending on the number of hoardings they put up and we will return the deposit after the expiry of validity. If an ad agency fails to remove its hoarding immediately after the expiry of their stipulated period, we will remove it and deduct the amount spent for it from the deposit amount,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16597834", "title": "Corporation contractors plan indefinite strike", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The corporation authorities have failed miserably to resolve the ongoing non-cooperation protest launched by the contractors in its areas three months ago. The contractors have been boycotting tender proceedings of all civil works in protest against civic body's lethargy in clearing the pending bills and payments.The contractors are now planning to launch an indefinite strike. A meeting in this regard will be held on Wednesday.Civic body has paid only Rs 2 crore to the contractors and is yet to clear around 150 bills amounting Rs 8 crore. Civil works, including the repair and construction of roads, footpath and drainage worth Rs 4 crore, have been progressing at various parts of the corporation.According to the Kerala Government Contractors' Federation, bills since March 2012 have not been cleared by the accounts department of the corporation. The contractors said skyrocketing prices of construction materials have also hit the construction sector and they cannot take up civil works at the existing tender rate. They also said the state government had revised the tender rate for the civil works of the local self-government institutions in 2010.\"The assistant executive engineers, who were transferred two years back, neither issued nor cleared the bills of works completed by the contractors,\" said V K Vijeesh Kumar, secretary of the corporation unit of the Kerala Government Contractors' Federation. \"The contractors have been directed to refrain from the tender proceedings of the civic body,\" he said.Public works standing committee chairman M Mohanan said that talks held with the contractors were inconclusive. \"Boycotting of tender has started affecting the projects prepared utilizing the planning fund. We have directed the assistant engineers to clear the pending bills and a meeting will be held in a week to solve the present crisis situation,\" he said.\"The civic body is not in a position to make one-time settlement of pending amount owing to financial crunch. We will write a letter to chief minister Oommen Chandy to release pending funds to the tune of more than Rs 20 crore to the civic body and will soon clear the bills of contractors,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16597962", "title": "A stream used to flow on Mars, finds Curiosity", "text": "WASHINGTON: Nasa's Curiosity rover has found geological evidence of water which once ran vigorously across the area on Mars, after discovering gravel carried by an ancient stream on the Red planet.There is earlier evidence for the presence of water on Mars, but the latest images of rocks containing ancient streambed gravels are the first of its kind, Nasa said.\"From the size of gravels it carried, we can interpret the water was moving about 3 feet per second, with a depth somewhere between ankle and hip deep,\" said Curiosity science co-investigator William Dietrich from the University of California , Berkeley.\"This is the first time we're actually seeing water-transported gravel on Mars. This is a transition from speculation about the size of streambed material to direct observation of it,\" Dietrich said.The site lies between the north rim of Gale Crater and the base of Mount Sharp, a mountain inside the crater. The discovery comes from examining two outcrops, called 'Hottah' and 'Link', with Curiosity's mast camera.The imagery shows an alluvial fan of material washed down from the rim, streaked by many apparent channels, sitting uphill of the new finds.The rounded shape of some stones indicates long-distance transport from above the rim, where a channel named Peace Vallis feeds into the alluvial fan.The abundance of channels in the fan between the rim and conglomerate suggests flows continued or repeated over a long time, not just once or for a few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595560", "title": "Woman molested by godman in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A 45-year-old self-styled godman was booked by Yashodhara Nagar police after a married woman lodged a complaint regarding outraging of modesty on Thursday. It is learnt that the 22-year-old victim and her husband had approached accused Ravishankar Thaokar for magic and spells to beget children.Sunita (name changed) was taken to a room meant for worshipping and rituals. Thaokar asked her husband to wait in a different room. When alone in the room, Thaokar made sexual advances towards the woman. Upset with the godman's advances Sunita and her husband decided to file a complaint with police.This is the second incident of molestation being reported in city in two days. Earlier, a teenager had complained against a so-called 'baba' and his accomplices for having exploited her. Her complaint was lodged at Jaripatka police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "16597380", "title": "Nursing college girls accuse tutor of harassment", "text": "PALANPUR: Close to 36 girls of Government Nursing College in Dharpur near Patan are up in arms against a tutor-cum-demonstrator, who they accuse of \"harassment\" and \"misbehavior\".Senior education department officials rushed to the college on Friday to defuse the tension created after the girls submitted an application to the local police and later approached the district collector and vice-chancellor of Hemchandracharya North Gujarat University with a memorandum against tutor Dinesh Patidar. According to sources, the trouble started after large number of second year girl students were declared failed in the examinations. Of the 36, only seven passed fully, while seven passed with grace marks. Eleven were allowed to keep term (ATKT) and 11 were declared failed.It was only after fervent appeal and hectic persuasion by senior education department authorities that the girls withdrew their police application on Friday. Assistant director of nursing department Mahima Gohil and deputy director of nursing RN Mehta had to rush to Patan to placate the girls.Some girls that TOI talked to alleged that Patidar frequently harassed them and asked them to remain in \"close contact\" with him. \"He told us that if we oblige to his demands, we will never fail,\" a student said, requesting anonymity.\"We had taken the extreme step of seeking the police protection as the harassment was getting unbearable,\" another student said.Principal of the college Saroj Christian said, \"We have assured the girls that their papers we will reexamined and their complaints against the tutor will be investigated.\"Christian also expressed surprise at the large number of girls failing in the exam.Inspector K R Pathan, who was looking into the complaint, said, \"Since they have withdrawn the application, we also have stopped further inquiry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596651", "title": "Disaster body for panel to monitor highrises in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Noting that the city has grown vertically in the past years with highrises being constructed, the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) has suggested that a committee be set up by the state to check disaster preparedness of highrise buildings.The NMDA will soon write to the state government and ask it to set up the monitoring panel at the earliest, NDMA vice-chairman M Shashidhar Reddy said, adding that other states have been asked to set up similar committees for metros like Delhi and Mumbai.\"Chennai may not have as many highrises as Mumbai and Delhi, but over the past five years, developers have constructed several tall buildings in the city,\" he said. \"We need to have these buildings checked and monitored to deal with any possible disaster.\"Though Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) has a multi-storeyed building committee and an enforcement cell to approve and monitor building plans, Reddy said the purview of the highrise buildings committee would extend to examining minute details like electrical wiring of the building, facade, height, strength and issues related to fire safety.\"The proposed panel will look at details of buildings, evaluate their strength, and calculate how prepared they are to withstand a disaster.\"Noting that Chennai is classified as being in Seismic Zone 3, which means that the city is at moderate risk of damage from earthquakes. The panel will consist of professionals, urban experts, residents and government officials. CMDA, however, is not keen on a committee on the lines suggested by the NDMA.\"We already have a committee that approves building plans and an enforcement cell. We also have a monitoring panel to check for violations. Another panel will only cause confusion,\" said a senior CMDA official. He admitted that the enforcement cell is facing a staff crunch. \"Several buildings violate safety norms and are vulnerable in a disaster,\" the official said. \"We are trying to penalise violators but the shortage of staff is impeding the process,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16599503", "title": "RGV\u2019s Bhoot Returns is Boochi in Telugu", "text": "Ram Gopal Varma has managed to create great buzz in his first 3D film Bhoot Returns by launching an innovative first poster, which has an optical illusion of a girl with a bleeding lip. The maverick director has now titled his Bhoot Returns as Boochi in Telugu (dubbed version) and is releasing on October 26.The film, which is tipped a sequel to Bhoot, has J D Chakravarthy and Manisha Koirala in the lead roles. Eros International will release the film worldwide Oct 12 while the Telugu version will hit the screens on October 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16597529", "title": "41 days on, mystery shrouds moneychanger\u2019s murder", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sukhjinder Singh, a moneychanger, was brutally murdered nearly 41 days ago but the police have not been able to trace any clues leading to the killers. The man was found with his throat slit at his office on Rahon Road, on the morning of August 17.Though a case was registered at Basti Jodhewal police station, SHO Balwinder Singh admitted that they were still clueless, but did not reveal any details of the investigation.When contacted, additional deputy commissioner of police, zone 4, Sushil Kumar, said there were no developments in the case. Sukhjinder lived at Bajra village, situated near Ludhiana city, and had been doing his business in the city for the past five years.The victim's office was made in a busy market area, however, it is surprising that no body got aware of the commotion that might have taken place when Sukhjinder was strangled with a rope.Cops had initially found a CCTV camera installed at a nearby shop but nothing major could be seen in the footage. Sukhjinder is survived by his wife and two sons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16596573", "title": "Kishore Chandra Deo calls for more powers to panchayats in Kashmir", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress stirred Kashmir's panchayat pot further with Union minister Kishore Chandra Deo lamenting that the state had not devolved powers to grassroots institutions and had dashed the hopes raised by successful elections held after three decades.In the wake of killing of sarpanchs by terrorists, panchayati raj minister Deo expressed concern and asked the state to give \"adequate security\" to representatives of panchayati raj Institutions.Deo lamented that training imparted by his ministry to 29,719 panchs and 4128 sarpanchs from J&K; had come to naught in the absence of any real powers being given to them. \"Holding successfully the much-awaited elections to PRIs in J&K; had given rise to hopes that the democratic process in the strife-torn state would now be on the rails,\" he said, in a tone conveying it was an opportunity lost.The statement putting the Omar Abdullah government in the dock follows sudden Congress focus on the problems of panchayat leaders in the state. The gunning down of sarpanchs and their mass resignations turned into national focus when Rahul Gandhi raised the issue in Congress Working Committee on Tuesday and called it a \"serious matter\".As if on cue, party activity on this front has only got intense. While a panchayat delegation from the state met Rahul on Thursday and junior home minister Jitendra Singh asked the Union home secretary to provide for security of panchayat leaders in J&K;, the Youth Congress has launched an agitation to force the Abdullah administration to devolve powers to PRIs.The concerted Congress focus has put Abdullah on the defensive while earning the campaign the billing of \"Rahul vs Omar\" battle. Both sides have denied any personal tussle between the heir apparents of Congress and National Conference but indications suggest Congress may only stoke the issue further till it sees a conclusion of its liking where it can claim victory.The agitational activity despite being in the ruling coalition is seen to help Congress reactivate its organizational machinery after its workers turned inert over being sidelined in the Abdullah government.According to observers, Congress was trying to identify itself with a national issue since the disappointment of panchayats is threatening to cede the upper hand of hardline elements opposed to cementing of democracy in the strife-torn state.While Rahul's initiative at the CWC was about J&K;, there are signs of panchayats being his new mobilizational tool. After the CWC, the young leader went to Jharkhand and repeatedly said how panchayats remained powerless despite elections in the state while also referring to Kashmir in the same breath. He added he would fight to get them real powers of governance.The focus on panchayats could be a new strategy to win over the vast rural base that sees the strengthening of panchayats as cementing of local governance in which they have a direct stake. Rahul would be the Congress mascot in 2014 polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16596258", "title": "Light showers break dry spell in Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: An overcast sky in the afternoon followed by a clap of thunder on Friday was a welcome sign of a break in the longest dry spell of the season. The spell had raised some concerns among the farming community.The city received some light showers in the evening which provided relief from the heat. The temperature was a degree above normal for the last few days.\"A total of 02.0mm of rainfall was recorded on Friday evening,\" a source at meteorological centre, Altinho, said. The light drizzle started at 5.35pm and continued till 7.15pm. Heavy rainfall was reported in Margao and some other centres, but no information was available.With barely two days remaining for the monsoon season to end, the seasonal total which has reached 2689.3 (about 107 inches) is unlikely to surge much further.The state had witnessed the longest dry spell of the season from September 22 barring 1.0mm recorded on September 24, 2012. Overall, the monsoon season has been normal., although the rainfall in July was deficient.The met department has forecast a cloudy sky with one or two spells or rain or thundershowers in and around Panaji . The minimum and maximum temperature is likely to slide down a little bit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16596655", "title": "Senior IAF officer visits Air Force Station", "text": "KANPUR: Air Vice Marshal, JS Kler (Vayusena Medal), Senior Air and Administration Staff Officer Headquarter Maintenance Command Indian Air Force visited Air Force Station here on Friday as part of his three-day visit.The official also participated in Aero Space Safety Council meeting on the first day of his visit on Thursday which was organized under the aegis of Headquarter Maintenance Command, Indian Air Force.On Friday, he visited 1 Base Repair Depot, 4 Base Repair Depot and 29 Equipment Depot and inspected the repair and overhauling facilities available for aircraft and Aero engines. He also inspected 1 BRD and 4 Base Repair Depot which is overhauling Aero Engines Viper, M-53 and R-29 which are fitted in Kiran, Mirage and Mig-27 Aircraft respectively.Air Traffic Control section, Meteorological section and Station Medicare centre were also a part of his inspection visit.He interacted with all Air Warriors and civilians of the station and emphasised the need of good workmanship.He also attended a programme of Umeed Asha Kiran, a venture for specially-abled children being managed by Air Force Wives Welfare Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16595160", "title": "'North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences cardiology dept on par with best in country'", "text": "SHILLONG: The cardiology department of the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) here has been one of the most functional departments of the institute since its inception.\"The department offers 24x7 service and treats an average of 70 patients everyday,\" Animesh Mishra, professor and head of the institute's cardiology department claimed. The department has saved the lives of scores of patients from across the country.For heart ailments, several procedures including highly specialized surgeries such as percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA) and coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) are performed regularly. \"Surgeries for closure of congenital hole in the heart are also performed,\" Mishra said.The NEIGRIHMS recently launched the first post doctoral course in cardiology. \"The cardiology department of NEIGRIHMS has all the infrastructural facilities at par with the best in the country, complete with faculty and equipment. Three years down the line, NEIGRIHMS will be in a position to provide a cardiologist to each of the states of the region,\" he added.Moreover, NEIGRIHMS also has a state-of-art blood bank with component separation facility like fresh frozen plasma and platelet concentrate.\"There have been many positive changes in NEIGRIHMS over the years,\" said AN Rai, vice chancellor of North Eastern Hills University (Nehu) to which NEIGRIHMS is affiliated. The VC outlined the need to \"accord due autonomy to NEIGRIHMS to enable the institute to offer its own degree to help doctors build a career with extensive exposure.\"Presently, NEIGRIHMS offers services in specialties like general surgery, orthopedics , cardiology, ophthalmology, ENT, pediatrics, urology, CTVS, general medicine, blood bank, pathology and biochemistry.The hospital further offers free treatment to patients with valid BPL cards. The hospital, which is centrally funded under the Rashtryiya Arogya Nidhi scheme, also offers treatments, drugs and implants free of cost.\"Janani Suraksha Yojna offers money to all women delivering babies in NEIGRIHMS. Free vaccination is also regularly provided in pediatric OPD,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16597116", "title": "No service tax on railway tickets booked before Oct 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: Passengers who have booked AC train tickets before October 1 will not have to pay service tax imposed by the finance ministry, the railways clarified on Friday.Also, in case of cancellation of tickets booked on or after October 1, the refundable amount will include service tax.After a public outcry, the railways, in consultation with the finance ministry, withdrew its earlier order that service tax would apply to tickets issued in advance for journeys to commence on or after October 1.Fares of all AC classes will go up by 3.7% from October 1 with service tax coming into force.A railways official said, \"Service tax will not be levied on tickets issued prior to October 1, and it would not be collected on board. Since service tax is leviable from October 1, it will be collected on the tickets issued on or after that date.\"Finance ministry hopes to collect Rs 300 crore from service tax on passenger fare and around Rs 3,000 crore on freight tariff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "16596127", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav suspends principal of Jhansi college", "text": "JHANSI: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav during a surprise inspection of the medical college found doctors and nurses missing from the duty. When he started inquiring the problems of patients directly, he was told that they have to buy medicines from outside and even have to get their X-Rays from outside despite various facilities. The CM was highly perturbed by seeing these shortcomings and as a result he issued a suspension order to Ganesh Kumar, Principal of Maharani Laxmibai College, late in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16594775", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation plans eco friendly immersion of Ganesh idols", "text": "INDORE: In a move to prevent water bodies getting polluted due to immersion of idols, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has chalk out an eco friendly plan for immersion of Lord Ganesh idols. The civic body has urged citizens not to immerse idols in water bodies.To prevent people from directly immersining idols in the lakes around the city, IMC has made arrangements for symbolic immersion on the banks of every lake around city. Symbolic immersion of Ganesh idols can be made at the IMC head office, all the zonal offices, Krishnapura Chhatri, all important crossings of the city, Sirpur Lake, Bilwali lake, Limbodi Lake and Yeshwant Sagar. People can carry out symbolic immersion at the given places from 2 pm on September 29 to 10 am on September 30.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said that at the designated places a platform has been made with a water tank, wherein people can perform puja to carry out symbolic immersion and leave the idols there. Thereafter civic body will collect all the idols for mass immersion at Jawahar Tekadi.Civic officials said that this time they had organised a workshop to make people aware about eco-friendly idols, but still large numbers of idols are made of plaster of paris which does not dissolve easily in water. It causes huge damage to water bodies and environment.Moghe said that last year they had collected around 50 trucks of idols which were later immersed at Jawahar Tekadi with proper religious process. This way they have managed to keep a check on pollution of water bodies.Civic body has also urged the people to take off all the decorative items, garlands, plastic matter, cloths and other puja material from the idols before immersion. \"Puja materials, plastics and food items will be immersed separately in a eco-friendly way,\" said civic officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16596277", "title": "Monorail trial run in November?", "text": "MUMBAI: The monorail may have its first trial run of 10 km on half of the project route from Chembur to Wadala by November. The monorail's two-way track system is expected to be ready by November. However, stations and signalling will take time till March next year.\"We expect the trial run by November-end,\" said MMRDA chief Rahul Asthana. While half the route between Chembur and Wadala has seen faster progress, route between Wadala and Jacob Circle is progressing slowly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596698", "title": "Destitute reunites with brother after 18 months", "text": "CHENNAI: A 22-year-old mentally-ill man, who disappeared from a construction site in the city 18 months ago, was rescued by an NGO volunteer near Nungambakkam on September 25. Two days later, he revealed his identity as Ashok and was reunited with his elder brother, a construction worker.Social worker P N Sundaresan and Santhosh, a volunteer of NGO Udhavum Karangal, saw the man sitting on the road side near a park in Nungambakkam.The neighbours complained that the man was creating a ruckus during odd hours. After bringing him to the Udhavum Karangal office in Thiruverkadu, the caretakers cleaned him and counsellor Jaya Krishnamurthy spoke to him for some time.\"He seems to have a mental condition. He identified himself as Ashok of Gangapur village in Orissa. We verified the details with people there and got the information that his brother Sibaram works at a construction site here. We called Sibaram who identified his brother. It was a happy reunion,\" said Udhavum Karangal founder-director S Vidyakar.Sibaram told the volunteers that his brother was mentally disturbed since the age of 15. \"We didn't allow him to go out, but when the family had a crisis, I took him, when he was 20, to Uttar Pradesh for construction work. In 2011, I came to Chennai with him. Within a couple of days he disappeared. I spent a few weeks in search of my brother and I continued to work. In between work, I kept searching for him. I am happy that he is back,\" Sibaram said.Sibaram returned with Ashok to his hometown by train on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16596260", "title": "Bias against leprosy-affected to be documented", "text": "PUNE: The city-basedd in association with Nippon Foundation of Japan has taken up a project of documenting cases of discrimination against leprosy-affected persons in the country. In the first phase of the project, which began last month, 60 case studies from Maharashtra, Chattisgarh, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal , Rajasthan and Orissa will be documented and a report will be submitted to the respective state governments. Seven cases from Sangli and Pimpri have already been documented.Project head Indranath Banerjee, who is a researcher at Nippon Foundation, said, \"Leprosy patients have been facing discrimination for several years now. However, no cases have been recorded so far. Documentation will play an important part 20 years from now. Maybe the person on whom the report is based wouldn't be alive by then, but the document will help policy-makers in framing appropriate laws for leprosy-affected people.\"Countries like the UK, Australia, Russia and the US have documented such cases. Similar effort was needed in India, given the number of cases found each year. Among the seven cases documented so far, three were of social discrimination faced by children, while four pertained to government institutions which were involved in discriminating against leprosy-affected people, he said.\"In one of the cases, an institution told a person to leave work after he was found to have leprosy. The person was not even given any letter, compensation or allied benefits,\" Banerjee said.The project will be carried over for a period of three years while the first draft will be ready in a year. The data will be made available to individuals, non-governmental organisations and activists working in the field. Detailed findings and recommendations for corrective measures will also be included in the report.Sharadchandra Gokhale, chairman, International Leprosy Union, said, \"Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu have a history of cases where discrimination against leprosy-affected people have occurred, while Chattisgarh is a state with high prevalence of leprosy and the health system is not very powerful. We also decided to carry out the study in states where prevalence is not very high, so we involved Rajasthan and Orissa. The project is important for empowerment of affected people and their families to help them regain their loss of dignity\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16594923", "title": "Cops on toes ahead of immersion today", "text": "HYDERABAD: Security has been beefed up in the Old City in view of the main Ganesh procession to be taken out on Saturday. Friday prayers went off peacefully with several mosques covered in white cloth to ensure namazis were not disturbed by the noise emerging from the processions on the streets. Around 550 idols were immersed in Palle Cheruvu and 12 idols were immersed in Mir Alam Tank on Thursday.Members of various Ganesh pandal committees went around setting up watchtowers from where they could observe and direct the processions. Trucks were being readied to carry the idols to the Hussainsagar. Even as parents with kids in tow thronged pandals to get prasad and food, which was freely distributed to the devout, barricades were being erected along procession routes and temporary lights were being set up. Saffron buntings fluttered on electricity poles and on buildings from Falaknuma to Lal Darwaza crossroads and along Pathergatti to Nayapul stretch.There was heavier police bandobust in area around important mosques, dargahs and chillas along the main procession route such as Afzalgunj Masjid, Siddiamber Bazaar Masjid and Ek Minar mosque in Nampally were covered with white cloth as preemptive security measures to allow Friday prayers to continue undisturbed.There are as many as 1,269 pandals in the Old City alone which are expected to take out processions on Saturday. A total force of around 5,000 security personnel is being deployed in the South Zone, particularly in sensitive areas. A police constable will accompany each idol.According to sources, apart from Nagulchinta, the police have identified the area near Rajesh Medical Hall at Asha Talkies Junction as pressure point. Apart from these places, other sensitive areas include Aliabad and Gowlipura.According to sources, among the 300 communally hypersensitive and 580 sensitive areas in the city, 105 hypersensitive and 126 sensitive areas are in the Old City alone. Pickets have been set up and rooftop security deployed to keep an eye on the procession and to prevent stone pelting. An officer of DSP rank will be posted along key locations of Nagulchinta, Asha Talkies junction, Charminar bus stand, Charminar, Pathergatti, Madina and Nayapul.According to South Zone GHMC commissioner N Ravi Kiran, around 6,000 temporary lights have been installed across the Old City as per cops' instructions.Road patchwork to facilitate smooth flow of trucks carrying Ganesha idols has been completed in Balapur, Chandrayangutta, Saroornagar, Gowlipura, Begum Bazaar, Moosabowli, Saidabad, Nayapul, Petlaburj and Falaknuma, informed officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16596749", "title": "Pune readies for Bappa's farewell", "text": "PUNE: Friday saw mandal workers busy adding final touches to ornate palanquins and chariots to give 'bappa' a grand send-off. After 10 days of festivities, a grand adieu awaits Pune's favourite God on Saturday.Five prominent mandals have the honour of leading the procession. Kasba Ganapati, the first 'manacha' Ganapati, would be carried in a silver palanquin on Saturday, said Anil Panse, member of the Kasba Ganapati Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Mandal.\"The palanquin has a history going back 29 years. Devotees would place the idol in the palanquin and carry the lord in a procession. It is sad to see Ganapati go. The days passed like a breeze, and it is like bidding farewell to a family member,\" he said.'Uttar puja', which is performed before the immersion procession, will be conducted at 8 am on Saturday at the Kasba Ganapati pandal, he said.\"Like the 'pran pratishthapana puja' that aims at pouring life into the idol, the 'uttar puja' is performed to reverse the process. The procession will start from the Tilak statue near the Mahatma Phule Mandai, where the Pune mayor will garland the Kasba Ganapati idol,\" said Panse.The second Ganapati of honour, Tambadi Jogeshwari, has a 21-year-old silver 'palkhi' ready for Saturday's procession.\"Apart from dhol tasha groups, the procession will also have 20-30 employees of a city-based bank. They would be holding placards spreading social messages of importance,\" said an office bearer.The 'Rajhans rath' will be carrying the Guruji Talim Ganapati, the third Ganapati of honour. \"The chariot has been prepared using 20 types of colourful flowers. As the procession proceeds, Jayant Nagarkar would deliver his rendition of the 'nagara', while three dhol tasha groups along with a brass band would spread enthusiasm among those participating. We are sad that the festival has come to a close, but we will wait in anticipation for 'bappa's' arrival next year,\" said Prithviraj Pardeshi, working president, Guruji Talim Mandal Trust.Tulshibaug, the fourth Ganapati of honour, will be carried in the 'Mayur Rath' which is styled as a peacock and is made of fiberglass.\"The chariot goes well with the pandal decor, which too has been themed on the rich colours of the peacock,\" said Vinayak Kadam, vice-president of the Tulshibaug mandal.The Kesari wada Ganapati, the fifth Ganapati of honour, will be carried in a wooden palanquin and join the other manache Ganapati on the Laxmi Road route.Among the other important mandals, Dagdusheth Halwai Sarvajanik Ganapati Trust has built a chariot using 50,000 LED lights. This too is called the 'Rajhans rath'. \"The day will begin with 'Ganesh aarti' in the pandal at 6.30 am. The idol will then be taken to the temple, and the procession will later begin from Belbaug chowk.The duration of the immersion procession is expected to be shorter this time, particularly because of the excellent co-ordination between the mandals and the police,\" said Mahesh Suryavanshi, treasurer of the trust.The Hatti Ganapati Mandal has built a 22-foot 'Sheesh Mahal' for their idol. Its fiber-glass exterior compliments the glass interiors. The final touches to the Rs 2-lakh chariot were given on Friday night.Eom/neha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16595307", "title": "Techie arrested thrice in a year for theft on train", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Old habits die hard. A mechanical engineer, who was arrested twice last year on charges of theft on trains, has landed in the police net yet again for committing the same crime.The accused, Pradipta Kumar Mohapatra (35), works in a private company at Balasore. Earlier, he worked with a private company in Bhubaneswar. He was arrested from an AC coach of Santragachi-Mangalore Express by the special task force team of railway protection force (RPF).\"We seized stolen articles like ATM cards, mobile phones and purses from him. He was handed over to the government railway police,\" said Barun Behera, inspector of Bhubaneswar RPF unit.Mohapatra, son of a retired OAS officer and brother of a doctor, was earlier arrested on October 12, 2011 and February 13, 2011.Describing his modus operandi, the inspector said Mohapatra used to con passengers by projecting himself as a business executive. He used to target elite passengers in AC coaches. \"He always travels with valid tickets,\" Behera said.Sources said the Bhubaneswar GRP has so far registered total five cases against him. \"He is a habitual offender and was also arrested in Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal in the past,\" a GRP officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16596309", "title": "4 held for dacoity at Tathawade", "text": "PUNE: With the arrest of four men on Friday, the Pune crime branch claimed to have solved a dacoity which took place at Tathawade on September 24.The police have recovered Rs 21,000 worth of stolen goods from the gang. The men arrested are Putraj Shinde (30), Sakhjirya Shinde (35) and Raja Shinde (28), all hailing from Osmanabad but currently residing in Moshi, and Ajay Rathod (19) of Solapur.The anti-dacoity squad of the crime branch, led by inspector Satish Govekar, made the arrests.Early on September 24, the suspects and two others had barged into the house of Sachin Kailas Jogdand (20) of Buwanagar, Tathawade. Jogdand works as security guard at a farm. The suspects assaulted him with sticks and threatened him at knifepoint.They took Jogdand's cellphone and gold ornaments belonging to his mother Asha, together worth Rs 17,600. They also beat up Jogdand's neighbours, Ram Pramesh and Suraj Patel, and took Rs 600 from them.Inspector Govekar said that during investigations he received a tip-off that the suspects involved in the dacoity were living on an open plot at Moshi. \"On Thursday, we laid a trap and nabbed the four suspects. Two of their accomplices managed to flee,\" Govekar said.Govekar said that during interrogation the men admitted their involvement in the dacoity at Tathawade. \"They have also revealed their involvement in one more dacoity at Punawale on the same night,\" Govekar said.The police suspect the gang may have been involved in more robberies and house break-ins in the city. \"The men have been handed over to the Hinjewadi police station for further investigation,\" Govekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16597772", "title": "Mysorean will design butterfly models in Tamil Nadu", "text": "MYSORE: An alumnus of Chamarajendra Academy of Visual Arts (Cava) has bagged a project to create models of butterflies for the proposed Tropical Butterfly Park in Tiruchirapalli, Tamil Nadu.Jagadish Gangadikar, 29, has been approached by Tamil Nadu forest officials to create models of 180 different varieties of butterflies to be displayed at the proposed conservatory. Each model of the butterfly will be over 10 feet wide, and the work is expected to start in October.This is for the third time that the city's sculptor, who has created various models at Mysore Zoo, is getting an offer from Tamil Nadu in as many years. Earlier, Jagadish created a model of the great Indian hornbill near a waterfall, animal murals at an interpretation centre in Coimbatore in 2009 and a life-size elephant model at an elephant rescue centre in Trichy in 2011. Now the forest officials of the neighbouring state want Jagadish to beautify the Butterfly Park. His models have been approved, and he is expected to get the work order soon.Jagadish, son of P Manjunath and Kalpana, has been working with the forest officials in Mysore since his college days. In his seven-year-long association with Mysore Zoo, he has designed the entrance points to the enclosures of chimpanzees, reptiles and meerkats.His works have been admired by many. One of the admirers, senior Tamil Nadu forest official Anwar, invited Jagadish to Coimbatore for a project in 2009. Thereafter, he was transferred to Trichy.Jagadish's drawing teacher Akilanka has been an inspiration to him. After seeing Jagadish's works, his high school teacher motivated him to pursue a career in the field of arts and suggested that he join Cava. Jagadish wants to continue work in wildlife area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595366", "title": "Collegian snatches chains, held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 20-year-old Bhayander college student was recently arrested by the Nalasopara police on charges of chain snatching. The student is believed to have named two jewellers in Mira Road to whom he allegedly sold the loot.Nilesh Thakur, a second year commerce student of the Reena Mehta College in Bhayander was picked up in mid September for his involvement in over 12 chain snatching cases in Mira Road, Kashimira, Navghar and Nalasopara.Thakur, a resident of Vrindavan Towers in Mira Road, reportedly mentioned the names of Mangalam Jewellers and Krishna Jewellers, who paid him handsomely for his stolen jewellery.The policemen investigating the case visited the jewellery showrooms a couple of times after Thakur's arrest. Citing harassment by the police, jewellers from Mira Road have demanded action against the police.Thakur allegedly got into chain snatching to make a quick buck. He attended college and used his spare time in committing the crime. He used to target women and senior citizens wearing gold chains. He used his two-wheeler for the crime.On September 15, after Thakur reportedly confessed to his crime, the police led by investigating officer assistant police inspector Prashant Langi approached the jewellery showroom. Alleging that the jewelers were not co-operating Langi made a diary entry at the Mira Road police station.On September 22, Langi along with the Vasai Deputy Superintendent of Police (DYSP) Deepak Deoraj visited the two jewellery shops which were shut. Lalit Chandak and Amit Jain of Krishna Jewellers and Kamlesh Kicha of Mangalam Jewellers alleged they were being framed by the police.The jewelers approached the Mira Bhayander Jewellers Association and complained of police harassment. The association threatened to go on an indefinite strike and demanded action against Langi.Jewellers complained that cops had been requested to visit their showrooms for investigation between 9 am to 7.30 pm. \"The police come at closing time when we are busy taking stock of our daily sales. Jewellers are being targeted without any evidence,\" said a Mira Road jeweler. -Sandhya Nair", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16597519", "title": "Schools battle it out to win IMG league", "text": "LUDHIANA: The first IMG league of Punjab Basketball Association (PBA) organized for promoting the sport among city students kicked off at the Guru Nanak Dev Stadium on Friday. The league is being organized jointly by Basketball Federation of India (BFI) and PBA.PBA general secretary Teja Singh Dhaliwal said 12 boys' and eight girls' teams from various schools of Punjab are participating in the tournament. The organizers have announced cash prize of Rs 75,000 for champions, Rs 40,000 for first runner up and Rs 30,000 for second runner up in both categories, said Dhaliwal.He said the winning teams from this league will participate in the National School League to be held in November. The IMG league will conclude on October 1.He said the teams have talented players from various districts and the competition is stiff in the league.Dhaliwal highlighted one of the major drawbacks for development of basketball in the state saying the sport is not encouraged in schools in the state. \"The schools here do not have any trainer for primary level students during the raw age when they develop an interest in basketball,\" said Dhaliwal.Results: Boys: Nav Bharati School, Ludhiana beat SD Senior Secondary School, Malout by 74-44; Springdale School, Amritsar beat AS Senior Secondary School, Khanna by 49-23; AS Senior Secondary School, Khanna beat Blossom Convent School, Jagraon by 40-24; Nav Bharati School, Ludhiana beat Blossom Convent School, Jagraon by 57-12; Springdale School, Amritsar beat Government Senior Secondary School, Gidder Baha by 72-53; MPS, Patiala beat Blossom Convent, Jagraon by 48-04Girls: Khalsa School beat Government Senior Secondary School by 42-26; GSS School, Amritsar beat GSS School, Kapurthala by 29-09; GSS School, Gurdaspur beat APJ School, Jalandhar by 38-31", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16599930", "title": "At the limit of chubbiness at all times: Salma Hayek", "text": "Salma Hayek , who is one of the sexiest stars in Hollywood, has revealed that she overindulges herself while eating - to the extent where she can look a little plump.According to More magazine , the 46-year-old actress, who is currently promoting her new film ' Savages ,' said that she pushes \"the limit of chubbiness at all times,\" adding, \"I'm not a skinny girl.\"\"Everybody has a weakness-mine is food,\" the Daily Mail quoted her, as saying.\"If you love food and you love red wine and they put you in France, you're in a good place and you're in a bad place at the same time,\" she said.To allow herself to indulge guilt-free, the ' Frida ' star said that she stepped on weighing scale daily, adding, \"you have to weigh yourself every day, and you have to have an alarm number.\"When you get to that number, you have to start putting it in reverse,\" she said.Hayek said that she kept her figure in check by dieting more so than exercising, confessing, \"I don't have stamina in exercise . . . but I have it in life.\"She also revealed that her billionaire hubby Francois-Henri Pinault kept her motivated to keep an eye on the scale.\"I think if I was not in love, I would probably let myself go faster. Love gives me the vanity to continue,\" she said.\"I'm not necessarily vain, but when I gained 50-something pounds in the pregnancy, it did something to me. Since then, at least I make an effort,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16596533", "title": "Anna Hazare blames Arvind Kejriwal for splitting group", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anna Hazare on Friday launched a blistering attack on Arvind Kejriwal , accusing him of wrecking the anti-corruption campaign because of his political ambitions.Writing in his blog, Hazare repeated that he had nothing to do with Kejriwal's political project, saying it was launched in violation of his wishes. The veteran agitator also warned people not to trust those who used his name and tried to associate themselves with his movement.The blog cast aside the pretense of continuing engagement with Kejriwal and comrades, virtually blowing always the ambiguity that the latter have sought to maintain even when they are going their respective ways.Although left stunned by Hazare going public with his opposition his plan to foray into political arena, Kejriwal has maintained that Anna would come around to bless his enterprise after a while. He has downplayed the differences making them seem like a case of estrangement.However on Friday, Hazare made it plain that their parting was final, leaving little room for reconciliation.\"Those who favour party have been saying that if Anna says, then they will not form a party. But despite that, they have decided to go ahead with the plan against my decision. Sometimes, it is also said they were forming the party because Anna has decided so. This is not right,\" he said.The Kejriwal-led group refused to comment on the blog.The blog followed suggestions in pro- Kejriwal circles that the Gandhian from Ralegan could be playing into the hands of RSS. It has been claimed that Anna had meet with Baba Ramdeve and other pro-RSS people the evening before he publicly disengaged himself with Kejriwal's plan to enter politics.Hazare took on the efforts to link him with some parties and \"communal\" outfits.The 75-year-old activist also said the movement was not divided in the past two years despite efforts by UPA government. But, he added, now it had split even without the government putting in any effort as one group wanted to take the electoral route.Expressing confidence that Lokpal Bill would be passed before the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, he said, \"Unfortunately, the movement has split even before we got the bill. One wants to go political and the other wants to keep the movement alive. Now, there is an effort to link me with some party, or communal organizations. I have never in my life been a part of any such organization. Till my last breath, I will not be part of any such thing... the movement has split due to politics.''He added, \"Efforts are on to destroy whatever is left now. People should not fall into such accusations. As elections are nearing, some party will try to misuse my name to garner votes. They will try to associate myself with them. There will be misuse of the movement's name. You should not trust all these. The movement will remain movement only. Because it is sacred.\"Hazare also tackled the prickly issue of funds, saying all funds collected at Ramlila Maidan and Jantar Mantar were with India Against Corruption and he had not taken any. The Gandhian indicated that he would soon collect funds to start an office in Delhi that was necessary for the movement to grow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16597445", "title": "Traffic rules put in place to ease procession crowd", "text": "NASHIK: The city police have announced traffic regulations for the final Ganapati immersion day on Saturday.Handcarts, bullock carts and cycles have been banned from plying on the traditionalprocession route - from Vakadi Barav (Chowk Mandai) to Mhasoba Grounds on the river banks - from 12noon till the procession concludes.The procession is expected to move through the areas of Vakadi Barav, Jahangir Masjid, Dadasaheb Phalke Road, Mahatma Phule Market, Badshahi Lodge corner, Vijayanand theatre, Gadge Maharaj statue, Dhumal Point, Sangli Bank signal, MG Road, Meher signal, Swami Vivekanand Road, Ashok Stambh, Raviwar Karanja, Holkar Bridge, Malegaon Stand, Panchavati Karanja, Malviya Chowk, Parshuram Puriya Road, Kapaleshwar Temple and reach Mhasoba Grounds for immersions.The entire stretch will be kept vehicle-free during the time of the procession. City buses that leave from Panchavati bus depot No. 2, Nimani bus stand and Panchavati Karanja will instead leave from Panchavati depot during this period. Vehicles coming from Ozar, Dindori and Peth will proceed towards Nashik Road through Adgaon Naka, Kannamwar Bridge and Dwarka.Vehicles going towards Panchavati will be diverted from Dwarka Circle and Kannamwar Brige. All city buses leaving from Raviwar Karanja and Ashok Stambh will leave from Shalimar.The ban will not be applicable to police and firebrigade vehicles and ambulances, as well as private vehicles belonging to local residents.Processions in the Nashik Road area will proceed through Bytco Square, Shivaji statue, Devi Chowk, the railway station police chowkie, Subhash Road, Satkar Point, Mahatma Gandhi statue in Deolali Gaon to Valdevi River. All vehicles on this route will be banned from 4pm till the procession concludes.Buses coming towards Nashik Road railway station from bus depot No. 2, Nimani bus stand and Cidco will halt at the Datta Mandir Signal and return from there.Vehicles going towards Sinnar will have to use the fly-over. The stretch from Nandur Naka to Sailani Baba Chowk will be closed to traffic from 4pm onwards. Similarly, taking into account the rush of devotees and Ganesh Mandals coming for immersion of Ganesh idols at the river banks from. The stretch from Anandwalli to Chandsi village will also be closed to traffic from 4pm onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595503", "title": "Govt must be told about all dengue cases", "text": "MUMBAI: It will be mandatory for doctors (private and government) to inform the state administration about dengue cases. Worried with the increasing cases of dengue, especially in Mumbai, the public health department on Friday issued an order that all doctors must inform the government about the dengue cases they come across.\"Information of dengue patients should be given to the state administration.In order to ensure effective implementation of the order, the department has asked the officials concerned to organize a workshop for private doctors,\" public health minister Suresh Shetty, said.Alarmed with the rising cases of dengue in Mumbai and other parts of the state, Shetty on Friday had called a meeting of health officials on Friday.The meeting chaired by Shetty was attended T C Benjamin (additional chief secretary, health) and senior health officials from the BMC attended the meeting.In August alone 110 cases tested dengue positive. In the first three week of September 136 citizens in the city have tested positive for dengue.\"Malaria and dengue are mosquito-borne diseases. The efforts taken by the BMC to control malaria have resulted in a 70% decline in the cases compared with last year. Similar efforts have been taken to tackle dengue.The BMC has identified pockets in the city that has seen a rise in dengue cases. Measures have been initiated to control the further spread of the disease,\" said BMC additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar-Patankar.On October 5, a meeting of the additional chief secretary (health) and BMC officials has been organized to work out modalities for controlling dengue, a press release issued by the health department said.Additional chief secretary (health) T C Benjamin during the meeting suggested that 10% of the total advertisement hoardings in Mumbai should be reserved for health-related messages to be communicated to citizens.Further in the meeting, Shetty suggested health check-up for the labourers working on construction sites should be made mandatory. \"The onus of health check-up should be put on the contractor concerned,\" Shetty said.The minister further instructed the civic officials to take focus on cleanliness drive in slum pockets, construction sites and areas known for waterlogging, so that the further spread of the disease could be controlled.With winter season beginning from the next month the temperature will be on its way down and thus resulting in rise of swine flu cases. \"With drop in mercury spread of swine flu is likely to increase. Hence, in the health department in the meeting reviewed swine flu cases and its preparation to deal the situation,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16594849", "title": "17 injured as Dima Hasao bandh turns violent", "text": "SILCHAR: The 48-hour Dima Hasao district bandh called by Indigenous People's Forum (IPF), a tribal body, turned violent on the second day on Friday when clashes erupted between bandh supporters and cadres of DHD (J), a surrendered militant outfit, at Sarkaribagan locality of Haflong.Police fired a few rounds in the air to contain the violence. Seventeen people, including four police personnel, eight bandh supporters and five DHD (J) cadres were injured in the clash. DC (Dima Hasao) Barun Bhuiyan has clamped an indefinite curfew in Haflong police station area to bring the situation under control.A senior police officer in Haflong said at 11 am on Friday, members of IPF, Indigenous Women Forum, Indigenous Students' Forum and Indigenous Village Chiefs' Forum started pelting stones at the designated camp of surrendered DHD (J) militants at Sarkaribagan locality on the outskirts of Haflong.The members of DHD (J) then came out and engaged in a clash with those who were pelting stones. Police rushed to the spot and wielded batons to disperse the unruly mob and also opened fire in the air. All the injured were admitted to Haflong Civil Hospital. However, two of them, including a DHD (J) member and the president of Indigenous Women's Forum, were sent to Gauhati Medical College Hospital as the condition of the duo is stated to be serious.SP (Dima Hasao) Mugdha Joyti Mahanta said although there is tension in the hill station, the situation is under control. The non-Dimasa tribal bodies called the bandh from 5 am on Thursday to 5 am on Saturday to highlight their protest against the government's proposed accord with DHD and DHD(J), the surrendered militant outfits. The bandh evoked partial response in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "16597377", "title": "Court acquits Maoist leader Soumen", "text": "BARASAT: A Barasat court on Friday acquitted former CPI (Maoist) state secretary Himadri Sen Ray alias Soumen citing lack of proper evidence. While giving the verdict, judge S Meherotra of Barasat fast-track court stated that Soumen was not found guilty on specific charges brought against him.Soumen had been charged with several non-bailable offences, including conspiracy against state, collecting and hiding secret documents and keeping firearms. But he will not be released from jail now because another case against him is being heard at Krishnagar court.Soumen, a top Maoist leader and a resident of Khardah, had been arrested by the CID from Hridaypur railway station on February 23, 2008. They had framed charges under sections 121, 121A, 122, 123, 124A and 25/27 of the Arms Act against him.After Soumen's arrest, several organizations like Bandi Mukti Committee, Ganapratirodh Mancha, Nari Mukti Sangha and the APDR had organized several movements to protest against his arrest.Soumen on Friday told the media that he was \"happy with the verdict and it has been proved that every person has democratic rights to raise his voice against the government.\"\"Investigating officers could not provide any documents on all charges brought against him. It has been established again that the judiciary is transparent and impartial in its functioning,\" Soumen's lawyer Dipak Dey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16594999", "title": "Schools get notice on fee hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city government on Friday informed Delhi high court that it has started issuing notices to 64 private schools to refund the excess fee charged by them in 2009.The schools hiked the fee saying they need to increase the salaries of their teaching and non-teaching staff as per the Sixth Pay Commission. But a three-member HC panel found the schools did not pay higher salaries despite hiking the fee. Appearing before a bench headed Justice B D Ahmed, counsel for the directorate of the education, Delhi government, informed HC that the department had started issuing notices following the judicial panel's suggestions last month.A three-member committee, headed by former Rajasthan high court Chief Justice Anil Dev Singh, set up last year, had randomly examined the financial records of 200 schools of a total of 1,172 schools, and submitted its first interim report before the court.The committee said 64 schools \"unjustly\" increased the fee, and recommended that all of them refund it with 9% interest to the parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16599900", "title": "Pitobash, Akshay join hands yet again!", "text": "After Joker, the Odia star will be seen sharing screen space with Akshay Kumar and Sonakshi Sinha in director Milan Luthria's Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai 2After working with Akshay Kumar in Joker, Odia actor Pitobash Tripathy will be seen once again with Khiladi No.1 in his forthcoming film Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai 2 . In an exclusive interview to TOI, Pitobash said, \"We have shot a few portions of the movie in Muscat. Shooting there was fun. I am hopeful about this project and I'm sure the audience will appreciate my performance like they have done in my previous films.\"Elaborating on this Milan Luthria venture, Pitobash adds, \"Milan (Luthria) called me to ask if I would be interested in the project. After going through the script, I signed on the dotted line. But only after completing my part for another movie in Thailand did I fly to muscat to start shooting for Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai 2 . We were there for three days. It was a very hectic schedule and we had to shoot in the scorching heat of 50 degree cecius.\"This is the second film that Pitobash is working with Akshay Kumar and Sonakshi Sinha. \"Since I have already worked with Akshay in Joker, we share a good rapport both on and off screen. I like working with him. Akshay is very cooperative. The next shooting session will be held in Mumbai in the first week of October,\" recalls the actor, adding, \"While we were shooting for Joker, Poonamji (Sonakhi's mother) would cook non-vegetarian food for us. It was fun on the sets. I hope we'll enjoy this time too.\"The Odia actor, who shot to fame for his performance in Shor In The City and Shanghai , has also wrapped up the shooting of his untitled film, that also stars Sreyas Talpade, Tia Bajpai and Rajiv Kanakal. \"Besides Hindi, this movie will also be made in Kannada and Telugu,\" the actor signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16596072", "title": "Android developers to converge in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Android app development may soon see a spurt in Goa. Aiming to enable students and professionals to enhance their knowledge of Android, the Google Developer Group of Goa (GDG Goa) and the Goa Android user Group (GAUG) are organizing two Android events- DevFest Goa and NitroDroid 2012.The DevFest would be held from September 29 to 30 at Hotel Queeny, Vasco, and BITS Pilani, respectively. NitroDroid 2012 will be held on October 6, at International Centre of Goa, Dona Paula.Addressing mediapersons on Friday, Smarth Behl, manager of GDG Goa said, \"One of the aims of organising the event is to encourage students to develop apps.\" He said many students from the state's engineering colleges will be attending the event.Bhel said, \"the developer fest was an opportunity for app developers to learn and share ideas.\"He said the aim of GAUG was to educate users about Android and the conferences and other events organised by the group were non-commercial and open to all. Behl also said there were 19 active chapters of GDG in India.Prajyot Mainkar, an Android app developer and head of GAUG said, \"NitroDroid 2012 is Goa's First Android Developer Conference for software developers building Android apps and for all those developers and IT Professionals willing to enter the world of Android.\"Mainkar said NitroDroid 2012 \"would be followed by a hackathon to build apps through Android or HTML 5 thus helping put Goa on the IT map\". He said so far the organisers had received over 200 entries for the events including 120 corporate entries.Jonathan Pereira of GAUG said, \"Students are interested in developing but do not find a platform; GAUG was giving them a platform through these events.\"Goa Android User Group is an Android centric official group under GDG Goa and is targeted towards Google Android Developers and people who are linked to Android in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595433", "title": "21,000 cops to ensure smooth immersion", "text": "MUMBAI: An unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) and 21,000 policemen will keep an eye on crowds during Ganpati visarjan on Saturday. Last month, the police used Netra, a UAV, to acquire real-time video inputs of crowd movement during MNS leader Raj Thackeray's rally in south Mumbai.Netra had carried out two flights during the rally and covered the perimeter of the ground then.The police have also formed an anti eve-teasing squad and an anti-theft squad to deter chain-snatchers, pickpockets and cellphone thieves.As many as 2,500 traffic cops, 18,000 personnel from local police stations and 1,000 from the state police force will be on bandobast duty. \"We want to appeal to motorists to look up our website, where a route update feature has been provided, before they step out of their homed,\" said joint commissioner (traffic) Vivek Phansalkar. Motorists can enter their point of origin and destination to find out which routes are available for vehicular movement and what is the average speed on these roads.In case of a medical emergency where movement is essential, citizens can get in touch with the traffic control room on 24939717. \"Procession routes have been demarcated in such a way that there's minimum inconvenience to other road users,\" said Phansalkar.Senior traffic police officers will monitor the movement of vehicles. Between noon on Saturday and 6am on Sunday, 37 roads will be closed to motorists, while 50 will be one-way. Parking will not be permitted on 61 roads and entry of heavy vehicles will be banned on 13 roads.\"Wherever necessary, our officers will stop vehicular traffic temporarily and allow processions to walk, before restoring the traffic flow again,\" said a traffic official.Movement of processions will be monitored through CCTVs mounted at traffic signals apart from mobile camera vans. CCTV surveillance rooms have been set up at all major immersion sites. Cops in plainclothes will mingle with the crowd to keep a check on anti-social elements. A control room was recently set up on Girgaum Chowpatty and will be used for bandobast co-ordination. , CCTV operation, lost-and-found section for kids and senior citizens, coordination with other agencies, lifeguards coordination, monitoring of reserve forces and deployment. Additional manpower will be provided at major immersion points.All prominent mandals have been asked to install CCTVs. The police have trained over 500 Ganpati organizers on how to control the mob and monitor suspicious activities.No terror alert has been issued.Apart from BMC lifeguards who will be posted at 88 spots, the traffic department will arrange for an additional 400. Around 8,500 volunteers are being roped in by traffic cops. Thirty-seven watchtowers have been erected for making announcements. Drums and ropes will be used to segregate both carriageways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16597576", "title": "Contractual teachers justify protests at CM's meetings", "text": "PATNA: The series of protests by teachers appointed on contract in the meetings of chief minister Nitish Kumar recently are their 'natural outburst' over the denial of their demands for the same pay for same work and timely payment of monthly remuneration, some of them told TOI on Friday. In many districts, the contractual teachers have not been paid for the last six months, they said.\"It is natural outburst of our anger. Contractual teachers have been left with no option but to resort to such methods to draw the government's attention towards our plight. Instead of increasing our remuneration and ensuring timely payment, the government recently increased the school working hours,\" said Shashank Shekhar while explaining the reason behind the recent incidents.There are around three lakh teachers on contract in primary and secondary schools of the state. Those employed at the primary schools are paid fixed monthly remuneration of Rs 6,000 (for untrained) and Rs 7,000 (trained). Those in the secondary schools get Rs 7,500 (untrained) and Rs. 8,000 (trained). But, permanent teachers having similar qualification and posted in the same school get handsome pay. The take-home salary of permanent primary teachers range from Rs 30,000 to 40,000 while those of secondary teachers get between Rs 35,000 to Rs. 55,000 per month.\"We are not asking for moon. We are just requesting for regularization of our services and implementation of 'same work same pay' formula. But the government is not listening,\" said Piyush Tripathi, another teacher.\"Moreover, we are not getting our remuneration on monthly basis. Even in Patna, the contractual teachers employed by the Patna Municipal Corporation have not been paid for the last seven months,\" said another teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16596316", "title": "Nalasopara youth who fell from Lalbaug flyover dies", "text": "MUMBAI: The 20-year-old youth, who fell off the Lalbaug flyover and landed on two pedestrians after a bike accident around midnight on Wednesday, succumbed to injuries at KEM Hospital on Friday afternoon. The 40-ft fall had caused grievous injuries to Rajesh Prajapati's abdomen and head.Doctors said he was taken for a surgery on Friday to treat the abdominal injury. Prajapati, however, died a few hours after the operation. Sources said his friends A Devendra (20) and Md Amir (17), who were also on the bike, were recovering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16597836", "title": "Locals blame divider for Chala mishap", "text": "KANNUR: Unscientific design of the road divider and lack of proper lighting might have caused the Chala LPG tanker accident that claimed 20 lives a month ago, witnesses told the district collector on Friday.\"There was no reflector on the divider, and due to poor lighting, it was not visible at night. This could have caused the accident,\" a local shop owner told collector Rathan Kelkar.A PWD official contradicted the shop owner's version and said the divider was constructed scientifically. \"Thermal plastic lines were painted on either side of the divider. These lines act as reflectors. Also, a sign board, warning about the divider, was there at the scene of accident,\" assistant engineer V M Prakashan told Kelkar.The collector had invited as many as 150 people to depose before him as part of the magisterial inquiry into the August 27 accident. Only 22 turned up.Revenue department officials attributed the low turnout to fear of getting caught in lengthy legal procedures.Those who deposed before the collector brought to his attention the stray dog menace in the area. Butchers often dumped waste from their shops in the area. A few of them opined that the tanker driver might have swerved the vehicle to avoid running over a stray, leading to the mishap.Driver Kannayyan had not mentioned about strays in his statement to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16596810", "title": "All roads to be repaired by Puja", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government in a meeting on Friday promised to repair all roads in the city before Durga Puja to make pandal-hopping smooth.Urban development minister Firhad Hakim and Kolkata mayor Sovan Chatterjee held the meeting with PWD secretary Ajit Ranjan Bardhan and other senior officials to find out ways to improve traffic speed in the city. The immediate thrust will be on repairing potholes, and work has already started in some parts of the city.Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority has already started repairing EM Bypass on a war footing following Hakim's instructions. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had also expressed her concern over poor condition of roads.Several roads in Salt Lake and its surroundings, in Rajarhat and in Baguiati were left in a shambles by heavy rain. Roads off Kona Expressway need a revamp, too. With only three weeks to go for the Pujas, the local civic authorities are yet to start off the repair work in most areas. Hakim asked the officials to speed up the work.Some officials conceded that road space had been reduced due to encroachment in several areas, especially in places where cement structures had come up on roads. It was decided that all encroachments would be removed.Tram tracks are also in poor shape in many parts of the city and trigger regular accidents. Hakim asked that the tracks be maintained properly so that bikers do not skid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16595258", "title": "Bangladesh keen on developing shipment ties with Paradip", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Bangladesh is interested to use Paradip port in Odisha to provide transshipment facilities to India through Chittagong and Mongla seaports.\"Last June, India and Bangladesh agreed to explore the new concept of transshipment for mutual benefits. Bangladesh offered the facility through Chittagong and Mongla seaports. According to the new proposal called coastal shipping, Bangladeshi coastal vessels can be used commercially for transporting cargoes to and from India through these ports,\" said director general of shipping, Bangladesh, Jobair Ahmmed, in Paradip on Thursday.\"Ahmmed, along with five other senior officials, met the chairman of Paradip Port Trust (PPT), S Ananta Chandra Bose, representative of the director general of shipping, India, Captain S P Mandal, and other senior officials in Paradip on Thursday regarding the use of inland vessels with 2000-tonne capacity from Paradip to Chittagong and Mongola ports in Bangladesh under the River Sea Act. Coastal shipping covers only sea coast and inland water bodies,\" said Captain G P Biswal, the deputy conservator of Paradip Port Trust, on Friday.With the implementation of this plan, the rest of India will be connected with its east and south-east areas such as Visakhapatnam, Paradip and Haldia in West Bengal , Ahmmed added.\"The proposal to introduce coastal shipping between the two countries was demanded by the trade body of coastal ship owners in Bangladesh. According to them, almost half of the inland and coastal vessels are unused. Transporting goods on truck is very expensive. But if we carry goods through sea routes and inland, both cost and travel time will be reduced. Both the countries can be benefited if coastal shipping is introduced,\" Ahmmed explained.The proposal was earlier made at a two-day meeting between Bangladesh and India in Dhaka in July. The two countries had also signed an agreement for renewal of protocol on inland water transit and trade for the next two years. According to the proposal, Bangladesh will consider foreign exchange earnings and employment of crews in allowing transshipment, Ahammed added.\"Coastal shipping would cover import, export and carrying of transit goods between the two countries. Protocol on inland water transit and trade that Bangladesh and India signed in 1972 is still in force. In all probabilities, transshipment facilities would be provided to India under the existing protocol through necessary amendments,\" he further said, adding \"We have examined the port's potential for implementation of coastal shipping. The port in Paradip is near Bangladesh and it has a deep harbour. It will help us transport gypsum, food items and other goods easily, compared to the ports in Haladia and Visakhapatnam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16596255", "title": "'State biodiversity board needs persons with expertise'", "text": "PANAJI: The recent reconstitution of the state biodiversity board has not gone down well with some, as sources said that the panel should have accommodated persons with expertise in biodiversity research and management. They maintained that the board, though first constituted around eight years ago and reconstituted twice, didn't do much to fulfill its objective of biodiversity conservation.The reconstituted board has forest minister Alina Saldanha as chairperson. While Nitin Sawant, a zoologist and former director of world wide fund for nature (WWF), is member secretary, the nine other members are the additional principal chief conservator of forests, the chief engineer of the water resources department, the director of the agriculture department , the member secretary of science, technology and environment, the secretary of the Goa state pollution control board, Joe D'Souza, a microbiologist, Celso Dias, a headmaster, Mahesh Kanolkar and Bhiva Malik.The presence of representatives from government departments is necessary because of co-ordination, a source added.The first committee, which was headed by Hemant Karapukar, former director of the agriculture department, had on board a few experts drawn from various fields.In the previous panel, the member secretary functioned alone without any staff being appointed. Rui Araujo of the Chicalim villagers action committee (CVAC) obtained this information under RTI. The CVAC had petitioned the board for declaration of their village as a heritage village and Chicalim bay, where window pane oysters are on the verge of extinction, as a protected area.Another source stressed that members should have locale-specific knowledge of biodiversity. \"The first panel had drawn up about eight proposals, including collection of germ plasma of different varieties of crops, cow peas (alsando), Agasaim brinjals and hilly vegetables like Suranth,\" the source said.The forest minister said that she will consider bringing more experts on board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16595696", "title": "Explosion in cracker unit claims 2 lives", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 22-year-old girl and her teenaged cousin were killed in a massive explosion in a godown filled with raw stock and finished fire crackers in Para locality, early on Friday morning. The explosion was so strong that the entire premises were reduced to a rubble heap and one of the victims was thrown at least 20 metres away due to the impact of the blast. This is the third major incident of blast at a cracker manufacturing unit in and around Lucknow in last six months.The building where the blast took place was licensed to hoard stocks and manufacture firecrackers, but raw explosives possibly in quantity much more than the permissible limit mentioned in the license le.The victims include the daughter and niece of the licensee. Police have made an entry of the incident in the general diary and are convinced that almost all the precautions to be taken in case of hoarding explosive and fire crackers were adopted. Though the precautions failed to avert the mishap, they helped to restrict the impact of the explosion to a great extent, police said.The incident took place in Badalpur village under Para police station at around 8.30 a.m., when Rubina (22) and her cousin Sana (17) went to the go down of Rubina's father Jawed Mohammed. Into fire cracker production business for decades, Jawed has procured a permit for hoarding of raw stock and finished products, which was valid till 2014. He had got a big room constructed right in the middle of a farm field on the outskirts of the village for the purpose. The two girls had gone to the godown and had barely started bringing out packets of firecrackers outside the premises out in the open apparently to keep them under the sun and do away with the dampness, when the disaster took place.Rubina was inside the godown, while Sana was near the entrance when the deafening explosion filled the air, bringing the entire premises down to the extent that it didn't appear as if there existed a tin-roofed concrete structure ever at the site before the blast. Rubina was buried under the debris, while Sana landed at least 20 metres away from the nucleus of the blast. Both were killed on the spot. Though a shattered cylinder of a hand held fire extinguisher was recovered from the debris, it could not be established if it was in a working condition or not. Investigators had failed to find buckets full of sand - another mandatory measure to be taken by the licensee. \"The incident was of such a nature that even if the best possible equipments were available to extinguish the fire, it would have made virtually no difference. Everything apparently happened in a matter of seconds,\" said senior superintendent of police Lucknow AK Chaturvedi, who visited the blast site and observed the entire site minutely.The owner of the premises - Jawed Mohammed - claimed that the total quantum of finished and raw material was within the permissible limits. \"We have done everything possible and imaginable that could be done to avert such a mishap, but it still happened,\" said Moin, a cousin of the two victims. The villagers too confirmed that almost all possible precautions were adopted to ensure minimum impact of such blasts. \"Had the stocks been stored within a congested residential pocket of the village, the results would have been much more disastrous,\" said Dharmendra , a local resident.Though police were clueless about the possible cause of the blast, fire cracker manufacturers claim that there was a possibility that friction was caused while pulling the packets of fire crackers from inside and that led to a spark that triggered the blast. They believe that there are times when the stock contains parts of highly sensitive explosives which could go off without actually being exposed to fire. Possibilities of any cigarette or beedi butt having triggered the blast were ruled out as the two girls were the only ones present at the scene within a radius of 100 metres of the godown, which exploded.About police action into the incident, SSP Lucknow said the only point that needs to be established is the quantity of the explosives hoarded at the premises. \"Other than that, we have failed to find anything that was objectionable at the site,\" he said. The Lucknow district police chief said an inquiry will be conducted to ascertain the quantity of raw and finished stocks present at the godown at the time of the blast and if it confirms that norms have been violated, adequate action will follow. He said the bodies of the two victims were sent for post-mortem examination after which they were handed over to their respective families for burial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16595432", "title": "Cooking up a storm in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Even as genuine customers in the city are forced to wait for a month to get an LPG cylinder delivered after booking, many others bank on a flourishing black market to get a refill within minutes, though at a much higher price.There are several shops at Bomikhal-Laxmisagar Road, Indra Dhanu Market, Cuttack-Puri Road, CRPF Square and Bapuji Nagar, among other places, which ensure that buyers get their LPG refill within minutes by paying Rs 850 to Rs 950.\"You give me an empty cylinder of any company and I can get you a filled one,\" promised a middleman in Indra Dhanu Market.There is a price variation in the black market as well. \"Those charging lesser price unload a few kg of gas from cylinders and sell them. I guarantee the full weight of 14.2 kg. That is why I charge Rs 950,\" said a shopkeeper at GGP Canal Road.People fear that black-marketing will increase with the latest capping of six subsidized cylinders per user.\"Since a seventh cylinder will cost around the same as in the black market, why would one wait for a month to get it? Instead, people would prefer the immediate delivery by a middleman,\" said Bikash Swain, a resident of Brit Colony.The middlemen explained that delivery boys of the LPG distributing companies give them filled cylinders for a commission. LPG distributors, however, accused customers of black-marketing. \"Many families with twin-cylinder connections don't use the total cylinders they avail. Instead, they divert them to the black market for a price. Black-marketing at the distributors' end is almost non-existent,\" said Pabitra Mohan Sahoo, an LPG distributor in the city.Many road side eateries, tea stalls and restaurants also use domestic cylinders though they should use the commercial cylinders of 19 kg available at Rs 1530 each.It is mandatory for the gas delivery boys to come with portable weighing machines and measure the cylinders in front of the customers. However, few actually do it. \"I didn't know such a provision exists,\" said Rashmita Pradhan, a housewife.LPG distributors said the delivery boys do carry such weighing machines. \"Such machines are mandatory. In case customers notice any discrepancy, they can lodge complaints in the same phone numbers in which gas cylinders are booked,\" said All Odisha LPG Distributors' Association general secretary Biswanath Mukherjee.After the recent restriction on total number of subsidized cylinders, distributors will give three subsidized cylinders between September 14 to March 31.\"There is no change in process of booking. People will get the first three cylinders in this period in the ongoing subsidized rates and have to pay the market price after that,\" Mukherjee added.Representative of oil companies in city declined to speak on the trade and black marketing citing they were not unauthorized.Indane corporate communication head Alakh Singh said the companies are yet to get detail guidelines from the government on marketing gas after the latest change in policy. He, however, declined to speak on other issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16595410", "title": "BJD sticks to anti-divestment guns", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Carrying forward its resistance to the Centre's decision to disinvest Nalco stakes, the ruling BJD on Friday demonstrated in front of the company's corporate office here, pressing for rollback of the decision.Hundreds of BJD activists and leaders, including MLAs and MPs, as well as several Nalco employees marched shouting slogans against the Congress-led UPA government's decision to selloff 12.15 per cent of its stakes in the Navratna PSU. The protestors said they would intensify their stir unless the government rescinds its decision.\"Nalco is a profitable company. But the Centre wants to sale its shares to benefit to private players,\" alleged BJD MLA Sanjay Dasburma.The Union government holds 87.15 percent stake in the aluminium company and wants to reduce it to 75 per cent. Earlier, the BJD has demonstrated near Nalco's alumina refinery at Damanjodi in Koraput district on September 24 and also the company's smelter facility at Angul on September 26.Aware of Nalco's emotional connect with the people of Odisha, the Naveen Patnaik-led party, which is of late facing the heat from the opposition Congress over alleged misrule and corruption, is apparently attempting to use the Nalco issue to create public opinion against the UPA government's alleged anti-Odisha policies, admitted BJD insiders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16600380", "title": "Baby boomers as pushy as Gen Y at work", "text": "Contrary to popular belief, Generation Y workers are no more assertive in their career ambitions than more experienced employees, a new survey has revealed.According to specialist finance recruitment firm Robert Half, companies need to be careful not to alienate more tenured employees by appearing to pander to the needs of Generation Y.The group's survey of 300 CFOs and finance directors found 38 per cent believe Gen Y employees were the most difficult to recruit into finance and accounting roles, compared with 24 per cent for Generation X and 10 per cent for baby boomers.Nearly half of the employers said Gen Y staff were the hardest to retain, compared with Gen X (18 per cent) and baby boomers (six per cent).Some 62 percent of bosses attributed this to high expectations among Gen Y workers for career advancement, followed by expectations for remuneration (53 per cent) and work-life balance (41 per cent).But Robert Half director Andrew Morris said that while baby boomers and Gen X worker might be easier to retain, they also don't expect their careers to stand still.\"In fact, the priorities of more experienced employees closely match the expectations of Gen Y,\" News.com.au quoted him as saying in a statement.88 percent of executives who cited challenges in retaining baby boomers attributed the difficulty to high expectations for career advancement, followed by expectations for remuneration (71 per cent) and work-life balance (47 per cent).Similarly, of those employers who said retaining Gen X was a challenge, 63 per cent cited career advancement, followed by expectations for remuneration (43 per cent) and work-life balance (39 per cent).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16594751", "title": "Afghan boys batter Fifa referee at Under-17 Subroto Cup", "text": "NEW DELHI: Officiating in a football match between schoolboys could be fraught with danger, as Fifa panel referee A Rowan found out on Friday. The 31-year-old, who will join the Asian Football Confederation's Elite panel next year, was thrashed by young Afghan boys during a quarterfinal match of the Under-17 Subroto Cup football tournament at the Ambedkar Stadium. His fault: he red-carded three players of the school team from Afghanistan during their match against the team from Ukraine, FC Dynamo Kiev.The ugly assault came at a premier tournament organized by the Air Force Sports Control Board where foreign teams are invited to participate as a gesture of goodwill. The organizers are apparently not too keen on lodging a police case against young boys from a \"friendly country\". Besides, any legal action could result in a diplomatic tangle. IAF officers refused to comment on the \"sensitive matter\". Rowan, a Services employee himself, did not take calls.It was the 33rd minute of the match when the Esteqlal High School (Afghanistan) were trailing 0-2 with two of their players already out with red cards. Rowan, the Chennai-based referee, decided to flash the third red card for dangerous play. \"As soon as the referee showed the card, the Afghan boys protested. One of them started hitting the referee brutally. I have never seen an assault in an international match between young boys,\" said a spectator.The Afghan team eventually lost the match 0-2.By the time officials and linesmen came to Rowan's rescue, the referee had taken quite a few blows. The match resumed after quite some time, \"but Rowan was pulled out of the match once we noticed blood on his lip and under the eyes,\" said a football official. Rowan was taken to hospital where he received several stitches. The last few minutes of the match was conducted by another referee, CR Singha, as the Ukrainian side maintained their lead and booked a berth in the semifinals.\"This is a serious matter, more so as this is a tournament conducted by the Services. We have received the referee's report which will go it to technical committee. A final decision on any action would be taken by the Air Force Headquarters,\" an organizer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16596654", "title": "Kanpur bids adieu to Lord Ganesha", "text": "KANPUR: The ten-day Ganpati festivities in the city culminated on Friday. Thousands of devotees came out to say goodbye to Ganpati Bappa on 'Ganesh Visarjan'.Thousands of people assembled on the streets and localities to see the idols of 'Lord Ganesha' immersed in the river. Bhandara (community lunch) was also organized on the last day of Ganpati Utsav. Celebrations were witnessed on the streets with people taking out processions.Around 760 Ganpati Idols were immersed in river from various Pandals including the 150 distributed by Sarvajanik Ganesh Utsav Samiti. Filled with joy and enthusiasm, the devotees sought the blessings of Lord Ganesha. The scene at 'Sarsaiya Ghat' was overwhelming where thousands of devotees waited in long queues to say goodbye Lord Ganesha. Similar was the scene at Massaccare Ghat and Gola Ghat.Traffic snarls due to Ganpati VisarjanCity witnessed huge traffic congestion on the occasion of 'Ganesh Visarjan' on Friday. One of the loaders carrying Ganpati Idol turned turtle in cantt area leaving a minor with multiple fractures and many severely injured.A loader carrying Ganpati Idol with around 40 people in it turned turtle in Cantt area near Katheri Bagh. Some minor accidents like locals hurt during Bhanadaras at Pandals were also reported from may areas.Meanwhile, large possessions gave a tough time to the daily commuters. The Kidwai Nagar-Tat Mill crossing road remained jammed for over six hours. At Narhona and Phoolbagh crossings, the situation was worse as it leads to Massacre ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16596103", "title": "Sikhs bristle at JK Rowling\u2019s \u2018hairy\u2019 female character", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A baptised female Sikh student character, derided by her friends for hair on her body in JK Rowling's latest novel 'The Casual Vacancy', has earned the author a rebuke from Sikh's highest temporal seat, Akal Takht. Its representative body, the Shiromani Gurudwara Prabandhak Committee (SGPC), has sought removal of the text and an apology from Rowling.Rowling, whose latest novel has been written with a Sikh family at the heart of its plot, has a character, Fats, describing his classmate Sukhvinder as \"mustachioed, yet large-mammaried, scientists remain baffled by the contradictions of the hairy man-woman\" on page 120. While describing Rowling's choice of words as \"a slur on the Sikh community and provocative\", SGPC chief Avtar Singh Makkar said the author must apologize or remove the text from her book in India or face action.\"Even if the author had chosen to describe the female Sikh character's physical traits, there was no need for her to use provocative language, questioning her gender. This is condemnable,\" said Makkar. He refused to say what action the body was planning. A paragraph before the Sikh student's physical description reads even more slanderous, \"'The great hermaphrodite sits quiet and still,' murmured Fats, his eyes fixed on the back of Sukhvinder's head.\"Social media incident involving American Sikh girlThe controversy comes close on the heels of an incident involving an American Sikh student Balpreet Kaur, who was mocked for her sideburns and a beard after her pictures were posted on a social networking site, Reditt. Kaur, a neuroscience student, had said: \"Yes, I realize that my gender is often confused and I look different than most women. However, baptized Sikhs believe in the sacredness of this body \u2014 it's a gift that has been given to us by the divine being (which is genderless, actually) and, must keep it intact as a submission to the divine will.\" She had written this back on the thread on the site.Rowling, while launching her book on Thursday, said that she had admitted to using ample research on Sikh religion. She said she had been deeply influenced by Sikhism because of its stress on gender equality. \"It's an amazing religion. My interest was sparked years ago when I was still in my 20s \u2014 and a girl I worked with briefly came from a Sikh family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16597617", "title": "Consumers worried, distributors confused", "text": "PATNA: The consumers as well as the distributors of LPG cylinders have been confused ever since the Union government announced to cap the supply of subsidized cylinders to six. The LPG distributors have threatened to go on a day's token strike on October 1 to protest the government move.The oil companies have told the LPG distributors not to charge the new rates now as the consumers will get three cylinders at subsidized rate between September 14 and March next year. The seventh cylinder will cost Rs 850.50 in Bihar. The LPG agencies are now up in arms against this decision as they are not ready to sell the LPG cylinders at different rates. According to them, it will be a herculean task for them to keep a tab on the number of cylinders purchased by a consumer at subsidized and enhanced rates.Panic-stricken consumers have started applying for new connections since it is impossible to manage with three cylinders till March, they feel.Meanwhile, the oil marketing companies (OMCs), on Friday, clarified that there was no ban on releasing new LPG connections which will be given after completing the KYC (know your customer) formalities in order to check multiple connections to the same consumer, an OMC press release said.When contacted, the IOC DGM (LPG), D K Saha said, \"Those who have already got intimidation letter will definitely get new connection. Others will have to wait. However, there is no dearth of KYC form and existing consumers can easily collect it from their agency concerned and fill it.\"\"We are a joint family and need at least two cylinders per month. So I have applied for three more connections in the name of my husband's brothers,\" said Madhu Gupta, a resident of Kadam Kuan.\"We have received more than one thousand applications for new connections ever since the government decided to restrict subsidized cylinders to six. We are running out of KYC forms now,\" said a distributor of Boring Road area.An official of a Kankarbagh-based gas agency said, \"We are flooded with applications for new connections.\" While distributors are having a tough time in handling the applications for new connections, the cylinder vendors are having a gala time as they are demanding as much money as they want and the hapless residents are paying it.\"The vendors who used to take between Rs 500 and Rs 600 for a cylinder in black have increased the rates overnight,\" rued Swati Rai, a resident of Mahendru Ghat. The cost of cylinder in black also varies from locality to locality. Manoranjan Sharma of Chandmari paid Rs 1,000 for a cylinder in black while Janki Kumar of Patliputra Colony paid Rs 1,200 for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16596944", "title": "Centre has been pushing J&K; for next level of grassroots empowerment", "text": "NEW DELHI: The call for empowerment of local bodies in Jammu &amp; Kashmir may have gained political momentum only now, but the Centre has been pushing the Omar Abdullah government for several months to put in place the next panchayati raj tier: the block committees. The state government initially ignored the central reminders on holding block-level elections, but then indicated a possible July-August 2012 timeframe, only to pull back at the last minute citing its preoccupation with the tail end of a good tourist season and the Amarnath yatra.However, the Centre has persisted with its demand for block-level polls in the state - the last reminder went as recently as 20 days back, according to sources in the Union home ministry - leading the state government to declare its intent to issue a notification for the elections on October 4. The MHA is relieved but is not yet celebrating, apprehensive of the state government coming up with a convenient excuse yet again to delay the grassroots empowerment exercise.Given that state panchayati raj minister Ali Mohammad Sagar has publicly declared the exact poll schedule -- notification on October 4 and completion of the poll process by November first week - New Delhi is hopeful that the Abdullah government will now be accountable to the public on implementing the assurance.In its several reminders to the J&K; government on constituting block committees - the second tier of the panchayati raj system, which has to be followed by zilla parishads (or district councils) - the Centre had pointed out that lack of devolution of powers and funds was promoting disenchantment among the elected panchayat heads, who felt there was little incentive for them. Though panchayats in J&K; received Rs 150 crore under various central schemes, the prime being MNREGA, the funding from the state was inadequate thanks to the incomplete panchayati raj structure.\"The delay in constituting block committees and district councils had left the panchayat heads without the powers due to them, besides making them vulnerable to terrorist outfits opposed to grassroots empowerment in the Valley. The latest trend of targetting of panchayat heads has only added to the disenchantment and led to the spate of resignations,\" an MHA official told TOI.The official added that the only way to stem the despair among the elected grassroots leaders was to complete their political and financial empowerment by implementing the panchayati raj rule in toto.As for security concerns regarding the panchayats, the central security establishment sees the recent killing of sarpanches as only \"isolated incidents of targetting killing\" rather than a reflection of an overall deterioration in the J&K; law and order situation. \"The violence levels in J&K; continue to be low, and holding block-level polls should not be a major security challenge... deployment of enough forces and special arrangements for security of candidates, as was done in the April-May 2011 panchayat polls, should take care of the threat perception,\" an intelligence official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16594505", "title": "Two dozen school buses checked, 11 seized", "text": "BHOPAL: In the on-going inspection drive of school buses, around two dozen buses were checked on Friday of which 11 were seized following irregularities in the documents of the buses and misuse of permit.Regional transport inspector Keshav Vats said, \"11 buses were seized on various grounds. Some didn't have the relevant documents and were plying without the fitness certificate. Besides, permit of the buses were also being misused.\"\"While some buses which had the permit of a particular school, they also were on-duty of another school or college. Then, some were found to ply other passengers besides the school students. Also, buses with the permit to ply under the municipal limits were found plying at Mandideep while some had changed the colour from yellow to something else,\" he said.Vats said that these buses would only be released once the proper documents are produced and the various penalty taxes submitted.\"The buses are in the various police stations of the city,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595597", "title": "Scrap chief engineer's post, Mayor orders civic chief", "text": "NAGPUR: Mayor Anil Sole, on Friday, directed municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane to do away with the post of chief engineer in Nagpur Municipal Corporation. A N Shambarkar is currently the chief engineer.Sole also directed Wardhane to inform the state government of the decision. The state government had assigned Shambarkar to monitor NMC's public works department.The directives come after office-bearers including standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari questioned as to why NMC was paying Shambarkar's salary when the civic body has no such post. The issue was raised when a proposal to appoint an assistant municipal commissioner was tabled in the general body meeting.Tiwari pointed out that the civic body has not been filling up the vacant posts of doctors and even sanitary workers on the pretext that any fresh recruitment will increase establishment expenditure.In 2007, the state government deputed Shambarkar to the post of NMC's superintending engineer. Later in 2009, he was promoted to the post of chief engineer - even though NMC doesn't have any such post.Of the sanctioned 73 doctors' posts, NMC's health department has only 40 doctors. 33 posts have been lying vacant for the last many years. Likewise the posts of around 600 sanitary workers are lying vacant. In fact, both the posts are very important as they are directly related to citizens' health, he pointed out.Tiwari alleged that Shambarkar was behind the delay in completion of city's ambitious cement road project. He deliberately puts hurdles in the project. Nobody is there to supervise the work as instead of deploying the executive engineer to monitor the project, the CE has deputed three deputy engineers, three junior engineers and three subordinates, alleged Tiwari. Even then the work is still is going on at a snail's pace.Tiwari also cited many other examples, including releasing 23% less payment to the private firm entrusted to carry out the construction of the cement road. The reason given by the CE for this was that the private firm had replaced one of the machines without informing the PWD. Supporting Tiwari's demand, BSP corporator Kishore Gajbhiye said the post of superintending engineer's (SE) is the topmost post in the corporation. \"As per CNC Act, the NMC has two sanctioned posts of SEs- one for water and another for public works department,\" he added.Leader of opposition and senior Congress corporator, Vikas Thakre said that the chaos in the civic body showed that the ruling party has failed in conducting proper administration. \"The ruling BJP has lost control over the civic administration,\" he added.The corporators asked the mayor to direct the general administration department to provide the House with data on such officials who have been deputed in NMC even though officially no such posts have created in the civic body. To this assistant municipal commissioner Prakash Warade informed the House that he will provide the details in the next meeting on October 6. However, municipal commissioner assured to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16595217", "title": "Two-day-old girl found abandoned", "text": "JAIPUR: A two-day-old girl child, found abandoned behind Kanodia Girls' College two days ago, once again brought to fore rampant discrimination against girl child in the state.It is the third such case in the last few months. In July, an infant girl was dumped in Zanana hospital while another was abandoned near Jagatpura railway station.Some passersby informed the police around 4pm on Wednesday saying they heard the cries of an infant. The girl is now undergoing treatment at JK Lon hospital. The doctors claimed that she was out of danger.After getting information, the police rushed to the Kishore Pareek Marg behind Kanodia Girls' College where the girl was found ling in a bag, which also contained some clothes. According to the police, the girl seemed to be from some well-to-do family. The police registered an FIR against unidentified persons and are investigating the matter. Incharge of Gandhi Nagar police station Rajesh Malik said: \"We will check records of all the nearby hospitals to find clues about persons involved in the crime.\"The police handed over the baby to Shishu Palna Grah, from where the officials took her to JK Lon hospital.JK Lon hospital superintendent Dr SD Sharma said, \"The girl weighed 2.7kg and she was brought to the hospital around 5.45pm two days ago. She is healthy and but we will keep her in observation for one or two days.\"Centre for Advocacy and Research state project coordinator Rakhee Badhwar said, \"This shows that a section of society is so averse to girls that they don't even hesitate in abandoning them. In order to change such a 'mindset' towards the girl child we need to start a crusade.\"She said, \"An initiative like opening palna grahs (care centres) by the Department of Social Justice and Empowerment is very important. Families come and adopt girls from these centres. We need at least one palna grah in each district of Rajasthan to take care of abandoned girl children and allow families desirous of girls to take care of them and give them a life of dignity.\"EomJaipur: A two-day-old girl child was found dumped behind Kanodia Girls College once again brought to fore the rampant practice of feticide in the city.It is probably the third such case of abandoning girl child in city in the last few months. Two girl infants were found in July-one in Zanana hospital while one was dumped near Jagatpura railway station.Some passers-by informed the police at around 4pm when they heard cry of the infant girl. The girl was found abandoned on Wednesday and she is undergoing treatment at JK Lon hospital in the city. The doctors claimed that the girl is out of danger.After getting the information, the police rushed to the Kishore Pareek Marg behind Kanodia Girls College. The girl was wearing some cloths and also there were some other cloths and a bowl. The bag was also new. The police claimed that from bag and cloths, it looked that like that some well-to-do family was involved in the crime. However, the police have registered FIR against the unidentified persons and are investigating into the matter. Gandhi Nagar police head Rajesh Malik said, \"We will check records of all the nearby hospitals to find a clue about the persons involved in the crime.\"The police handed over the baby to Shishu Palna Grah. The officials of Shishu Palna Grah took the baby to JK Lon hospital.JK Lon hospital superintendent Dr SD Sharma said, \"The girl weighed 2.7kg and she was brought to the hospital at around 5.45pm two days ago. The girl is healthy and but we will keep her in observation for one or two more days.\"Centre for Advocacy and Research state project coordinator Rakhee Badhwar said, \"This shows that a section of society has a negative feeling for the girl child to the extent that they even do not want to care and take responsibility of their own girl child. In order to deal with such a 'mindset' and 'unwantedness' towards the girl child we need to start a crusade.\"She said, \"The initiative like opening of Palna Grahs by the Department of Social Justice and Empowerment is very important. We have seen families in Jaipur frequently coming and adopting the girl child from those centres. We need at least one Palna Grah in each district of Rajasthan to take care of such abandoned girl child and allow families who do not discriminate to take care of such children and give them a life with dignity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16596946", "title": "KR Market will take the plunge today", "text": "BANGALORE: KR Market is set for a makeover, if BBMP's pilot project for vendors on waste segregation is successful. The market could be a role model for other markets in Bangalore. Beginning Saturday, KR Market vendors will be trained to segregate waste.One of the oldest markets of the city and the first place to be electrified in the country, KR Market is a hub for dealers and merchants of grains, vegetables, fruits and flowers. Over the years, the market has become congested, messy and is in complete disarray. Vendors trade their wares on footpaths and abandon the waste at the end of the day. The market generates 80 tonnes of waste daily.The BBMP intends to put three large bins in the market premises where vendors can dump segregated waste: unsold and spoilt fruits and vegetables in one bin, flowers and other wet waste in the second and all dry waste in the third.A health officer will be deputed at the market to ensure that segregation is done by every vendor. The civic body has plans to take the plan to other markets too, depending on the pilot project's success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16596967", "title": "Segregate waste, Palike will do the rest", "text": "BANGALORE: Starting Monday, residents of apartments and independent houses must segregate waste which will be picked up by BBMP's pourakarmikas. This will set at rest worries of residents of multi-dwelling units that their garbage may not be lifted by the civic body.A BBMP notification had earlier said apartments will have to compost their wet waste and ferry dry waste to the collection centres.\"Segregation is non-negotiable. Our pourakarmikas will not collect mixed waste from Monday. Apartments have two months' time to set up composting or biofuel plants. If they can't, they can hand over wet waste to BBMP, which might collect a fee of Re 1 per kg of waste it picks up,\" BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel announced. \"Given that a household generates 600gm of waste daily, the monthly bill for a flat is not likely to exceed Rs 18,\" he added.From Monday, BBMP workers will pick up wet waste every day and dry waste periodically. At the end of every month, the jurisdictional zonal commissioners will collecting fee for the garbage lifted, he said. However, other bulk waste generators like hotels and choultries will have to manage their waste on their own and will not be shown any leniency, he added.The civic body is also factoring in the fact that its ambitious plans could be trapped between just-concluded garbage contracts and yet-to-be opened garbage tenders. The bidding for new garbage contracts will close on Saturday and the council is scheduled to approve the same by the end of that day.Goel said till the new chosen contractors are issued work orders, new pushcarts and uniforms will be given to pourakarmikas. With the pushcarts not equipped to carry wet waste, BBMP's plans appear set to start on a faulty note. \"I agree that things will not be smooth on Day 1. It will take time to stabilize,\" he admitted.Asserting that habits have to change, he said: \"Three months from now, BBMP will give Bangalore a permanent aesthetic SWM solution.\"\"The mapping of each street, collection of wet waste on a daily basis, routine of collecting dry waste in each ward and identifying places to set up waste collection centres, composting units or biofuel plants within the city will be publicized on Sunday. All our preparations to address the garbage problem will be in the public domain,\" said Goel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16596950", "title": "Not all's hale with women's hearts", "text": "BANGALORE: Are you a woman - young, working, stressed at the workplace and home, with a child to care for and other sundry worries? And if you've taken to smoking to cut down on stress, here are some statistics that could jolt you into kicking the butt.A study conducted by Sri Jayadeva Institute of Cardio Vascular Diseases and Science (SJICR) in 2011 on 1,042 patients revealed that 15% of their patients were women and 25% of these women were below the age of 45.Says Dr CN Manjunath, director, SJICR: \"Increasing obesity , diabetes , high cholesterol and hypertension among women are the main factors behind a huge rise in heart ailments. Besides this, women today deal with a lot of stress at work and the home front. More women have taken up smoking, which has posed the risk of an early heart attack. Also, rheumatic valvular heart diseases are on the rise among women due to lack of personal hygiene.\"The incidence of women getting heart ailments has changed in the recent past, says Dr J Kannan, consultant cardiologist and cardiac electro physiologist, Narayana Hrudayalaya. There was a belief that a woman faced the risk of heart attack only after menopause due to the presence of the estrogen hormone. But, unhealthy food habits, high levels of cholesterol and a rise in smoking among young women have reversed this trend, he says. \"We recommend a fibre-rich diet, with fruits and vegetables (not juice) and cutting down on refined and fried products. One must develop a regime of physical exercise to prevent heart ailments,\" says Dr Kannan.Smoking among men and women is an absolute no-no, says Dr Vivek Jawali, chief cardio thoracic surgeon, Fortis Hospitals. \"It is not advisable to indulge in smoking either for a man or woman. We must learn to say no to tobacco. Our body reacts similarly to one puff or 100 cigarettes. If we adopt a healthy diet, avoid smoking and take up regular physical exercise, we can prevent 80% of heart ailments.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16597259", "title": "Volley of questions awaits Arjun Munda at traders' meet", "text": "RANCHI: Plagued by the problems of frequent power cuts, non-availability of coal, damaged roads, threats of the CPI (Maoist) and its splinter groups for money and fear of FDI in retail , the industrialists and traders of Jharkhand are ready with volley of questions to corner chief minister Arjun Munda during the Udyog Vyapar Sammelan scheduled for Sunday.The industrialists are unhappy because the chief minister is also the in charge of the industry, energy, home and road construction departments and yet the state government has failed to improve the situation.\"A mineral-rich state like Jharkhand which has almost 40% reserve of the country and supplies coal to almost all major power plants in north India suffers from erratic power cuts. There are occasions when industrial units don't get power for more than 6-8 hours a day. Around 400 units which need coal, as raw material, to run the plant do not get it for months and therefore production suffers,\" said an executive committee member of the Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FJCCI). There are more than 2,500 small and medium scale enterprises in the state.To add to the woes, most of the businessmen are forced to cough up a good amount of their earnings as levy to the Maoists and its other splinter groups. \"When someone like Sunil Kejriwal denies paying the levy, he is killed,\" said an industrialist. Kejriwal, the owner of a plastic industry, was killed by rebels earlier this month while returning home. The levy amount ranges from Rs 25,000 to Rs 1 lakh.Industrialist Vikas Singh, who is ready with a volley of questions for the CM, said most of the units were passing through a very bad phase because of high tax in Jharkhand. \"We have been telling the state government that tax on most commodities is very high. In Jharkhand, we pay 14% tax on plywood against 4% in West Bengal. We will request the CM to intervene and end the problem in the interest of local business,\" said Singh.The business community has also complaints against the Jharkhand State Pollution Control Board as it takes months to get a clearance from there. \"Despite all odds when we manage to get land and are ready to start a plant, the board delays the project by not giving clearance on time,\" said Singh.All these problems coupled with non-availability of land is posing problem in expansion of units. According to a rough estimate, at least 500 small and medium scale units, with an investment of around Rs 1,000 crore have failed to take off because of non-availability of land. \"Despite promises, the state government has failed to create land bank for industries,\" said senior FJmember Suresh Sonthalia. Each district has to create a land of at least 200 acres for industrial purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16597545", "title": "Surat to get water from Kakrapar weir", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) is planning to lay pipelines from Kakrapar weir, some 60 km from the city, to draw additional 800 million litre per day (MLD) water. The project is expected to cost Rs 955 crore.The decision has been taken to create an alternate source of water for the city considering the future requirements when the population touches close to 75 lakh from the present 46 lakh.A New Delhi-based consultancy firm Water and Power Consultancy Services ( WAPCOS) was given the task of preparing feasibility report a year ago and now hydraulic department of SMC has started the planning for pipelines as the final report has turned out positive.City engineer, SMC, Jatin Shah said, \"We will scrutinize the report technically and check the other difficulties like getting permissions from different departments like irrigation, highway authority and others.\"The project envisages laying pipelines of 59 km from Kakrapar to Surat via Sampura, Vav at national highway to Surat through Punagam. It is suggested that two pipelines of 1,829mm diametre will be laid which could draw maximum of 780 MLD of water. Of the total 59 km, 40 km pipelines will be along the canal, whereas remaining 19 km lines will be laid along national highway and village roads.Municipal commissioner Manoj Das said, \"We are examining the project thoroughly before taking any final decision.\"\"One advantage that we will have in drawing water from Kakrapar weir is that the quality of raw water will be very good and our treatment costs will come down,\" Shah said.Surat at present gets nearly 800 MLD of water from the weir-cum-causeway at Singanpore.\"It is mandatory for us to have some alternate sources as we can't be totally dependent on release of water from Ukai dam,\" executive engineer, SMC, N G Parekh said.\"In case of failure of monsoon too, release from the dam could be minimal and we can't let citizens go thirsty as our weir is dry,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16596117", "title": "Zoo lends a healing touch to leopard cubs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow zoo has been entrusted with the task of taking care of three leopard cubs which were found abandoned in a sugarcane field in Bijnor.The forest officers of Bijnor recovered the cubs from the villagers who took care of the three till forest officers reached the spot. The cubs were brought to Lucknow zoo on Tuesday.The three are now undergoing treatment at zoo hospital and are under observation. The cubs were found in sugarcane field of Gopal Singh, in Ghasiwala village, under Amangarh range of Bijnor forest division on Sunday. The villagers, out of concern, had kept the cubs with them and informed the forest officers.The officers got the medical check up of the cubs done. The efforts were also made to locate their mother. But, on finding no signs of the leopardess, the cubs were brought to Lucknow zoo.The cubs are very weak, said Renu Singh, zoo director. The zoo staff is making all efforts to feed the cubs and keep them alive.The three are not more than 10-day-old and are surviving on goat milk. Lucknow zoo has 11 leopards, which were rescued from different areas and brought here at different points of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16597923", "title": "Pakistan uncovered 2 LeT camps used for 26/11 training", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A former head of Pakistan's main investigation agency today offered a peek into the probe of the 2008 Mumbai attack, saying sleuths had uncovered two LeT training camps in Sindh province that were used by militants involved in the assault on India's financial hub.Tariq Khosa, who supervised the probe of the Mumbai incident while heading the Federal Investigation Agency, said investigators had found the Lashkar-e-Taiba camps at Thatta and Karachi, the capital of Sindh province.These camps were used by those involved in the attacks, he said.The investigators also found the Pakistani boat that was used by the team of 10 terrorists to travel from Karachi to Indian waters, Khosa said.The boat had been repainted when it was traced but the original colours were found underneath, he said while speaking at the first public hearing organised by a parliamentary panel.The number on the boat's engine had been tampered with by the militants.Investigators used forensic techniques to ascertain the engine number and then found out that the engine had been imported into Pakistan, Khosa said.By following up these leads, investigators were able to find the shop in Lahore which had sold the engine, he said.Khosa said he was aware of more details of the investigation into the Mumbai attacks but it would not be proper to disclose them at a public forum.He spoke at length on sectarian and extremist groups, including the Lashkar-e-Jhangvi, and efforts to counter their activities.He revealed that there were an estimated 25,000 youths in Punjab who had either trained or fought in Afghanistan.Khosa said he had suggested that these youths should be put under surveillance and that special programmes should be organised to deradicalize them.However, no action was taken by authorities, he added. The public hearing was the first such event organised by the Standing Committee on Defence and Defence Production of the Senate or upper house of parliament.The panel, chaired by PML-Q leader Mushahid Hussain Sayed, invited several experts to speak on issues of national security.Indian officials told PTI in the past that Khosa had played a key role in guiding the investigation of the Mumbai attacks before he was removed as head of the FIA in December 2009 for his role in probing several other high-profile crimes.Several key breakthroughs against the Pakistani suspects liked to the Mumbai incident were made during Khosa's tenure.Pakistan has arrested seven suspects, including LeT operations commander Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, for planning, financing and facilitating the Mumbai attacks that resulted in the death of 166 people in November 2008.The trial of these suspects has stalled since last year due to various technical reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16597535", "title": "Veer Narmad South Gujarat University to get modern exam centre", "text": "SURAT: At one go 500 students will be able to take exams together in an air-conditioned (AC) hall that is being developed at Veer Narmad South Gujarat University ( VNSGU) campus. The state-of-the-art examination hall will also have a centralized assessment centre where answer books would be checked by evaluators.The new examination hall is being developed besides the existing examination centre at a cost of Rs 2 crore sanctioned by University Grants Commission ( UGC). According to the rules, the evaluators have to check the answer books at the university campus only and cannot take them outside. Till now the evaluation was being done in different departments and also the existing examination centre. \"Now the papers will be checked at one place and those checking them will have all the modern facilities. The evaluators will save a lot of time and the exercise will be completed soon,\" vice-chancellor Dakshesh Thakar said.The hall being developed will be utilized for conducting entrance examinations for different courses in which a very large number of students appear. \"The AC hall will provide the best environment to the students to perform well. Lesser resources would be required to conduct the exams,\" Thakar added.The university is also setting up a library at the girls' at a cost of Rs 25 lakh. The money for the library has been donated by a city-based educationist Mahesh Savani.A girls' hostel building, a studio for fine arts students and a science block were inaugurated on Friday at the university campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16597260", "title": "HC notice to babus, netas for \u2018overstay\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"Illegal\" and \"forcible\" occupation of government houses by high profile politicians, ex-ministers/MLA and retired bureaucrats in various prime sectors of City Beautiful has come under the scanner of Punjab and Haryana high court.The matter reached before the HC on Friday, through a petition filed by a local lawyer alleging that retired bureaucrat from Punjab D S Guru, former Punjab CM Rajinder Kaur Bhathal, former ministers Ranjit Singh Brahampura, Sucha Singh Langah, and Nirmal Singh Kahlon have occupied government accommodations in Chandigarh, in an unauthorized manner.Hearing the petition, Justice Rajesh Bindal of the HC has issued notice to Chandigarh administration seeking their response on the contentions raised by the petitioner. Now the matter has been fixed for October 8 for further hearing.While submitting that nobody from the side of the government is willing to take action against the high profiles possessing houses illegally, petitioner suggested that action be taken against those occupying these houses illegally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16597661", "title": "Cops injured in clash; 14 held", "text": "HUBLI: Police resorted to mild lathicharge and use of tear gas to disperse a mob after a clash broke out between police and the public in Rattihalli town on Thursday night. Fourteen persons have been arrested in this connection.During a Ganesh immersion procession, locals clashed with cops over a petty issue. Later they started throwing stones at the cops, and when the situation turned into violent, police resorted lathicharge.Section 144 has been imposed till September 29 in the town.Around 12 cops including district SP Chetan Singh Rathor sustained minor injuries. Eight persons were injured in the lathicharge.District Armed Reserve Police and Karnataka State Reserve Police have deployed in the town, said police.Speaking to TOI, SP Rathor said that the situation is under control and they will take a call on extension of Section 144.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16594823", "title": "Tug of war over unused land", "text": "INDORE: The Audyogik Kendra Vikas Nigam (AKVN) is in talks with the union government trying to get unutilised land from National Automotive Test Track (Natrax) for setting up industrial units in Pithampur area. However, Natrax is reluctant to part with the land, which it wants to use for future expansion.The state government had allotted land measuring 4,000 acres to Natrax for construction of an auto testing track at Pithampur. However, out of the 4,000 acres land, around 400 acres of land is still lying unutilized.The AKVN has written to the union government urging it to give it the unutilised land so that it could set up industrial units there. There are around 150 companies, which want to set up their units in the state. These companies are likely to sign MoUs with the state government forthcoming Global Investors' Summit (GIS), scheduled to be held in Indore between October 28 and 30. When contacted, N Karuppaiah, site head, Natrax, Pithampur, said, \"We had been allotted land measuring 4,120 acres for construction of an auto testing track and the project is likely to be completed by next year-end. There are seven tracks to come up over there. However none of them has been completed as of now. We do have a portion of land, which remains unutilised so far. But, we need surplus land for our future expansion plan.\"The auto testing track project aims at creating core global competencies in automotive sector in India and facilitate seamless integration of Indian automotive industry with the world as also to position the country prominently on the global automotive map.The AKVN is also trying to get around 80 acres of land, which is lying unutilised. There were five to seven industrial units, which were later closed down due to various reasons and around 80 acres of land is lying unutilized, said a source familiar with the development. I don't think AKVN was right in its move to force them to vacate, he added.The AKVN is in talks with the central government in this connection. Confirming it, Manish Singh, MD, AKVN, told ToI, \"As of now, we have got proposals from more than 150 investors that are willing to put their money in the Indore region and Pithampur industrial area was the only venue available for them as an already developed industrial area.\"We have identified other potential industrial areas too in the region, but it will take some time for them when they are fully developed.Again, there are nearly 150 existing units in Pithampur, that had been allotted land in past by us.\"Still, they have not been able to either construct their buildings or they have been closed for long or have been using land for other purposes in violation of norms. So we want to take back the land allotted to them.\"Also, we are in talks with the central government so as to know if the unutilised land of Natrax, measuring 400 acres, can be vacated. However, we have found during our observation that it is having unutilised area surrounding its project in the area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi/bangalore/chennai", "code": "16596521", "title": "SC tells Karnataka to give water to Tamil Nadu immediately", "text": "NEW DELHI/BANGALORE/CHENNAI: In a setback to Karnataka, the Supreme Court on Friday directed it to release 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu and reprimanded it for failing to comply with the Prime Minister-headed Cauvery River Authority's (CRA) directive on the issue.A bench of Justice D K Jain and Justice Madan Lokur warned Karnataka that if it failed to comply with the CRA directive, the bench will have to pass appropriate orders.\"This is the order passed by the CRA, headed by the PM. You don't want to comply with it. We are very sorry for the kind of respect you have for the highest authority,\" the bench said.\"You comply with the directive or we will pass the order,\" the bench further told counsel appearing for the Karnataka government. The court then directed Karnataka to release 9,000 cusecs of water under the distress sharing formula from September 20 to October 15 and sought its reply within a week.\"If they refuse to obey the court's order, we will start a fresh round of legal battle,\" said a senior government official in Tamil Nadu. For the state, which is in need of water for samba cultivation, the court order has come as a reprieve. Though TN could not get its due share of 2 tmcft (24,000 cusecs) a day for the next 24 days, the latest order to release 9,000 cusecs will be a timely relief, he said.The court's directive and reprimand came as a shocker to Karnataka. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar, who had scheduled a meeting with the Cauvery legal team in New Delhi, held discussions. The team, led by noted jurist Fali S Nariman, told the CM to release water to Karnataka ``forthwith.''\"We asked the CM to comply with the order immediately. There is no question of defying it,\" sources said.Shettar has convened an all-party meeting in Bangalore on Saturday to discuss the repercussions of releasing the water as the farmers have stoutly opposed any such move. It will have to keep the law and order situation in mind, while complying with the order. Farmer representatives in Mandya and Mysore have threatened agitations. Cauvery Hitaraskahana Hoarata Samiti chief and former MP G Made Ggowda said, \"We will ask hundreds and thousands of farmers to sleep on the river bed and lay siege to Kabini and KRS dams.\"This is the second setback for Karnataka in a matter of a week. When the state failed to abide by the CRA directive after the September 19 meeting, the Centre issued a notice on September 25 asking the state to release water as the monitoring of water releases and storage in the dams by the Central water resources department found there was sufficient water to comply with the order.Earlier, senior counsel C S Vaidyanathan, appearing for Tamil Nadu, urged the apex court to direct the Centre under Article 355 of the Constitution to protect the state's interest. He said the court may direct deployment of the army in Karnataka to ensure compliance of the CRA order.Under Article 355, it is the duty of the Union government to protect states against external aggression, internal disturbances and to ensure that the governance of the state is carried out in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution.Karnataka on September 10 had agreed to release 10,000 cusecs of water from Cauvery river to Tamil Nadu till September 20 as a goodwill gesture. The apex court at the last hearing prior to the CRA meeting had declined to pass any order on Tamil Nadu's plea in response to Karnataka's gesture. It hoped the CRA would be able to find an \"amicable\" solution to the river water row in its September 19 meeting.The CRA meeting held on September 19 had failed to produce a solution as Karnataka had rejected Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's directive to the state to release 9,000 cusecs of water to save standing crops in the delta region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16595254", "title": "CM promises land to all landless tribals", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Friday said it would provide land to all landless tribals living in tribal sub-plan (TSP) areas of the state within five years, official sources said.Addressing a meeting of the state-level Tribes Advisory Council (TAC), which comprises tribal political leaders and social activists, chief minister Naveen Patnaik said, \"My government has decided to provide land to all landless tribals in TSP blocks over the next 5 years (2016-17) covering all 19,016 villages, so that no tribal family in TSP area would remain landless.\" About a quarter of the state's 4.19 crore people are tribals belonging to 62 different groups.In Odisha, 118 of the total 314 blocks come under TSP. The TSP areas, spread over 12 districts, is more or less co-terminus with the schedules area in the state. Official sources said the government has so far given 1465.18 acre of land to 33,090 homestead-less tribal families. Sources said the remaining homestead-less tribal households would be allotted land in a phased manner covering 7,136 villages in the first phase, 3970 villages in the second phase and 7910 villages in the third phase.\"We have already begun work on the project. A land coordinator will be appointed through NGOs for every three villages in the TSP blocks to expedite the land distribution process,\" said secretary, ST and SC development, Santosh Sarangi.At the meeting, TAC members, who include ST and SC development minister L B Himrika, MPs Hemananda Biswal and Jayaram Pangi and 15 MLAs, expressed displeasure over certain provisions of the Orissa Reservation of Vacancies (ORV) Act and sought amendment, sources said. Talasara legislator Prafulla Majhi (Cong) said to protest the interest of tribal youths the law should be amended forthwith.Official sources said some TAC members want amendment of the ORV Act and introduce reservation for contractual employees. Te members also demanded filling up of all backlog vacancies expeditiously. Further, the government representatives told the council that to increase enrollment and reduce dropout of ST students, over 2000 hostels having 100 seats each have already been made functional, while another 1400 hostels are under different stages of construction. The government would open six new B.Ed. colleges in Kandhamal, Malkangiri, Nabarangpur, Raygada, Mayurbhanj and Sundargarh districts to allow more ST and SC students to undergo B.Ed. training and address the trained teacher deficit in the tribal areas, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16599721", "title": "Stewart UK's most searched celebrity style icon", "text": "Kristen Stewart knocked Pippa Middleton off the top spot to become UK's most searched celebrity style icon.Once known for her grubby converse and grungy styling, the ' Twilight ' actress has adopted a more polished look in the past 1 year, winning positive responses from the fashion world and a lucrative perfume campaign for French label, Balenciaga.Though Middleton topped the poll in 2011, the 2012 result showed her placed in a lowly 11th place.Other celebrities who came up trumps this year were the ' X Factor ' judge Tulisa Contostavlos, who achieved second place and quirky American actress, Zooey Deschanel in third.Last year's runner up, The Saturdays singer Frankie Sandford dropped to ninth and ' TOWIE ' star Sam Faiers, who came third in 2011, didn't make the top 10 this time around.Other celebrities present in the top 10 for 2012 were actress Emma Watson , model Miranda Kerr and Radio One DJ, Fearne Cotton .\"We had quite a few new entries this year which makes our top ten very diverse!\" Bobbie Malpass, editor of MyCelebrityFashion.co.uk - the website that produced the figures, said.\"We really like keeping an eye on who are the most searched for celebrity names on the website, to make sure we deliver to our readers their favourite celebrity styles and relevant content.\"This new top ten shows that people are looking for a range of styles and are taking inspiration from many different celebrities,\" she added.UK's top 10 most searched celebrity style icon in 2012 are:1. Kristen Stewart2. Tulisa Contostavlos3. Zooey Deschanel4. Emma Watson5. Miranda Kerr6. Fearne Cotton7. Kim Sears8. Kate Middleton9. Sam Faiers10. Cheryl Cole", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16594846", "title": "9-yr-old girl first dengue victim in Delhi this season", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi reported the first dengue victim of the season on Friday. A nine-year-old girl from Sangam Vihar in south Delhi died at AIIMS after heavy bleeding and low blood pressure. Eight new dengue cases were reported on Friday, taking the number of cases in the capital so far to 64.\"Tabassum, daughter of Zaved, was admitted to AIIMS on September 24. She died (the same day) due to Dengue Shock Syndrome (DSS) \u2014 the most severe complication caused by the disease,\" said a senior health official of the South Delhi Municipal Corporation.Of the eight cases reported on Friday, three were from Civil Lines and one each from the central, south and east zone. The NDMC area has also reported one dengue case.Dengue, malaria and chikungunya cases are likely to go up in the coming days, said Dr Monica Mahajan of Max Hospital, Saket. \"Mosquito-borne diseases tend to increase post-rains. September and October are most crucial. People must take extra precaution,\" she said.Symptoms of dengue milder this yearOf the 64 dengue cases reported in Delhi so far, more than 30 came up in the past two weeks, a senior health official of the South Delhi Municipal Corporation said.The incidence is only expected to go up in the post-rain period but there may be a glimmer of hope.Dr S P Byotra, head of the medicine department at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, said this time, the disease symptoms were milder compared to previous years. \"Few people coming to us need to be admitted or need transfusion,\" he said.In 2010, dengue rose to epidemic proportions in the city, affecting more than 6,000 people and causing eight deaths.The only death reported so far was nine-year-old who died of Dengue Shock Syndrome. Dr Suranjit Chatterjee, senior consultant at the internal medicine department at Apollo hospital said DSS was the most severe manifestation of dengue.\"It occurs in patients suffering from dengue hemorrhagic fever in which there is bleeding from the nose, mouth and in the urine. It causes lowering of blood pressure leading to death,\" said Chatterjee.\"Fumigation has been intensified in all high-risk areas including Sangam Vihar. All hospitals have been asked to report to us regularly,\" a municipal official said.The city has also reported six cases of chikungunya this year.\"Fumigation has been intensified in all high-risk areas including Sangam Vihar. All hospitals have been asked to report to us regularly,\" a municipal official said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16599345", "title": "World Heart Day: NCC cadets to spread awareness on cardiac diseases", "text": "NEW DELHI: Their regular training and community service apart, NCC members will now have another vital role to play from Saturday -- as ambassadors spreading awareness on cardiac diseases.The NCC cadets, who belong to the age group of 14-25, will be sensitised about ill-effects of heart diseases and ways to prevent them from earlier age under an initiative by Apollo Hospitals in cooperation with National Cadet Corps.All 14 lakh NCC members will eventually be brought under this initiative which will impart lessons on how one can lead a healthy heart life and some basic first aid techniques.The initiative, part of the Apollo Hospital's 'Billion Hearts Beating' programme, will be launched here Saturday on the 'World Heart Day'.About 2,000 students will take a pledge that they will remain active, eat healthy food, quit smoking or say no to smoking, beat stress and going for regular health check-ups.\"We want to sensitise the young minds. Once we are able to convince the youth, we can achieve a heart disease-free India,\" Apollo Hospitals chairman Prathap C Reddy said.The NCC members will be asked to create awareness first inside their houses and in the neighbourhood.\"Parents do listen to children. So when a child comes to know about the ill-effects of smoking and drinking, the child tells his or her parents,\" he said.Reddy, a cardiologist himself, said several thousand students would take a pledge and dedicate themselves in creating awareness on heart diseases across the country.He also said youth are most prone to heart diseases in the country and attributed changing lifestyle as the major cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16598002", "title": "Next mission: Navigate seas of Saturn's moon", "text": "LONDON: After the successful landing of Curiosity rover on Mars , scientists now plan to navigate the seas of Saturn's largest moon, Titan.According to scientists presenting their proposals at the European Planetary Science Congress, this outlandish scenario could soon become a reality.The new project, called the Titan Lake In-situ Sampling Propelled Explorer, proposes a boat-probe, propelled by wheels, paddles or screws. The probe would land in the middle of Ligeia Mare (the biggest lake, near Titan's north pole), then set sail for the coast, taking scientific measurements along the way. The mission would last around six months to a year.Titan is one of the most Earth-like bodies in the Solar System with a network of seas, lakes and rivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16597750", "title": "Couple caught in indecent act at M S University", "text": "VADODARA: A boy and a girl were nabbed at M S University's faculty of commerce on Friday. The love birds were allegedly spending private moments and behaving indecently inside an empty classroom at the main building premises of the faculty.A non-teaching staff member of the faculty noticed the duo cuddling up inside the classroom. Later, he approached the student dean of the faculty and the building coordinator.The faculty officials sought identity of the duo, which revealed that while the boy was a third year student of the faculty, the girl was not a student of MSU.The male student had an identity card of third year Bachelors of Commerce of the unit building of the faculty.The faculty officials let off the duo after issuing them a warning and a written apology from them.In the recent times, many a love birds have been nabbed while indulging in public display of affection. Recently, a boy and a girl were nabbed naked spending private moments on the faculty of science premises. A written apology was also sought from them before they were let off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16597134", "title": "Nirmal Bharat Yatra to promote sanitation from Oct 3", "text": "NEW DELHI: A mega campaign to spread the message of rural sanitation, Nirmal Bharat Yatra, will begin on October 3, focusing on making the country free of open defecation.The announcement was made by actress Vidya Balan, the brand ambassador of the rural development ministry's campaign for improving sanitation, and Union minister Jairam Ramesh.Ramesh said the 2,000-km yatra will rope in people from all sections of society including school children to pass on the message. \"The multi-media campaign will start from October 2 and I am grateful to Vidya Balan for her participation in this. The yatra will begin on October 3 from the Gandhi Ashram located in Sevagram in Wardha (Maharashtra) and end in Bettiah (Bihar) on November 17,\" Ramesh said.Beginning from Wardha, the yatra will go through Indore, Kota, Gwalior, Gorakhpur and Bettiah, covering over 200 km in 56 days. The programme will cost Rs 12 crore.Balan said she was committed to the cause of sanitation, adding that women bring such changes in households.Ramesh said films had their importance as agents of change. \"The way 'Manthan' gave a message on women's empowerment far and wide, I wish one day there will be a movie over the issue of hygiene and sanitation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16597056", "title": "Statewide teachers on day-long strike today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the call given by Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh (UPMSS), teachers across the state would boycott teaching work on Saturday in protest against the non-fulfillment of their demands. They include teachers from Allahabad and other districts also who would be going on a daylong strike in protest against the lackadaisical attitude of the state government towards the demands of teachers.Media incharge of teacher MLA Suresh Kumar Tripathi said that sense of insecurity is prevailing among teachers who have been appointed after April 1, 2005 about the implementation of pension policy in any form for teachers. Besides, there is no provision for accident claim.The other demands of teachers include regularisation of teachers in government aided secondary schools across the state laongwith providing benfits to CT grade teachers who have been promoted to LT grade.The teachers are also demanding LT grade for teachers who do not possess a post graduate degree and have also urged the state government to declare ad hoc teachers in unaided schools as full time teachers with service rules and pay scales.As per the declared programme teachers would assemble inside their respective school /colleges and boycott while the office bearers of UPMSS would gather at the old office of district inspector of schools(DIOS) and march up to the new office of DIOS where a meeting would be held under the leadership of teacher MLA, Suresh Kumar Tripathi. Later, they would hand over a memorandum to the DIOS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16597430", "title": "China's Communist Party expels Bo", "text": "BEIJING: China's Communist Party finally axed disgraced leader Bo Xilai from the organization after months of speculation about his fate.The party also announced November 8 as the date for holding the 18th Congress, which will choose the country's next president and PM.Bo, the former party secretary in Chongqing, caused a stir within the party by evoking memories of the Mao era, and faces criminal investigation and prosecution for bribe taking, abuse of power and ordering subordinates to hush up a case of murder against his wife, Gu Kailai.The party said Bo, 63, was expelled from the party as well as the elite decision-making politburo and central committee \"in view of his errors and culpability in the Wang Lijun incident and the intentional homicide case involving Gu Kailai\". He was also accused of maintaining \"improper sexual relationships with a number of women \". The party said, \"Bo Xilai's actions created grave repercussions and did massive harm to the reputation of the party and state, producing an extremely malign effect at home and abroad.\"Despite the centralized political structure in China, the top leaders waited for months to assess the possible repercussions of sacking Bo. His wife Gu was recently given a suspended death sentence for killing a British businessman Neil Heywood, while his former deputy and Chongqing vice mayor Wang Lijun was sentenced for 15 years in jail.The upcoming meeting of the party congress will elect a new politburo standing committee as seven of its nine members including President Hu Jintao are retiring. Two existing members who will stay in the politburo include vice president Xi Jinping , expected to become the next president. The other member, vice premier Li Keqiang, has been tipped for the post of the next premier.A new CPC central committee and a new central commission for discipline inspection, which is behind the anti-corruption drive, will be elected at the congress.Bo was expected to be promoted to the politburo standing committee before his deputy sought shelter in the US consulate in Chengdu in early February saying he needed protection from his boss.Party's investigators have now found that Bo committed \"grave violations of party discipline\" years back when he worked in Dalian city and Liaoning province and became the country's minister of commerce. In saying so, the party has opened itself up for criticism about why such a man continued to be promoted through the party ranks for more than a decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16596991", "title": "NDMA plans massive mock exercise to test quake preparedness", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come February 2013, a massive quake measuring 8 on the Richter scale will rock Mandi in Himachal Pradesh; thankfully, only as part of a mock drill being planned by the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA). The mock exercise will test the quake preparedness across north-western India, covering Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and the Union Territory of Chandigarh, all of which will be \"affected\" by the \"seismic jolt\".The mock drill \u2014 taking Sundernagar in Mandi as the epicentre of the quake \u2014 will come exactly a year after a similar massive exercise was held across all the nine districts of Delhi. The capital had witnessed the 7.2 magnitude \"tremor\" on February 15 this year as part of the NDMA drill and put the response of its various agencies to test. Nearly 55,000 volunteers that participated in the exercise that created a number of simulated situations like collapse of flyovers, crack in metro pillars, damage to hospitals and collapse of residential buildings due to an earthquake measuring 7 on the Richter scale.According to NDMA vice-chairman M Shashidhar Reddy, a similar mock exercise is also planned in the highly-seismic north-eastern region later in 2013. Taking a cue from the experiences during the massive Shillong earthquake of 1897, which is one of the best documented seismic emergency, the agency plans to assess and evaluate the response of the administrations and emergency services in the north-eastern states.\"We are locally doing mock drills in different parts of the country, but the upcoming exercises in north-west region and thereafter the north-eastern region will simultaneously test preparedness in many states,\" Mr Reddy said at a press conference here on Friday to mark the NDMA's 8th Foundation Day.Just like the response of each and every agency to the Delhi mock quake drill was assessed to document the deficiencies, the upcoming mock exercises across the north-western and north-eastern states will be evaluated for response and preparedness of the various agencies involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16596402", "title": "Andheri society protests at BMC office", "text": "MUMBAI: A 300-flats-strong housing society in the K-West Ward of Andheri (West) has spent Rs 2 lakh on water tankers in the two months since the BMC imposed a 10% water cut in July.On Friday, residents of Cama Park Cooperative Housing Society (CHS) protested at the K-West ward office alleging that the BMC's lower-rung officials were hand-in-glove with the tanker mafia.\"We are being harassed. Officials of the BMC's hydraulic department have been cutting supply of water and giving it to the tanker lobby,\" alleged Homi Dalal, a resident of Cama Park CHS. \"Each tanker costs Rs 1,200 and we have to take two tankers a day. And during the 10% water cuts, six tankers were called in daily.\"Dalal said that a tap has been fixed outside their society. Cyrus Karanjia, secretary, Cama Park, said the society follows the age-old 'chabiwallah' system where a lower-rung BMC official from the hydraulic department opens a tap's valve to allow free flow of water.\"The BMC chabiwallahs reduce the pressure of water flow to our society. We get water from 6am to 9am,\" said Dalal. Karanjia added, \"Withdrawal of water cut (on September 15) has given us no relief.\"A developed suburb such as Bandra (West) has a similar story as more than 12 borewell water suppliers are said to operate here.\"There is a nexus between the lower level BMC's water department chabiwallas. They turn on the valves daily to supply water to each road. What they do is reduce the water supply to one road, giving these tankers a readymade source of business. The moment complaints reach higher-ups in the BMC, they restart normal supply to that road and move on to the next,\" said Anil Joseph, chairman, Perry Road Residents' Association.Joseph said that opposite Perry Road, off St Cyril's Road, is a well water supplier who has a one-acre plot with a cottage. \"We see his vehicles supplying well water from 7am right up to 11pm. I often wonder how so much water can come out of a single plot. In the BMC meetings, I have personally asked the water department officials to give us the status report to see if there is any underground hidden BMC water pipe connection; and also on the other 11 well water suppliers in Bandra. We are still awaiting the report,\" said Joseph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16597618", "title": "Tamil Nadu hikes support price for paddy", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government on Friday increased the minimum support price (MSP ) for procurement of paddy from farmers in the state.In a statement , the chief minister said the Centre has fixed the MSP for paddy for the October 2012-S eptember 2013 Khariff season at 1,250 and 1,280 per quintal for ordinary and fine variety of paddy . In line with this decision , an additional 50 and 70 per quintal wouldbe providedfor ordinary andfine variety paddy.Claiming that her government had been providing additional support price to encourage farmers over and above the amount fixed by the Centre, Jayalaithaa said farmers would get a MSPof 1,300for ordinary variety of paddy and 1,350for thefine variety.She also directed the district collectors to accord permission to Civil Supplies Corporation authorities to open more paddy procurement centres in theCauvery delta where the paddy yieldwashigher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16596714", "title": "Two drown in underground water tank", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two workers of a food processing major company in Naroda got drowned in an underground tank when they entered into it for cleaning on Friday morning with three other workers. Naroda police have registered a case of accidental death and have started investigation to know whether it was a case of industrial safety negligence.According to Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials, they got a call from Samrat Namkeen's food processing unit in phase II of Naroda GIDC at 9:46 am on Friday. When the team rushed to the spot, they got to know that a group of five workers had entered into a 20-feet high water tank for cleaning its inside surface. However, the group soon felt uneasy and one after another fell into the water which was four feet high.\"We suspect that the fall might have caused due to asphyxiation inside the tank. The AFES team entered the tank and brought the victims out. While two of the workers - Kamlesh Thakor, 25, and Sanjay Suthar, 20 - died on the spot, three others were rushed to a nearby private hospital for treatment,\" said an AFES official.Naroda police said that the workers did not have any safety equipments on them and thus they have started a probe on whether the deaths were caused by negligence from the unit administration.Monkey Business at Alpha One mall, AFES, animal activities cry foulTwo monkeys managed to enter the Alpha One mall near Vastrapur lake on Friday afternoon and one of them entered the lift shaft, creating security concerns for the administration. While the monkeys got out on their own later, the teams of animal rescuers and Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services entered into altercation with the mall authorities. AFES officials said that they were harassed and were not even allowed to take the rescue gear inside, even after informing them about the urgency of the situation. An animal rescue organization also experienced the same thing and vowed not to come back for such operations at this mall in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595530", "title": "Court sets aside BMC order on Juhu-Vile Parle development plot transfer of development rights", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday set aside a two-year-old BMC order which prevented use of transfer of development rights (TDR) on two plots in the Juhu-Vile Parle development (JVPD) scheme. The entire JVPD layout spans across 52 acres and there are several big residential projects worth over Rs 200 crore which have been stuck for the last two years ever since the BMC refused permission based on a state notification. The notification of 2010 had barred the BMC from allowing construction on plots in the Juhu area which the government said were amenity plots meant for public use. The HC order will now open the doors to Juhu-Vile Parle developers and give rise to a surge of development in the area.A bench of the HC comprising Justices S A Bobde and R G Ketkardirected the plot owners were entitled to use TDR up to the normal permissible FSI of one as allowed under the development control rules on their plots. The order with which the HC disposed of two petitions filed last year by V J Mehta and Hasmukh Mehta would act as a precedent for other plot owners similarly placed and whose development applications were rejected by the BMC on the apparent ground their plots were situated in the JVPD scheme. These two plots were not amenity plots either argued Mehta's counsel. Aspi Chinoy and advocate Sagar Pawar.The BMC had in 2010 refused permissions to the Mehtas to use any TDR on their plots. In one order dated June 28, 2010, the BMC said the reasons for denial of permission was that since the plots were in the JVPD scheme more than the normal one FSI was being consumed. The judges held the BMC's reasons are entirely misconceived since at no point of time had the petitioners claimed a right to use more than one FSI which is normally permitted when TDR is to be loaded.\" The BMC had also expressed apprehension that if permitted to load TDR, it could lead to people \"benefiting from the enhanced 2.5 FSI\". The HC found no merit in this fear.E P Bharucha, counsel for the BMC, said the civic body has made a representation to the state to clarify its position on utilization of TDRs on public amenity plots. That was another reason why the BMC had placed the Mehtas' request on hold. But given that the plot was not meant for public amenities, Justice Bobde while dictating the final order said they were entitled to the TDR to the extent of one FSI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16596868", "title": "Order unfortunate, say farmers' leaders", "text": "MYSORE: The Supreme Court order on Friday directing Karnataka to release 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu every day until October 20 is bound to create trouble for the Jagadish Shettar government on the farmers' front.Cauvery Hitarakshana Horata Samiti chief and former MP G Made Gowda said: \"We'll ask hundreds and thousands of farmers to sleep in the river bed and lay siege to ---.\"A group of farmers staged an instant dharna and blocked vehicular traffic on the Bangalore-Mysore highway at Maddur, Shivapura and Mandya towns.The government may find it difficult to release water if storage in the dams in the Cauvery delta is taken into consideration. According to water resource department sources, at present there is hardly 22tmcft of water in the KRS dam and the apex court order is obeyed, more than 23tmcft will flow to Tamil Nadu, leaving the dam empty.\"All four dams combined together hardly have 35tmcft of water which is not sufficient to even protect the existing crops and drinking water needs of cities and towns in the delta including Bangalore and Mysore,'' sources said.Quote hangerWhen Karnataka itself has no water, how it can abide by the Supreme Court order? At the same time, we cannot violate the court directive. Karnataka should file a petition urging the court to review its order. Siddaramaiah | opposition leader in legislative assemblyFiled by Maramkal/Cleared by Naheed/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "patna/khagaria", "code": "16597575", "title": "SIT formed to probe attack, 35 arrested", "text": "PATNA/KHAGARIA: Shiv Kumar Jha, an SP-rank officer, will head a Special Investigation team (SIT) constituted to probe into the incidents at Khagaria on Thursday during chief minister Nitish Kumar's 'Adhikar Yatra'. This information was given by ADG(HQ) Ravindra Kumar in the state capital. Meanwhile, 35 persons have been arrested in connection with the attack on CM's convoy and vandalism in the town, according to Khagaria SP Mithoo Prasad.The attack was part of a conspiracy hatched by youth wings of some opposition parties, said the SP on Friday. He, however, refused to name the organizations whose workers were allegedly involved in the attack.The SP said an FIR had been lodged against 75 named accused and 600 unknown persons for brick-batting, arson, setting ablaze vehicles and damaging government property.Meanwhile, even after 24 hours of the Khagaria incident, senior officers at the state police headquarters were reluctant to comment on it. State DGP Abhayanand said he would not comment on the issue till investigation in the case was over. \"I cannot drop names because I am not a politician. I have to take responsibility of whatever statement I make,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16599047", "title": "Apple's music streaming hopes dashed by Sony", "text": "NEW YORK: Apple's plan to create its own music-streaming service was dramatically dashed as the tech giant and Sony couldn't agree on a per-song rights fee.Sources familiar with the matter, the deal between Sony/ATV, the world's largest music publisher, and Apple couldn't be accomplished due to this last minute snag.According to The New York Post, those rights are usually tenths of a penny per stream, sources said.Sony/ATV was looking for a higher rate, the report said.Executives close to the matter also said that Sony/ATV is about to set the music streaming sector on its ear, as it will pull out of the two main copyright associations, Ascap and BMI, in January.Leaving the two groups will make it harder for companies like Pandora to negotiate future rights deals, the paper said.According to the report, Sony/ATV's rejection of Apple's terms for its streaming service is a rare defeat for the California based firm.Apple needed to negotiate rights from the individual rights holders and not simply from Ascap and BMI as Pandora did because it was looking to operate a souped-up streaming service, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595293", "title": "Post-second round admissions in private medical colleges not confirmed", "text": "MUMBAI: Following complaints about irregularities in the procedure, admissions granted to students in private and unaided medical colleges in the state-most of them run by politicians-post-second round, have been made provisional till further notice. After around 80 students and their parents aired their grievances, it has been ordered probably for the first time that those seats given out will not be confirmed till Pravesh Niyantran Samiti scrutinizes all of them.Hundreds of aspiring doctors are likely to be affected by the decision as most institutes have already filled the vacant seats.Admissions granted after the second round to private and unaided medical and dental colleges across the state will now be made provisional till the Pravesh Niyantran Samiti scrutinizes them all. After receiving close to 80 complaints from students and parents about irregularities in the admissions done at the institute level, the PNS has asked all the colleges to inform students that their admissions would be made provisional till further notice. Most of the colleges, against whom the complaint has been filed, are run by politicians.After the Supreme Court passed an order, the Association for Private Unaided Medical and Dental Colleges in the state this year conducted only two, and not the usual three, rounds of admissions on the basis of ASSO-CET results. Students, who did not get a seat in the two rounds, had to apply to all the colleges with vacant seats. But students alleged that some institutes did not follow the rules. suffered as the colleges did not follow the prescribed rules. Many While certain institutes ended their admissions within three days, others claimed not to have vacant seats and some asked for donations, alleged students.On receiving the complaints, the PNS held a hearing on Friday. PNS office secretary P E Gaikwad said, \"We have asked all colleges to make the admissions given after the second round provisional and confirm the post-second round seats only after the PNS scrutinizes them. As we have received about 80 complaints and the number may go up in the next two days (deadline for complaints is September 30),We will hear out both the colleges and students,\" Gaikwad said. \"As students, denied admissions, complained of irregularities, seats given out in the second round will also be checked.\" PNS chairman D K Deshmukh held the hearing. The PNS plans to take up each colleges one by one and confirm its seats. It has also asked the institutes colleges to inform such students that their admissions are now provisional and also have asked the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences not to consider the admissions in the current status.Students are, however, not content with the PNS move. Some parents, along with the Forum for Fairness in Education, plan to move court. A parent, Ajaz Rawoot, said, \"My daughter is yet to get admission. and we have been running around for the last one week. None of the colleges followed the guidelines despite an SC order.\" Forum president Jayant Jain said, \"We have received many complaints. We are trying to gather more evidences to move court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16596779", "title": "Now, Juhapura protests against American film", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a string of violent incidents across the world and recent protests in India against 'Innocence of Muslims', a film by a US-based filmmaker that created a storm for allegedly showing Prophet Muhammad in poor light, residents of Juhapura showed solidarity with the cause on Friday by observing a complete bandh. Interestingly, no group or organization took responsibility for the call.According to Juhapura residents, they were getting SMSes about the andh on Friday to protest against the film. \"Majority of commercial establishments remained shut and autos did not ply. The schools had morning classes but the students were given leave by recess. The bandh was very successful,\" said a local resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16599456", "title": "Maharashtra governor accepts Ajit Pawar's resignation", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra governor K Sankarnarayanan on Saturday accepted the resignation of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who quit following reports about his alleged involvement in a Rs 20,000 crore irrigation scam.Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan met the governor on Saturday morning and handed over Pawar's resignation.\"The governor has accepted Ajit Pawar's resignation as recommended by the chief minister,\" a Raj Bhavan spokesperson said.The crisis in the Congress-NCP coalition government in the state, triggered by the surprise resignation of Ajit Pawar, came to an end on Friday after party chief Sharad Pawar asked Chavan to accept it and directed 19 other ministers who had also stepped down to resume office.Mounting a major fire-fight, the NCP boss had held a series of meetings with party leaders and legislators to bring the curtains down on the dramatic developments, which began on Tuesday with the sudden resignation of Pawar.Divisions had surfaced in the party with national leaders like Union minister Praful Patel favouring acceptance of Ajit Pawar's resignation and the legislators wanting him to take it back.However, Pawar Sr, had been consistently maintaining that there was no threat to the 13-year Congress-NCP coalition in the state which was caught in the throes of a turmoil after Ajit Pawar stepped down.The 53-year-old nephew of Sharad Pawar, had resigned following media reports about his alleged involvement in a Rs 20,000 crore scam when he held the irrigation portfolio between 1999 and 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16597085", "title": "Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology's techno-management festival fest from Nov 6", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT) will organise its annual techno-management festival, Avishkar, from November 6-9.Programme convenor Shubhadeep Das said various technical events, ranging from robotics, software coding, web design, structure design to numerous online events besides aeromodelling shows will be held at the festival. Quiz and other fun filled events will also be organised.The institute also conducted a robotics workshop for its students on September 18 and 19 wherein more than 400 students participated. Buoyed by the response, another workshop on Android mobile operation will be held as part of Avishkar on September 29 and 30.Participants will be given a first-hand experience of ANDROID architecture, various applications and the day to day developments.In addition, the students will be provided with a software kit and a participation certificate.Participants will be registered on spot on 29th September from 8.30 A.M onwards at NLH-1, MNNIT Allahabad. For further queries, participants can visit the website: www.avishkar2012.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16597404", "title": "Detectives zero in on shoot-snatch bikers", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata Police may have scored a significant breakthrough in the recent south-Kolkata shootings. A known criminal, who matches the description of one of the suspects, has been picked up from Mathurapur, South 24-Parganas.But there is still a long way to go before police can say they have identified the gang. They have to find the 7.65mm and 9mm guns used in the shootings and the chains that were snatched.The mysterious bike gang has struck terror in well known residential localities of south Kolkata that have never known crime, let alone hit-and-run attacks by trigger-happy bikers.Last week, bikers - possibly the same gang - hit the quiet Central Park locality in Jadavpur.They snatched a chain from an elderly woman in the middle of a crowd of morning shoppers and when locals tried to chase them, one of the goons pulled out a pistol and fired at them. The very next day, bikers snatched a chain from a woman at a milk outlet in Dhakuria. When she grabbed one of the goons, they fired five rounds at her.The back-to-back shootings shocked the city. More so when police drew comparisons with the gang that shot and critically injured a woman in Kasba in March.At first, police thought that it was a bunch of amateurs - possibly students or BPO workers - who fired without hesitation because they were too raw to hold their nerve.But after analysing the modus operandi of the gang, officers of the detective department suspect the involvement of criminals from South 24-Paraganas with long criminal records. They found similarities in the Jadavpur, Dhakuria and Survey Park snatchings and similar crimes in Baruipur and Sonarpur. The South 24-Parganas police was alerted.Meanwhile, informers tipped off detectives that Saifuddin Laskar, a history sheeter fitting a suspect's description, had cut his long hair soon after the police sketches started doing the rounds. \"It could be a coincidence but we found some clues,\" said an officer.Laskar was picked up and it turned out that he was involved in many snatchings and robberies. Police seized three single-shooters from him. On Thursday, DGP Naparajit Mukherjee said that Laskar was the prime accused in the serial shoot-and-snatch incidents. Kolkata Police are not willing to commit themselves until they get the guns and the chains.Laskar has told police that there are three more men in his gang, say sources.An officer said that a black-coloured bike has been seized from Laskar. A black bike had been used in all three shootings in south Kolkata. Though there are many similarities in the two gangs, there are some contradictions as well, said the officer.\"We need to verify the evidence,\" said an investigator. Though police are not yet sure about Laskar's role in the shootings, he has provided key clues that will help identify the gang, say police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16596171", "title": "Headless Lucknow Municipal Corporation puts off session", "text": "LUCKNOW: In the first sign of growing uncertainty due to the absence of a municipal commissioner, the Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) has cancelled its house session which was due to be convened on Saturday.The decision is set to push the municipal agency into a deeper crisis as the existing dispensation is unable to take crucial policy decisions related to funds allocation and approval of civic projects which are essential for smooth functioning of day-to-day the civic infrastructure.Well-placed municipal sources told TOI that the session has been extended indefinitely. City mayor Dinesh Sharma though refused to comment on the reason for the cancellation of the house session, sources said that it was because of the absence of a full-time civic chief that no policy decisions taken by the house will get implemented.\"Existing officials do not have authority to take crucial decisions. And we are the only municipal corporation in the state to be in such a situation,'' Sharma said.Former municipal commissioner Nagendra Prasad Singh was shunted out by the state government on September 3. A few days before this, urban development minister Azam Khan had recommended his suspension for 'poor civic conditions in the state capital'. Ever since LMC is being managed, in what many say, through a remote control.\"Several important policy decisions were to be taken in this session and much needed projects catering to basic necessities of the people will now have to wait,\" said a senior official and added, \"Many localities have to get basic facilities such as streetlights, water connections and tar roads and civic coffers remain almost empty.\" Priority projects, slated to be taken up in this session, will now remain grounded.\"The civic body desperately needs fund to function. I have appealed to the state government to allocate funds due to LMC under the 13th Financial Commission and Samagra Vikas Yojana,'' Sharma said.Another task at hand is to tackle garbage menace across the city. While the erstwhile commissioner was following up closely on the matter of appointment of contract workers for garbage collection, the matter had been lying on the backburner since his transfer. In fact, the municipal solid waste project too has been dragging its feet.\"People have been piling up garbage heap towards our access road for past several weeks. Earlier we used to get collection van but we have not seen it around for past few days,\" told Pallavi Todaria, a resident of B-Block, Indirangar.According to municipal officials, 500 workers are needed on an urgent basis to keep up with the growing waste disposal needs of the city.Among other important issues, the LMC is also waiting for development grant of Rs 10 lakh for each of the elected 110 corporators. The fund will be utilized for maintaining and improving infrastructure of wards. The civic body stares at a deficit of Rs 200 crore and is looking up to state government for assistance and release of funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon/chandigarh", "code": "16594848", "title": "Toll is back on Gurgaon e-way, so is mega jam", "text": "GURGAON/CHANDIGARH: The toll operation was back on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway on Friday, and so was the usual traffic chaos. A 2-km-long jam built up within half an hour of the resumption of tolling, on a day when the Punjab and Haryana high court ordered that there would be no toll on private vehicles during peak hours till October 3.The HC said commuters would have to pay toll during normal hours, starting from 7pm on Friday. However, the division bench consisting of Justices S K Mittal and Inderjit Singh also ordered that toll would not be collected from private vehicles on the expressway from 8.30am to 10am and again from 5.30pm to 7pm. This will apply till October 3 when the HC will again examine the matter.Toll collection for private vehicles at the 32-lane plaza resumed after 23 days of a free ride with Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd setting up 15 temporary toll lanes on the Gurgaon side and six on the Delhi side.Mobile ticketing staff at plaza not properly trainedOf the 15 lanes, seven were put up in toll configuration after two toll lanes were made free on the left side of the toll plaza. The remaining eight lanes were put up after opening the Udyog Vihar link road to the e-way. Similarly, a six-lane split toll configuration was set up on the Delhi side.However, the concessionaire seemed inadequately prepared. Some men with mobile ticketing machines were supposed to issue receipts to commuters in temporary lanes, but they seemed to be untrained and got stuck. Supervisors were seen running from one lane to another.There was a long line of vehicles on both sides, particularly in the split lanes, as there was no lane management system in place. In the absence of lane separators, vehicles were standing haphazardly, with a majority of them hopping from one lane to the other.A two-kilometre-long jam was witnessed within half an hour of the start of the toll operation. The line of vehicles started just ahead of the IFFCO Chowk flyover and extended to the toll plaza on Gurgaon to Delhi side.The HC on September 4 had restrained from collecting toll from vehicles plying on the expressway.When the matter came up for hearing before the bench on Friday, the bench was apparently not satisfied with the assurances of the concessionaire for bringing relief to the commuters.The high court allowed toll collection from private vehicles with a rider that the DGSCL will not charge any toll taxes during peak hours, 8.30am to 10am and 5.30pm to 7pm, till such time that the concessionaire permanently integrates the split toll configuration with the main system.There was hardly any traffic on the newly opened Udyog Vihar link road as many people were not aware of it. To provide enough space for toll collection on this stretch, the DGSCL had further narrowed down the bikers' lanes which were adding to the traffic chaos.Amidst this, traffic policemen were conspicuous by their absence. One PCR van was seen standing on each side of the road. However, no traffic constables were seen at the spot. When informed, ACP (traffic) Ravinder Tomar said he would look into the matter.A DGSCL spokesperson said, \"As commuters were not aware of the new development, many of them were stopping to seek information from toll collectors, which delayed the operation.Things will hopefully improve from Saturday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16597552", "title": "World War II veteran dies in Rajpipla", "text": "VADODARA: World War II veteran Lieutenant Colonel (retd.) Duleepsinh, whose family's four generations have served in the Indian Army, passed away on Thursday in Rajpipla. He was cremated on Friday in Rajpipla. Several members of the erstwhile royal families and residents of Rajpipla attended the funeral.Duleepsinh, 91, was suffering from age-related ailments. He led a distinguished career, starting from WW-II with special observer corps in then Burma for which he received a gallantry award.He also served as military attache in Australia and as military secretary to then army chief General K M Cariappa. The officer, who hailed from the royal family of Rajpipla, also raised the 3rd Gurkha Battalion. Six family members, including Duleepsinh's sons, Major General Randhirsinh and Captain Bharatsinh, besides Randhirsinh's son Captain Abhaysinh have served in the same unit, which is a rare distinction.Duleepsinh's father Prithvirajsinh was the commander-in-chief of Rajpipla state forces, whose next three generations went on to serve in the army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16596886", "title": "Flat owners in a quandary", "text": "BANGALORE: Apartment residents are baffled at the manner in which BBMP is going ahead with its new garbage management plan, without bothering to clarify any points or guide them.\"Most apartments in Koramangala do not have the space to put up a composting or biofuel unit. In fact, a subgroup from our association is working on it. But the onus is on the BBMP to reach out to the public. Corporators should conduct at least 50 workshops in every ward across the city. Why should an RWA do that? It should be a BBMP initiative. Corporators who go door-to-door campaigning for votes must reach out to the public now,\" said Vijayan Menon, who represents the Koramangala Initiative.\"When BBMP approves of a building plan, it should point out the lack of a biofuel plant proposal on the apartment premises,\" said Menon.While his association is all for segregation at source, asking apartment dwellers to manage their waste does not sound practical, he added.Raja Nambiar, president, Diamond District Apartment Owners' Association, said: \"The 917 units at Diamond District produce about 50 tonnes of waste every month. With the help of Rotary Club , we were successfully segregating waste till last year. The segregated wet and dry waste would go to private contractors for further recycling. But the contractors started delaying collection of waste and the garbage would get piled up in our apartments. This discouraged the residents and they lost interest in segregation. Now, just 15 tonnes of wet waste is being segregated and given for recycling every month.\"Diamond District residents have now evinced interest in setting up a recycling unit with technical assistance from Amma's Green Project, a recycling initiative at Amruthapuri, Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16597781", "title": "Journalism students vie for honours at Conflux", "text": "MYSORE: Journalism took centrestage at SBRR Mahajana First Grade College here on Friday.To expose its students to the world of journalism, the college organized two-day state-level media fest Conflux. Head of communication and journalism department head Niveditha V C said such events provide a platform for journalism students to know the ground realities of the profession.\"Journalism gives enormous opportunity for students to become a reporter, copy editor, anchor, photographer or a radio jockey (RJ). Their talent show helps them get noticed,\" she said, adding that one of their girl students was hired as an RJ after being noticed in the fest held last year.When asked about the advantages of the fest, she said: \"They come to know each other better and about new trends in the media, new ways of presenting things and the like. Journalism students from different colleges share their ideas here.\"An interactive programme between students and a media expert on 'Constructive role of media in society' was also held.Over 20 colleges participated in Conflux, which had theme-based events like mad ads, cartooning, news reading, photography, best RJ, reporting, documentary and collage-making.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16597365", "title": "Bus mows down schoolgirl", "text": "KOLKATA: A 10-year-old schoolgirl was crushed by a Route 39 bus when the driver was parking the vehicle on Thursday night. Anusha Singh, the victim, succumbed to her injuries at a hospital early on Friday.Anusha Singh, a class IV student and a resident of Picnic Garden Road, went to a shop just 300 metre away from her house around 9.30pm. On her way back, she was walking along the side of a large wall adjacent to the road. Suddenly, the rear of the bus crushed her to the wall. The driver was trying to park the bus in reverse gear. The driver could not gauge the distance between the vehicle and the wall of the terminus. He, thus, ended up hitting the wall.The girl, who was walking along the wall, was trapped between the bus and the wall and crushed.Locals spotted the girl and managed to rescue her. Sensing trouble, the bus driver and the cleaner fled the spot. She was initially taken to a local nursing home and then shifted to Calcutta National Medical College and Hospital. When her condition started deteriorating, she was again shifted to a private hospital off EM Bypass. In the wee hours of Friday, she succumbed to her injuries at that hospital.As the news spread, locals started agitating at the spot. \"For long, we have been demanding that the bus terminus be shifted from this residential area. Buses often cause accidents here,\" said a local resident.A huge force was rushed to the spot to pacify the agitating residents. \"Police have seized the vehicle,\" said Jawed Shamim, joint CP (HQ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16594902", "title": "Andhra offers special packages to woo northeast tourists", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Andhra Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (APTDC) is offering special tour packages for people of the northeast ahead of Durga Puja to allay all fears from their minds about visiting the southern state following the recent exodus.Buoyed by the flow of tourists from Kolkata, the APTDC is now wooing people from NE at the 12th Tourism Fair at Maniram Dewan Trade Centre here in the city. The three-day event kicked off on Friday.\"We are optimistic. There is absolutely no fear psychosis in the minds of people from the northeastern region about touring Andhra Pradesh. In fact, we are getting lots of telephone calls from the people of Guwahati and other parts of the northeast who are passionate to travel to Andhra Pradesh this Durga Puja,\" said Sougata Saha, the public relations officer of the department of tourism, Andhra Pradesh.He said Andhra Pradesh tourism's new packages will take tourists from the eastern India through enchanting and sublime spots of natural beauty on land, river and sea over a span of 10 days. Saha added that APTDC will take tourists to the coastal city of Vizag, will give trekking experience to them at Anantagiri besides an opportunity to laze around in the natural glory of Rajahmundry, Dindi and Papikondalu.\"Our corporation will take the visitors to Kanaka Durga Temple and Amaravati. Kuchipudi and Kalamkari are other prime locations, to which visitors will be able to travel,\" he said.The APTDC has planned to promote tourism by giving an opportunity to tourists to relax at Suryalanka beach that attracts a large number of people on weekends and holidays. \"Touring Andhra Pradesh is quite affordable today. APTDC will arrange tour for a family of two adults and one child within Rs 20,000,\" Saha said. Moreover, 15 private tour-operators of Assam and from outside the region are also participating in the expo to attract people of the region with tour packages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16597406", "title": "Sexually-harassed girl complains; culprit held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Drawing courage from girls coming out and lodging complaints against perpetrators of sexual harassment, a volunteer of an NGO on Friday, filed a complaint against a man who made offensive gestures at her and mouthed obscenities when she went to a Sector-7 shop on Thursday. The accused, Jasbir Singh, a car dealer from Sector 7, was arrested.According to the NGO head, the victim, a Panjab University student residing in Sector 34, decided to approach the police after reading about the increasing incidence of sexual harassment cases in the city and an appeal by Chandigarh Police, urging girls to come out against the menace. In her complaint, the PU student alleged that when she went to collect a donation cheque of Rs 3,000 from a Sector 7 shop, Jasbir, made her the butt of obscene comments and objectionable gestures. Victim said, \"Initially I had decided not to go to police, but media reports highlighting such cases spurred me to approach my team head and file a complaint.\"A woman inspector at Sector-26 police station, Harjeet Kaur, heard the victim and the accused was arrested within two hours. DSP (East) Vijay Kumar said the victim had also identified the accused and a chargesheet would shortly be filed against him in the district courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16597120", "title": "Businessmen hail single-window system", "text": "BOKARO: The state government is doing everything possible to reach out to the entrepreneurs in the city. Before launching the much awaited single-window system policy to facilitate process of approval for industrial projects, it is taking feedback of the industrialists and entrepreneurs across the state.sOn Friday, a two-member team comprising general manager, Jharkhand Infrastructure Development Corporation, K N Jha and under secretary of state industry department Abhishek Srivastava held a meeting with more than 50 entrepreneurs of Bokaro and Dhanbad and apprised them of the draft proposal related to single-window system and took their suggestions.The officials said that it is an industry-friendly policy and Jharkhand is soon going to launch it in line with Orissa, Karnataka and Gujarat to boost industrialization here. The policy will benefit all industries, irrespective of whether it is small or big. \"Single-window clearance system will provide speed, transparency and simplify the process of setting up industries here,\" said Srivastava.After implementation of the policy, the industrialists will not have to face hurdles in getting approval for setting up project. The industry department will take their proposal seriously and forward it to the concerned department for its clearance.Under the system, the investors would have to fill the form at one place for the clearance of all the concerned departments, this would save their time.The entrepreneurs present in the meeting welcomed the policy and gave satisfactory response. They also provided their valuable suggestions to the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16597791", "title": "Accidents a part of life in Sivakasi", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: The police and revenue officials are clueless on how Chellapandian managed to get chemicals to manufacture crackers behind his house at Vijayakarisalkulam in Sivakasi taluk where the explosion occurred on Friday morning.But it is not an isolated case of crackers being churned out in the backyards of houses in villages. The cracker industry in Sivakasi has long ceased to be an activity confined to the four walls of manufacturing units. Parallel to the big players in the cracker industry who strive to ensure safety, there are a number of units that give chemicals to labourers who work out of their houses in several villages, making it a thriving cottage industry. Apparently, after the crackdown on cracker units, more owners have moved production to villages where houses of workers act as illegal manufacturing units. \"It is a difficult task to check each and every household in rural areas for illegal cracker manufacture. But we have decided to keep a tab on supply, movement and stocking of chemicals to prevent them being ferried to villages from cracker units,'' said a senior revenue official.About 10 to 15 villages, including Thayilpatti, Meenakshipuram and Vettilaioorani in Vembakottai block, each having about 200 houses, are actively into the manufacture of fireworks at home. Wicks, cases, paper, gum and even explosive materials can be seen in each of these households. Aruppukottai is another place where fireworks as a cottage industry have replaced weaving. Rasusundaram, a weaver in Aruppukottai, says it brings good money towards the festive season.There are local agents who are ready to buy produce from the cottages on a daily basis. These agents brand these fireworks with some name or the other and they are transported to the northern states and sold off for rates which are equal to those sold by factories. So, these agents make as much money as the factories, with no overheads, but just risking the lives of the manufacturing villagers.J Tamil Selvan, president of the Indian Fireworks Association, says they accept the fact that accidents are a part of this industry, but the government continues to ignore it though it is a 70-year-old economically viable industry. \"The people of this region do not know any other skill, so it is up to the government to train them. Now, 50 units have been closed without proper explanation and 10,000 workers have lost their jobs. What will they do for a living,\" he said.\"This is a Rs 15,000-crore industry, which is just making Rs 1,200 crore now. It has suffered serious setbacks over the years due to lack of government support and what is now being produced is just 20% of what was produced in 2000,\" he said. The rates are higher only due to inflation but production has been hit, he added.Ten years ago, fireworks to be transported to northern states, had to be sent about two months in advance due to bad roads. But now, with the laying of four-lane roads, they can transport goods much faster. Also, officials who inspect factories, do not intensify their operations in villages and police who have to keep a check, do not come into the interior regions, according to these villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16597485", "title": "Bringing a smile on many faces", "text": "LUDHIANA: Inspired by the adage \"happiness benefits the giver as well as the recipient\", were the students and staff of Tiny Tots School at Dugri, who on Friday celebrated \"Joy of Giving\" on the campus.\"Joy of Giving\" is a \"festival of giving\" that aims to bring smiles and happiness in the life of underprivileged through different acts of giving. And in order to celebrate this special day, the school invited 10 underprivileged families and provided them with basic provisions, clothes, stationery and toys.Carrying the passion to bring smiles on the faces of the less fortunate, around 50 toddlers prepared 25 packets for their underprivileged friends from their home and distributed it among the families, who came from slums near Dugri.\"This day was a perfect chance for my 3-year-old son Gurnoor to reach out to less fortunate people and be a part of giving. Such days should be regularly celebrated as it helps teach them important lessons of sharing and spreading love,\" said Dr Kuldeep Kaler of Phase II in Dugri.It was an exciting day as apart from giving and sharing, the toddlers had a great time playing and dancing along with their new friends. While some showed little ones to play with toys, others enjoyed scrumptious snacks with them.\"Joy of giving is not about charity - it's about sharing your resources with the underprivileged. We have been packing various necessary provisions and clothes that may help bring a smile on a few faces,\" said Keerti Thaman, mother of Abhimanyu and resident of Dugri.\"The joy of giving is a good concept. If each one of us realize our responsibility and share our resources, there would be no slums left in the city. I feel such activities should be organized more frequently,\" said Paramjit Jally, mother of Abhijot and resident of Dugri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16595640", "title": "FIR lodged against BSP MP in Kheri", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party Member of Parliament from Lakhimpur Kheri Jugal Kishore and panchayat member Sumitra Misra have been accused of kidnapping of a minor in an FIR lodged with the Pasgawan police station in Lakhimpur late evening on Friday.The FIR has been registered on the complaint of Anand Misra. In his complaint, Misra has accused his wife Sumitra Misra and the MP along with their aide of kidnapping his 7-year-old daughter. He alleged that the trio came to his house in Pasgawan and forcibly took away his daughter despite her refusal to accompany them and his own resistance to the act. Police said Anand Misra was involved in a marital discord with his wife, but the two have not legally separated till date. Allegations are that his panchayat member wife Sumitra was not staying with her husband for quite sometime now and used to visit their 7-year-old daughter who was staying with Anand.Police said though a case has been lodged in connection with the complaint submitted by Anand Misra, efforts were on to trace the minor girl. Police said once the girl and the accused are traced and their statements recorded, the picture will get clearer and action initiated against the accused accordingly if required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595745", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation clears capital-based property tax proposal", "text": "NAGPUR: After keeping it pending for 17 long months, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) general body on Friday passed the proposal to implement the new property tax system based on capital value of the properties. The assessment value has been fixed at 0.1% of the capital value.The NMC will form an all party committee and invite suggestions and objections on the new tax system and submit the final report to the general body. Once the resolution is passed by the general body, the proposal will be sent to the state government for implementation.During discussion on the proposal, mayor Anil Sole informed the house that a committee headed by him conducted meetings and asked deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav to submit a pro forma. \"This pro forma will be available for citizens, corporators and all to view and submit suggestions and objections.\"Objecting to this proposal, senior corporator Praful Gudadhe said the decision may not be taken without submission of the committee's report. \"Corporators need to understand the new property tax system. The mayor should give them some time to study it before arriving at any conclusion,\" he said.Sole said that the decision need to be taken immediately to avoid steep hike in property tax as the ready reckoner will be revised in January. Following this, the general body cleared the proposal.Once the government gives its consent, revaluation of the properties will be conducted. The capital value of the properties will be calculated based on ready reckoner price and five factors, including nature and type of building, age of building, floor, category and built up area. The property tax will be 0.1% of the capital value.In hindsight, by clearing this proposal the general body has avoided steep hike in property tax by fixing the assessment value at 0.1% as against the administration's proposal of 0.2%. But the NMC will not benefit with this assessment. So, the administration might suggest 0.2% when the proposal is forwarded to the government. Additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare has worked on the new property tax system and guided the office bearers and committee members about the benefits of capital value property tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16597071", "title": "Voting for Allahabad University student council polls today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The student council elections of the Allahabad University will be held on Saturday. About 130 teachers and staff have been deputed for the elections. The voting will beheld from 8am to 4pm. Only bonafide AU students with identity cards will be allowed to vote.Election officer Prof BN Singh said 101 candidates, including seven girls, are in the fray for five executive posts of president, vice-president, general secretary, joint secretary and cultural secretary. Besides, four posts each of representatives in undergraduate and postgraduate level would also be decided in the election.The student council of Allahabad University has always played a key role in providing a platform to students for airing their views and grievances. The only difference is the nature and composition from time to time in the backdrop of changes adopted by the university over last six decades.Post independence, AU student council was a forum comprising equal representatives of teachers and students with Constitutional expert like Subhash Kashyap occupying the chair of president. During this period it was perhaps for the first and the last time that the then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru addressed the students at union hall premises, recall old timers.However, later the student council evolved into different format with the motivation being the people's movement of those times in the form of Hindi movement, anti-Emergency stir of socialist leader Jai Prakash Narayan and Mandal movement. It was the time when leaders who donned the attire of President at Allahabad University students council were tipped as future leaders. Leaders like Hemvati Nandan Bahuguna, ND Tiwari, Madan Lal Khurana , Chandrashekhar, Janeshwar Mishra were the products of this nursery, recalls former Allahabad University student union president and Congress leader Shyam Krishna Pandey.Pandey said socialist ideology made deep impact on the minds of student leaders who drew inspiration from the thoughts and views of leaders like Ram Manohar Lohia and JP Narayan.\"Barring a brief period, student council elections have been an annual affair at Allahabad University until 2005 when an unsavoury incident brought curtains down on the structure and edifice of student council,\" said AU teacher Prof Deepa Punetha.The National Students Union of India (NSUI), students wing of Congress, is leaving no stone unturned to woo the voters. Stating that focus is to drive the message home among students that only NSUI candidates would be able to take up the issues related to students with the UPA government, NSUI national president Rohit Chaudhary told TOI that students are fed up with unemployment allowance fiasco of SP government in the state because they feel granting unemployment allowance after 35 years of age is nothing short of pension rather than allowance. Moreover, the SP has also backtracked on its promise of 18 percent quota for students from minority community which is leading to great discontent, he added.All NSUI winning candidates at DUSU elections including the president, vice president and general secretary are camping in the city since the last one week which is reflective of the seriousness with which the party is treating AU student union polls.From NSUI Abhyudaya Tripathi, Prabhat Kumar Singh, Vikas Tiwari, Mohd Ghaus Idrisi and Govind Sonkar are contesting elections for the post of president, vice president, general secretary, joint secretary and Cultural secretary.The Samajwadi Chatra Sabha (SCS) state president Sunil Yadav along with other party leaders also campaigned actively on the campus, said SCS leader Abhishek Yadav. SCS candidates include Dinesh Yadav, Alok Kumar Singh, Raghvendra Yadav, Ankita Rani Jaiswal and Aftab Alam for the post of president, vice president, general secretary, joint secretary and cultural secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16599572", "title": "This lunch sure means business", "text": "What's a festive season without pet puja? It's time for some Epicurean indulgence, thanks to Veda's sumptuous Business Lunch platter with a spread of exotic North West Frontier and Mughlai delicacies.The uber chic restaurant from Rohit Bal's creative space brings the delectable buffet delight in its delicious and healthy combination of pan-Indian delicacies, assorted breads, kebabs, chaats, exotic mocktails and desserts. The menu is tempting to say the least making it a boon to the connoisseur's taste buds.A value meal comprising an assortment of mouth-watering delicacies, in portions that you can handle during your lunch break from Monday to Friday, is priced at 599 (with mocktails), plus taxes. The eatery serves its best from 12:30 pm to 3:30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596592", "title": "8 injured as goods auto rams MTC bus", "text": "CHENNAI: Eight people, including five passengers of an MTC bus, sustained injuries when a goods autorickshaw collided with a stationary bus near Marina on Friday morning.Police said the driver of the auto, bound for Anna Square from Thiruvanmiyur, dozed off and his vehicle hit MTC bus 27 B (MMDA to Arumbakkam) when it halted at a bus stop near Ezhilagam.Police said three men, Mahesh, 32, Ravi Kumar, 32, and Kumar, 36, had delivered a generator they had repaired to a house in Thiruvanmiyur and were returning to their shop in Anna Square in the goods auto when the accident took place. The men, all residents of Madhavaram, worked for a generator mobile service centre.\"Mahesh, who was driving the vehicle, did not sleep the previous night and may have dozed off when they were crossing Kamarajar Salai,\" said Anna Square traffic investigation inspector G Ravichandran.When they reached Ezhilagam Complex, the auto rear-ended the bus and then hit passengers Loganathan, 51, an IT company employee, Vijaya, 45, of Panruti and Manorama, 40, of Flower Bazaar, when they alighted from the bus. The auto came to a halt after hitting two more people waiting at the bus stop, Lakshmi, 37, of Panruti, and Trichand Prasad, 22, from Bihar.The accident left three men in the auto and five others with minor injuries. People waiting at the bus stop came to their aid and took them to Government General Hospital where they are receiving treatment.Anna Square traffic investigation police arrested Mahesh. A case has been registered under IPC sections 279 (rash driving), 337 (endangering life or personal safety) and 338 (causing grievous hurt by endangering life or personal safety of others).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16595354", "title": "HC tightens anti-pollution noose on govt hospitals", "text": "CUTTACK: The Orissa high court on Friday directed the State Pollution Control Board to initiate criminal proceedings against seven district headquarter hospitals for continuous violation of Biomedical Waste (Management and Handling) Rules. \"The division bench of Justice L Mohapatra and Justice I Mohanty has directed the board to file criminal cases against the in-charges of bio-medical waste management at the district hospitals of Angul, Dhenkanal, Bhadrak, Balasore, Boudh, Deogarh and Sambalpur under the Environment Protection Act, 1988,\" said amicus curie P R Das.The directive came in the wake of a petition filed by a social organization, Maitree Sansad. It has alleged that these hospitals have been long flouting biomedical waste handling rules. Even the high court-appointed advocate's committee had visited these hospitals and found deficiencies in the biomedical waste disposal system. Warnings were also issued to these hospitals but nothing was done by them to improve the situation, stated the amicus curie.He further said the hospitals dumped the biomedical waste in a haphazard and improper manner, which is extremely dangerous from health point of view. \"We had submitted our report before the high court and taken strong note of the report that the court has directed the SPCB to file criminal cases against these hospitals,\" added Das.The board had filed criminal cases against the superintendents of three government medical colleges in 2010 for violating the biomedical waste management rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "16597421", "title": "Another gang rape in Haryana", "text": "SONIPAT: In yet another blot on Haryana's image, a class XI student was gangraped by four youths in a busy market area at Gohana in Sonipat district on Thursday. Two of them \u2014 Kali and Harish \u2014 have been arrested.According to police, the girl, a student of a private school, was raped in the godown of a shop on Thursday afternoon but her uncle filed the complaint only on Friday.According to the complaint, the girl had gone to the shop, just 100 metres away from her house, to buy grocery when the shop owner Kali told her to go to the nearby godown to pick up certain items.Three youths were waiting in the godown while Kali followed her there. Once she entered the godown, the four youths closed the door from inside and took turns to rape her. The youths also threatened her of dire consequences if she revealed the trauma she had undergone to anybody.When the girl, who lost her father a few years ago, returned home, her mother, who is a housewife, asked her why she was so late. She started weeping and revealed the incident. The family did not report the matter to the police on Thursday. The next day, they decided to approach the cops and named Kali, Harish, Santy and Deepak in the complaint.DSP Gohana Yashpal Singh confirmed the incident. SHO Rajiv Singh said the police have registered a case and started investigations. He said all the four accused are residents of the market area.\"The accused are in their early 20s and have been working at the grocery shop. They are all local residents and seem to be known to the victim,\" he said, adding that the police have launched a manhunt.SSP Sonipat Arun Singh did not respond to calls. This is the third gang rape in Haryana in 20 days, triggering a wave of protests in the state demanding action against the culprits.On September 9, a dalit girl was gang-raped by eight youths near Dabra village in Hisar district and four others had filmed the act. Three accused in the case are still at large.In Jind district, a 30-year-old woman was gang-raped by three youths at her house at Pillu Khera on September 21. The main accused in the case is still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595583", "title": "Firm failed to learn from previous robberies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Narrowing down suspects in Friday's robbery will be difficult because of the unfamiliar pattern of attack and the fact that several robbers involved in old cases have never been caught. Police are trying to find answers by comparing the heist with similar strikes in UP and Haryana.Friday's robbery is unique in that the robbers intercepted a cash van on a busy city road. Police say negligence of the private agency transferring the cash is as much to blame in the case as the audacity of the robbers. Officers say the agency failed to learn from the previous cash van robberies at Satya Niketan and Alaknanda. For one, its agents followed a predictable routine, taking the same routes day after day. Secondly, the car did not have a GPS system to enable tracking, in violation of written orders. However, its guards had clean credentials, police said.In the Alaknanda incident last year, the cash van driver drove off with Rs 66 lakh. In the unsolved Sangam Vihar (2006) and Masjid Moth (2008) robberies, cars were used as getaway vehicles. In this year's other big heist, more than Rs 1 crore was robbed from the Rohini office of a finance firm.Police said the radio taxi being used as a cash van was hired from a travel agency in Faridabad and did not have a GPS unit attached. A functionary of Premier Shield, the agency involved, said the staff followed the same route every day from the ICICI Bank branch at Hauz Khas, as it was the shortest route.The case has also raised questions about Delhi Police's anti-robbery measures. Earlier, the practice of visiting banks daily had checked crime. Beat policemen used to visit banks and check their records twice. However, 2008 onwards, the drill was slackened. Former commissioner YS Dadwal again institutionalized the checks but they have been forgotten again lately. Delhi Police deny this, though: \"Our beat staff visit banks in their respective areas regularly and provide them with security advisories,\" said a senior officer.\"We cover most of the banks and financial institutions in our area but many agencies carry out large cash transactions without informing us. There is little that we can do to protect them,\" said an officer from south district.Police are now looking at case files right from the 1980s. For instance, Ravinder Kumar, a 50-year-old gangster arrested in October 2008 along with his cronies, had been involved in several robberies. The gang was also accused of killing a sub-inspector in Karol Bagh during a heist. Officers say many of these gangsters are now out on bail. \"It was the first gang to use a four-wheeler (a Fiat car) in such crimes. The entire city had to be picketed to nab them,\" said an officer.The October 2006 robbery at UCO Bank in Sangam Vihar may also provide leads. Four armed men had looted Rs 29.5 lakh after shooting a bank employee in the abdomen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595575", "title": "State to start campaign to boost tourism: Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation chief", "text": "NAGPUR: When it comes to promoting tourism, Maharashtra seems to be doing precious little as compared to neighbouring Madhya Pradesh or Kerala down south. Not just a visible campaign but also in terms of infrastructure and development of various spots that can draw tourists. However, the situation may take turn for good soon, indicated MTDC chairman Jagdish Patil.The MTDC chief who began his tour of Vidarbha on Friday sought to differ on the perception that not much was being done to promote tourism in the state. Speaking to TOI, he said that MTDC was planning a media campaign through TV channels like the other states. \"We are doing our bit. It is unfair to blame MTDC on this count. MTDC has always made it a point to make its presence at tourist places much before even the private players found it feasible to reach there,\" said Patil. But he admitted that several \"agencies which are supposed to implement tourism promotion plans in the state have failed\".\"We have 75 properties in the state. Be it beaches, forts or forests we try to make such destinations attractive for tourists,\" said Patil. He admitted that there were several hurdles in the way. \"Be it forest laws, wildlife Act or restrictions imposed by Archaeological Survey of India, norms and time taken for land acquisition; we have to contend with all these while developing places of tourist interest,\" said Patil.\"Recently chief minister Prithviraj Chavan along with tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal visited New Delhi to sort out pending issues with the department of culture,\" said Patil. The MTDC chief said a TV and media campaign would be launched soon to give fillip to tourism. On reaching here in the morning, he left for Gondia for an official meeting in which Chandrapur collector was also present. Later, he left for Sakoli where a new MTDC hotel/guesthouse is coming up to facilitate tourism in Navegaon-Nagzira wildlife sanctuaries at a cost of Rs 3.25 crore. On Saturday Patil will revive the ecotourism plans in talks with the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra officials in the city.Land has also been acquired for a facility to be developed at Bodhalkasa in Gondia district. At Tadoba a 30-room infrastructure with VIP rooms and dormitories is coming up. Work on a guesthouse has already been completed at Paoni while an 18-room guesthouse is being built in Chikhaldara, near Amravati with special arrangements for students, according to regional manager GB Kedar.MTDC plans* 30-room infrastructure at Tadoba. It will have VIP rooms and dormitories* Hotel at Sakoli to facilitate tourism in Navegaon-Nagzira wildlife sanctuaries* MTDC plans to open hotel at Bodhalkasa in Gondia district* At Paoni a guesthouse has already been completed* 18-room guesthouse is being built in Chikhaldara, near Amravati", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16597515", "title": "Implicating community vitiates atmosphere: Khap panchayat", "text": "ROHTAK: With the upper caste versus dalit issue gaining prominence in Haryana, especially in wake of the incidents of rape and atrocities, the sarv khap panchayat of Haryana has taken strong exception to generalization of issue against a specific community.Though they did not mention the caste, they hinted strongly at the Jat community, as several youth accused in Hisar gangrape case of a dalit girl, belong this particular community. The meeting of the core group of sarv khap panchayat held in Rohtak on Friday urged the national commission for scheduled castes that it should exercise restrain in blaming a specific community in such cases.\"Implicating community of the accused generalizes the whole issue, which could vitiate the social atmosphere, especially in rural areas. Ours has been an interdependent society in which all communities cooperate with each other. Various communities in villages live in peaceful co-existence,\" said Sube Singh Samain, spokesperson of the sarv khap panchayat.Samian said the panchayat seeks to send a message to the national commission for schedule castes to not to rake up the issue of caste of the accused in such cases without verifying the facts as it shows a specific community in poor light. The khap leader, however, did not mention particular case, while making these comments.The meeting also discussed the strategy to revive the Jat agitation from December 16 both against the state and the Centre government if their demand for inclusion of Jats in the other backward category (OBC) is not fulfilled. The panchayat leaders maintained that all Jat organizations which are pursuing the issue would abide by the decision of the khap panchayat.\"As we have decided in Danoda village recently, both state government as well as centre government should give quota benefit to Jats in the government jobs and the education institutes. We have been struggling for this for a long time and it's do or die situation for us now,\" the pradhan of panchayat Nafe Singh Nain stated while addressing the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16597951", "title": "In 10 years, women will control purse strings", "text": "LONDON: Women are increasingly controlling the finances in the majority of households where couples are under the age of 45, according to a new survey.Researchers in the three-country study found that in homes where women took control of money, nine out of ten had savings compared with 82% of families where men had greater responsibility.They predict that across all age groups, females will be making the most important long-term financial decisions, such as choosing a mortgage, within the next eight years, the Daily Mail reported.Among couples aged under 45, women are already behind more than half (52%) of long-term financial planning as well as 54% of bill payments. Researchers found among couples aged over 45, men still hold sway in financial matters, a position they expect to have shifted in the opposite direction in eight years' time.\"Younger women have taken a firm grip on the purse strings, moving from managing their day-to-day spending, to planning and selecting where money is kept,\" Greg Coughlan, of Lloyds TSB, said.\"This rise of a money matriarchy may have more positive impacts for the economy ,\" Coughlan said.Over nine in 10 (94%) UK households were found to have at least one member of the family taking control of the family's financial planning. The report also compared financial habits in the UK with those in Germany and China to see how families in the two similar economies differed from those in a rising power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16600252", "title": "India for stable and cooperative relationship with China: S M Krishna", "text": "NEW YORK: External affairs minister S M Krishna has said that India's a key foreign policy priority is to invest in building a stable and cooperative relationship with China which will be a source of stability and prosperity in the region.Krishna, who is here to participate in the UN General Assembly session, said a stable and secure Asia, Indian Ocean and the Pacific region is a key requirement of India's own security and prosperity in the 21st century.\"We will continue to invest in building a stable and cooperative relationship with China that is mutually beneficial, and also a source of regional stability and prosperity,\" he said in his lecture titled 'India's Foreign Policy Priorities for the 21st Century' at Rhode Island's prestigious Ivy league institution Brown University on Friday.He cautioned that Asia's extraordinary accomplishments in the last few decades could be reversed if \"great power rivalry, national chauvinism and arms race\" take hold of the region.\"India is determined to avoid such an outcome by contributing actively to the deeper economic integration of the region and construction of a stable and inclusive political and security order for Asia and the Pacific.\"On India's relations with the US, Krishna said as new Delhi looks at its foreign policy priorities in the decades ahead, it sees convergence of interests with the US as well as a strong partnership in achieving the shared goals.Terming US an \"important partner\" in India's development efforts, Krishna said the success of the bilateral partnership would not only contribute to the prosperity of the two nations, but would be a model of international partnership and a factor of global and regional peace, security and stability.\"For India, it will remain a relationship of great priority and importance in the 21st century,\" he said.Krishna noted that the India-US political dialogue is at an \"unprecedented level\" and the strategic consultations have expanded to cover every major region and challenge in the world. The strong strategic partnership between the two countries is also reflected in the intelligence and counter- terrorism cooperation.The engagement in higher education, science and research has been a strong bridge between India and the US, Krishna said, adding this has contributed in immeasurable terms to the close relationship that the two countries share today.He stressed that the ongoing India-US Higher Education Dialogue is bringing educational institutions, scholars and students into closer partnership.\"Our two governments place a strong emphasis in our relationship on the youth, which not only easily embraces the future, but will also have the responsibility in shaping it,\" he added.Krishna stressed that India would work to build a regional architecture that promotes cooperation and reinforces convergence, reduces the risks of confrontation and conflicts, and draws all countries of the region into a common framework of norms and principles of engagement.The country would also partner with others to foster an environment of shared acceptance of the principles of freedom of navigation, unimpeded lawful commerce, peaceful resolution of maritime disputes, and access to resources.\"Our engagement in the Asia Pacific region is characterised by strong bilateral ties extending from Myanmar to Australia; deepening linkages with regional organisations, especially ASEAN; a web of comprehensive economic partnership agreements and ambitious plans of connectivity,\" he said.Noting that India's Look East Policy began with a strong economic emphasis and content, Krishna said it has now expanded to encompass strategic and security engagement in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16597480", "title": "File status report on probe into sexual abuse of Apna Ghar inmates: High court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday asked the CBI to file a status report on the investigations carried by it into the alleged sexual abuse of inmates of Rohtak-based shelter home, Apna Ghar.A division bench headed by Justice Jasbir Singh also directed the Haryana government to file a status report before the court about the steps taken by it for the rehabilitation of victims in this case. The directions were made in the wake of an application filed by advocate Anil Malhotra, who was appointed court commissioner in this by the HC in June this year.In his application, Malhotra submitted that the timeline of two months set by the HC for completion of CBI probe has been expired but the agency is yet to charge sheet three of the 10 accused involved in the case and the probe is not yet over.\"Keeping in view the extreme sensitivity of the matter as also the gross abuse, torture and exploitation of 103 minor children/inmates at Apna Ghar, Rohtak, which was reported to this court in a report dated June 12, 2010 it would be in the interest of justice that may be pleased to revive the hearing of the afore mentioned writ petition to ascertain the current status and position of the matter since, the investigation has not been completed within the stipulated two months,\" the application pleaded.Now the case has been fixed for further hearing on October 19.On July 19, HC had set a deadline of two months for CBI to probe the case within a period of two months into the alleged sexual exploitation of shelter home inmates. On May 9, following a tip off by three girls who had escaped from Apna Ghar and reached Delhi, the NCPCR team had raided the Rohtak shelter home and found sexual exploitation of inmates by its caretaker Jaswanti and others, including cops from Haryana. The matter reached the HC through a PIL filed by child rights activist and local lawyer Utsav Singh Bains, after which the case was given to CBI for probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16596865", "title": "New shooting range damaged by rats", "text": "BANGALORE: The state-of-the art shooting range at the SAI South Centre, completed last June after several delays and spending crores of rupees, is now facing repair after rodents inflicted serious damage to the electrical wiring.The damage came to light after excessive heating of the panels was observed at the brand new range which is yet to host any national camp or competition. \"It seems to be the work of rats as the wiring at most of the ducts near the stations has been cut open. The damage is serious and the CPWD has been asked to work on it with the help of experts,\" sources told TOI.Once the damage to the power supply is rectified, the authorities will have to check whether any damage has been done to the data cables which are part of the electronic scoring system. \"It seems the data cables are not damaged but we can be sure only after tests are conducted,\" they said.Though the minor repair work is expected to take only 10 days, the entire job would be over in only another month as the CPWD is expected to start work in a week's time. \"The letter has already gone to them. They will start the work soon,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16594826", "title": "Op clean-up to begin soon after immersion", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) and the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) have made elaborate arrangements for Ganesh immersion, mainly for lifting garbage and removal of debris at various locations like Tank Bund and Necklace Road and other 22 immersion tanks in and around the city after the immersions are completed.While the GHMC has prepared an action plan for 142 procession routes of a length of 383 km for sanitation and lifting of garbage, the HMDA has decided to take care of Necklace Road and dredging the immersed idols material. As many as 50 cranes were at work at Tank Bund on Friday and nearly 5,000 idols are already immersed in the lake.Unlike every year, the HMDA started removal of debris (Ganesh idol) from the lake two days ago by pressing two dredge utility craft (DUC). Officials said 100 workers and 10 tippers were deployed exclusively for removal of immersed idols by dividing the entire area into four sectors and taking up work in three shifts. Each sector will be taken care of by one deputy executive engineer. The material of immersed idols in Hussainsagar is being taken away by the GHMC.\"Generally, removal of debris is taken up after immersion and it would take seven days. This time due to shortage of time, removal of idol debris has begun in advance as the immersion of Ganesh idols has already started. The debris removal will start from afternoon of September 2 and by October 2 night the entire lake will be cleared.\" HMDA metropolitan commissioner Neerabh Kumar Prasad told TOI.The GHMC will take up special sanitation drives on September 30 and October 1 apart from taking care of regular sanitation works on Ganesh immersion day i.e., on Saturday. Apart from the sanitation and removal of litter and garbage,The Assistant Medical Officers of Health (AMOH) have also been asked to take special measures to prevent spreading of diseases.GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu said for cleaning and lifting garbage on the procession routes, the corporation would deploy 2,200 workers, 300 sanitary filed assistants and 80 sanitary supervisors with 200 garbage lifting vehicles.For lifting of garbage, the corporation is deploying nine 25 ton tippers, 48 six ton tippers and two back-hoe loaders. The 25 ton tippers will be kept ready at Tank Bund transfer station to Jawaharnagar dump yard and also Afzalgunj to Jawaharnagar. Similarly small tippers will be deployed from Marriott Hotel to Musheerabad, Musheerabad to Narayanguda, Narayanguda to YMCA and YMCA to Liberty and four on Tank Bund. Some tippers will be kept ready at RP road, SD road, MG Road, Taranaka, Abids to Liberty, Liberty to Afzalgunj, Afzalgunj to MJ market, MJ market to Abids.The HMDA has roped in Non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs) volunteers to remove flowers and other materials at Tank Bund and Necklace Road apart from deploying 70 labours for two days on Necklace road.Inforgraph:The immersion of Ganesh idols mainly take place at various lakes like Kapra Chervu, Saroornagar tank, Rajanna Bowli, Miralam Tank and Palle Chervu, Erragunta, Durgam Chervu, Papireddy Chervu, Nalla Chervu, Gangaram Chervu, Hafeezpet Chervu, Patancheru, IDL Tank, Sunnam Chervu, Hasmpathpet Chervu, Pragatinagar Chervu, Suraram Chervu, Venellagadda Chervu, Chinnarayuni Chervu, Peddarayuni Chervu, Asman Tank and Safilguda Chervu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16597241", "title": "RTI lens on Sunderbans funds", "text": "KOLKATA: A Hyderabad-based RTI activist is miffed with the state forest department over the way it replied to her queries on usage of tiger protection funds in the Sunderbans.Accusing the concerned official of suppressing facts, Diya Banerjee, the activist, said her June 28 RTI application has also brought to fore how the department overlooked norms under the RTI Act while dealing with the case.Banerjee, through her application (number R9002-4) addressed to the public information officer at Aranya Bhavan, had sought to know the yearly budget and expenses of tiger protection camps with all vouchers from the Sunderbans Tiger Reserve (STR) for last five years.\"Based on information I gained about misappropriation of funds with regards to the protection camps, I had filed the RTI asking for account details on the usage of it. Though the officials gave some sketchy accounts of the financial performance, it didn't provide the vouchers stating that it has been sent to the accountant general, Bengal, for auditing,\" said Banerjee, adding that it's against the act which states that the information officer should send the application to the concerned public authority, in this case the accountant general, if it doesn't have the information.According to Banerjee, sub section 3 of section 6 (under chapter II) of the RTI Act, 2005, says: \"If the subject matter of the application is concerned with the functions of another public authority, the public authority, to which such application is made, should transfer the same or such part of it as may be appropriate to the other public authority and inform the applicant about the transfer.\"The act also says the transfer should be made as soon as practicable but in no case later than five days from the date of receipt of application.STR field director Subrat Mukherji, who had replied to the RTI on July 26 (a copy of which is with TOI, said he can't comment without checking the papers. Principal secretary, forest, Subesh Das, to whom Banerjee has written last week seeking detailed info on her queries, said: \"Since the accountant general falls under the purview of central government, the state can't forward him the RTI. The applicant is free to send the application to the accountant general.\"P K Sen, a member of the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) and the state wildlife advisory board, said he has received a copy of the application, which has been forwarded to the director of Project Tiger.\"As far as details on funds usage is concerned, the state should deal with it,\" said Sen, also a former director of Project Tiger.Another member of the state wildlife advisory board, Biswajit Roy Chowdhury, said the audit records against funds usage should be made public to ensure transparency.Banerjee had also sought details on number of tiger protection camps built in five years and maintenance of old camps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16599658", "title": "Altamas Kabir sworn in as Chief Justice of India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Justice Altamas Kabir was on Saturday sworn in as the 39th Chief Justice of India by President Pranab Mukherjee .He took over the post from Justice Sarosh Homi Kapadia, who served as the CJI for nearly two-and-a-half years.Justice Kabir, 64, took the oath in the name of God at a brief ceremony in the Ashoka Hall of the Rashtrapati Bhavan.Justice Kabir was appointed Supreme Court judge on September 9, 2005. He has delivered several landmark judgements, including on human rights and election laws. He will have a tenure of nine months till July 18, 2013.Besides Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Vice-President Hamid Ansari and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, several Union ministers were present at the ceremony.NDA working chairman L K Advani, leader of the opposition in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and RJD leader Lalu Prasad were also present at the swearing-in.Born on July 19, 1948 in Kolkata, Justice Kabir did his LLB and MA from University of Calcutta and was made a permanent judge of the Calcutta high court on August 6, 1990.He is part of the bench hearing the case of the two Italian Marines who allegedly shot dead two Kerala fishermen taking them as pirates.Justice Kabir headed a bench which recently decided the case of disqualification of MLAs by the speaker of the Karnataka legislative assembly. The bench quashed the speaker's order on disqualification of the MLAs who had defected from BJP.He also decided the important issue of whether an MP suspended from a political party can continue as MP.The bench headed by him held that even after being removed or suspended from a party, the person can continue as MP and participate in its proceedings and shall be entitled to vote.He is also dealing with the petition filed by Samajwadi Party (SP) supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav and his son Akhilesh Yadav seeking review of the judgement ordering a CBI probe into a case of disproportionate assets against them and members of their family. The verdict is reserved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16596222", "title": "'Ore verification, an eyewash'", "text": "PANAJI: Anti-mining activists on Friday said that the directorate of mines and geology \"has no business verifying the quantity of iron ore lying at jetties and in lease areas\", adding that the exercise is just an \"eyewash\" to fool the people of Goa.The mining department had received 91 applications from various mining companies for verification of ore lying in jetties and lease areas.It, accordingly, decided to inspect the ore, an operation that will completed by Monday. Social activist Ramesh Gauns said this \"eyewash\" is because chief minister Manohar Parrikar has failed to bail out the mining companies. \"Parrikar is doing a drama on this whole mining issue,\" he told TOI.\"The government allowed mining companies to pay challan and royalty on iron ore without verifying the data and now it wants to allow them to export without the verification,\" said Gawas. Claude Alvares, of Goa Foundation, said that the mines department had no business to carry out inspection of iron ore lying at jetties, since it is in the domain of the Indian bureau of mines ( IBM ), which has technical persons to measure the ore.\"Verification does not come in the framework of the state government,\" said Alvares. \"How can the government say that this ore is legal? Do they know whether or not it has come from illegal sources,\" he asked. \"There is hardly any staff in the mines department after the suspension of staff, and it is very difficult for the remaining staffers to know whether or not this ore is extracted from encroachments,\" he added.Mines department sources said that to find out the exact quantity of ore lying at jetties and lease areas, certain survey instruments are required, which are not provided to the teams.Speaking to TOI, assistant director of mines, Parag Nagarsekar, who is in-charge of verification of data, said that the teams have members from the directorate of settlement and land records and the ore is easily measurable.\"In case of huge quantities, the teams will approach the department for various survey instruments and based on these requirements, they will be provided with the instrument and be asked to measure it again,\" said Nagarsekar.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar, after meeting mining stakeholders on the ongoing controversy, had assured mining companies that they would be allowed to export iron ore lying at jetties in the state.Last week, the mining companies submitted to the government, details of quantity and grade of iron ore extracted and lying in mining lease areas and jetties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16599685", "title": "Titan's atmosphere changes with seasons similar to Earth", "text": "WASHINGTON: A researcher in France has analyzed data of Titan gathered over 30 years and has found that the changing seasons of the Saturn's moon affect it more than previously thought.Dr Athena Coustenis from the Paris-Meudon Observatory in France revealed that the atmosphere on Titan changes with its seasons similar to Earth.\"As with Earth, conditions on Titan change with its seasons. We can see differences in atmospheric temperatures, chemical composition and circulation patterns, especially at the poles. For example, hydrocarbon lakes form around the north polar region during winter due to colder temperatures and condensation,\" Coustenis explained.\"Also, a haze layer surrounding Titan at the northern pole is significantly reduced during the equinox because of the atmospheric circulation patterns. This is all very surprising because we didn't expect to find any such rapid changes, especially in the deeper layers of the atmosphere,\" she said.The main cause of these cycles is solar radiation. This is the dominant energy source for Titan's atmosphere, breaking up the nitrogen and methane present to create more complex molecules, such as ethane, and acting as the driving force for chemical changes.Titan is inclined at around 27 degrees, similar to the Earth, meaning that the cause of seasons-sunlight reaching different areas with varying intensity due to the tilt-is the same for both worlds.\"It's amazing to think that the Sun still dominates over other energy sources even as far out as Titan, over 1.5 billion kilometers from us,\" Coustenis said.To draw these conclusions data was analyzed from several different missions, including Voyager 1 (1980), the Infrared Space Observatory (1997), and Cassini (2004 onwards), complemented by ground-based observations. Each season on Titan spans around 7.5 years, while it takes 29.5 years for Saturn to orbit the Sun, so data has now been gathered for an entire Titan year, encapsulating all seasons.Explaining why it is important to investigate this distant moon Coustenis said: \"Titan is the best opportunity we have to study conditions very similar to our own planet in terms of climate, meteorology and astrobiology and at the same time a unique world on its own, a paradise for exploring new geological, atmospheric and internal processes.\"Coustenis presented these results at the European Planetary Science Congress in Madrid .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "16597310", "title": "Jhargram villager killed by 'Maoists'", "text": "JHARGRAM: A small-time farmer was allegedly killed by Maoists at Bandhgora village near Jhargram town on Friday morning. Posters in which the CPI Maoist claimed responsibility for the murder were found near the body.The victim was identified as Girish Sahis, 42. Girish's wife Deepali said that the victim had left home around 11.30pm on Thursday but did not return till morning. Villagers, however, claimed they heard a gun shot at 2am.The posters found near the body also threatened people against supporting the Trinamool Congress and blamed the victim for being a spy behind Kishanji's encounter death.Girish was an activist of CPM's youth wing and had later joined Peoples Committee against Police atrocities Deepali denied this.Trinamool Congress working president in West Midnapore, Nirmal Ghosh said, \"We suspect CPM killed him and used the name of Maoists.\"He claimed that Maoists are not present in the particular area.Jhargram SP Bharati Ghosh said, \"We are probing all the aspects.\"Sources however hinted that the murder could be Maoist handi work as for past few days a group red rebels have been roaming in the area. They held some meetings at different villages. And coincidentally, Sahis was killed hours after the arrest of Tufan Mahato, a suspected Maoist cadre.After remaining peaceful for long, practically since the state assembly election in 2011, once again a person apparently has been killed by the Maoists in Jhargram.On Friday morning, locals found the body of Girish Sahis, a 42 year old villager from Bandhgora near Jhargram town. Bullet went off through his mouth and pierced his back head.Some posters written in red ink was found near the body where CPI Maoist took the onus of the murder and threatened people for supporting Trinamool Congress. In another poster the rebel outfit blamed the victim as one of the spy behind the encounter death of Maoist leader Kishanji.Sahis's wife Deepali said that on Thursday night, around 11.30, Sahis left home for farm land to irrigate. But till morning he did not return. Villagers however heard a gun shot around 2 am. In the morning villagers discovered Sahis's body.Sahis, a small time farmer, was an activist of CPM's youth wing till 2008. Since the Lalgarh upsurge he quit DYF and joined Peoples Committee against Police atrocities. But later after change in guard in state politics, he shifted his royalty towards the ruling party.His wife however claimed that Sahis had no direct involvement in any political activities. Apart from farming he was an agent of a financial institute. Trinamool Congress working president in West Midnapore, Nirmal Ghosh however denied to accept that Maoists have killed the person. \" We suspect CPM behind the murder who have used Maoist name,\" said Ghosh. He claimed that Maoists are not present in the particular area.Jhargram SP Bharati Ghosh however could not confirm who are behind the murder. \" We are probing from all aspect,\" said Ghosh. Sources however hinted that the murder could be Maoist handi work as for past few days a group red rebels have been roaming in the area. They held some meetings at different villages. And coincidentally, Sahis was killed hours after the arrest of Tufan Mahato, a suspected Maoist cadre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16597508", "title": "Adieu to Ganpati on Visarjan", "text": "LUDHIANA: Tunes of \" Ganpati Bappa Morya, Agle Baras Tu Jaldi Aaa\" and \"Deva Shri Ganesh\" rang through the air as some mandals bid adieu to \"Bappa\" on Friday. Several other societies are making last minute preparations for the farewell ceremony.More than 100 idols, in varied sizes, mounted on tractors, lorries and bullock carts were ritualistically taken out in a procession to complete the \" Visarjan\" ceremony on the banks of Satluj and Doraha.Prior to the ceremony, kilos of modaks were offered to the lord while thousands devotees visited pandals for prayers and to catch a final glimpse of Lord Ganesha. Families that had welcomed \"Bappa\" to their homes are busy preparing for the ceremony. While some would join processions by the mandals, other would visit banks of Satluj with their families and friends.Resident of Sarabha Nagar Kuljot Gill, 45, said: \"The festival has improved in its approach towards the Punjabi community in the past decade.\" \"Lord Ganesha visits our home as a guest, and we all want him to come back as early as possible,\" said Ritu Batish, a teacher who lives at BRS Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16596649", "title": "Need to win hearts in Naxalite areas: CRPF chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chhattisgarh has remained the biggest challenge for paramilitary forces as an entire generation in the troubled areas of the state has grown up looking at Maoists as the state. Two days before he retires, Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) chief K Vijay Kumar did some plain speak on the successes and challenges of the largest force fighting Naxalite violence.Speaking on why CRPF had not had success in wresting control of Naxalite-infested areas in Chhattisgarh, Kumar hinted at absence of the state in the area, resulting in staunch loyalties of locals to the Naxalites.He said, \"The Maoists call it a liberated zone that they have been administering for over 25 years. But the condition of these areas is far worse than anywhere else in the country. An entire generation has grown up with Maoists as their governors. To win in Chhattisgarh, we will need to make space in the hearts of these people.\"He, however, said the force was making several operational successes in the Chhattisgarh area citing the state's first entry into Abujh Madh forests last year. He even said the controversial Baseguda encounter, where several civilians died along with Maoists, was not an operational failure and that it was well-planned.He, however, almost drew a difference of opinion on the new standard operating procedures (SOPs) issued by the government post the encounter. When asked whether the SOPs, that suggest use of rubber bullets and tear gas shells apart from night vision equipment and sniper attacks, were practical, Kumar said, \"It is always the officer on the ground who takes a decision based on the situation he faces. He will do what he feels right at that time. There is always a gap between training and operation. With more training, this gap can be bridged somewhat.\"The DG's two-year tenure started right after the 2010 Dantewada massacre where 75 CRPF men were killed by Maoists. Coming at a time when the force's morale was down, Kumar was able to organize the force and streamline operations that achieved some successes in the Naxalite war.Kumar said the force had wrested considerable areas from Naxals in states such as West Bengal and Bihar. \"In Midnapur, we have had 95% success in driving out Maoists. Bihar's Motihari district is now under control while Maoists have been almost wiped out of Rohtas thanks to a coordinated effort by state police. We have had success even in Jharkhand's Saranda forests where about 500 of our men have conducted operations and gained control. In UP, Sonabhadra and Chandauli are now under state control.\"The DG, however, said Odisha's Malkangiri, Maharashtra's Gadchiroli and Chhattisgarh remain a challenge.Speaking on Jammu and Kashmir, the DG said CRPF was reducing its footprint in the Valley and its presence had gone down from 77 battalions to 66.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16595313", "title": "Rajasthan High Court judgments exposed government slackness", "text": "JAIPUR: The overarching role played by the Rajasthan High Court in recent times to save the state's water bodies and shelter the Aravalli hills from illegal mining has been necessitated due to the inaction of the government officials. The natural resources getting looted in broad daylight forced the court to pass judgments which clearly indicates the state government's failure on this front.A division bench of the high court on Thursday ordered to demolish the extension work in Fateh Prakash luxury hotel and pulling down of the under-construction five star hotel at Teelakheda near Udaisagar Lake at Udiapur. The judgment was hardly a surprise as court had to stretch its functioning as the state government failed.Criticizing the state officials, on May 29, 2012, the high court in its final verdict on Ramgarh dam case, ordered the state government to remove all encroachments from water bodies in the state and also cancel the illegal land allotments made since 1955.The HC also rapped the Jaipur Development Authority for allowing illegal constructions in the basin of Amanishah Nullah. It took a strong note of the fact that in 2009, the court had ordered a blanket stay in constructions in the basin of the nullah and further directed to protect a width of 150-200 metres. But the JDA officials not only approved the constructions but reduced the water basin of the nullah.In a related development, the court also directed the state government to ensure that polluted water was not discharged in a river or any natural water body in the state.The court had to interfere in the Prithviraj Nagar scheme too when state government messed up the issue. It intervened and allowed authorities to develop the Prithviraj Nagar scheme - though only under strict provisions of law.The HC also had to come down heavily on the state government for curbing the illegal mining in the state. Furious at the state of affairs in regulating illegal mining, the court had gone to the extent saying, \"If you are not stopped, you will dig up even the high court\"In May 16 this year, the court also passed orders on halting of all mining activities in the Beri Ganga forest land at Jodhpur. The verdict came after district officials failed in checking the mining in the area in Jodhpur rich in sandstone. The situation reached to an extent where court said that the district collector, police and officials of forests and mining departments would be responsible if any mining takes place in the area in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595479", "title": "Man jailed, fined for power theft", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stealing electricity proved costly to a man as he has been sentenced to one year rigorous imprisonment and fined Rs 37.99 lakh by a trial court. The court said that deterrent punishment must be imposed to make power theft a \"wholly non-profitable venture\".Additional Session Judge Suresh Kumar Gupta convicted Delhi resident Inderjeet for power theft on the complaint of BSES Rajdhani Power Limited that he had stolen electricity worth over Rs 25 lakh for industrial purposes.\"The load is more than 10 KW and fine imposed should not be less than three times the financial gain on account of theft of electricity. The bill was raised for a sum of Rs 25.32 lakh. Hence, the convict is sentenced to undergo imprisonment for one year with a fine of Rs 37.99 lakh...,\" the court said adding the convict is not entitled to any lenient view.\"No leniency should be shown to such convicts who should bear in mind that they will have to face serious consequences,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16594829", "title": "'Austere' UPA's 3rd anniversary bash cost Rs 7,700 per head", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA government spent over Rs 28 lakh on a bash to celebrate its third anniversary. The Rs 7,700-a-head dinner comes at a time when the government has announced austerity measures. Incidentally, the UPA-2 had stipulated that Rs 28 per day is sufficient to keep a person out of poverty.The dinner, hosted on May 22 at 7, Race Course Road, was attended by 375 guests, including Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha members of Parliament, leaders of political parties, members of the Congress Working Committee and media persons. Hosted by PM Manmohan Singh , prominent on the guest list were Congress president Sonia Gandhi , senior leaders from the BJP, Samajwadi Party and Left parties.According to information accessed through RTI filed by Hisar-based applicant Ramesh Verma, the Prime Minister's Office ( PMO) spent Rs 28,95,503 for the event. Of this, Rs 11.34 lakh was the catering charge, Rs 14.42 lakh was spent on tentage, Rs 2.92 lakh on electricity and Rs 24,444 on flowers.The menu included jhinga kasundi, gosht burrah kebab, fish malabari, chicken chettinad, baghare baingan, dum aloo kashmiri, beans gajar matar, keoti dal, biryani and a bread basket.The RTI response also said 603 invitation cards were issued and 375 guests attended the evening soiree. While the food and tent charges were paid through the hospitality grant of the ministry of external affairs, the tab for electricity and flower arrangements was picked up by CPWD.This is not the sole example of the UPA government's lavish spending. The Planning Commission was recently in the headlines for spending Rs 35 lakh on a toilet while a recent RTI plea by activist S C Agrawal revealed that Union ministers had spent 12 times more on their travel than the preceding year, running up a bill of over Rs 678 crore in tour expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16599757", "title": "BlackBerry 10 smartphones pics leaked online", "text": "LONDON: The images of Research In Motion's (RIM) upcoming smartphones, which will launch next year, have reportedly been revealed online.The pictures showed both the full touchscreen devices BlackBerry L Series and N series.They also showed a long-awaited BlackBerry 10 phone with a full qwerty keyboard , the Telegraph reports.According to the paper, briefly posted on video sharing site Vimeo, the film appears to be an internal pitch for marketing agencies, and was apparently posted by the editor.BlackBerry site Crackberry.com copied images before the film was removed.Meanwhile, the embattled Canadian mobile maker reported a narrower than expected quarterly loss, sending its shares up nearly 18 per cent..RIM reported a net loss of 235 million dollars for the second quarter, ending September 1, compared with a profit of 329 million dollars for the period last year.The firm increased its cash to about 2.3 billion from 2.2 billion dollars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595655", "title": "Illegal constructions in Wockhardt hospital to be demolished", "text": "NAGPUR: Finally, the anti-encroachment squad of NMC's Dharampeth zone has decided to demolish the illegal constructions done by Wockhardt Hospital on the North Ambazari road near Shankar Nagar square in the first week of October. The squad would demolish unauthorized construction of around 1095.79 sq metres under section 53 of Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act.Confirming the development, sources from Dharampeth zone told TOI that in April this year, the zone office had served a notice to Maharashtra Rashtrabhasha Sabha for not adhering to the sanctioned building plans while constructing the multi-storied Wockhardt Hospital on its land near Shankar Nagar Square. Rashtrabhasha Sabha had given a major portion of the land on lease to the hospital.The zone had directed the sabha to demolish illegal constructions carried out on over 1,000 sq metres within a month or else action would be initiated against it and the hospital.As per sanctioned plan, the five-storeied hospital should have a parking lot on the ground floor. But in reality, the hospital's lobby and reception occupies the ground floor. A parking lot has been constructed in front of the building contrary to the sanctioned plans.Similarly, the hospital had carried out illegal constructions on the fourth and fifth floors too. On the fourth floor, the hospital carried out illegal construction of around 102 sq metres on the south and east sides. On the fifth floor, the entire 120 sq mtr temporary tin construction was illegal.President of city-based NGO - Citizen's Forum for Equality - Madhukar Kukde had earlier raised the issue with both NIT and NMC, as the land was donated by NIT for the public utility. In fact, the construction of the entire hospital is illegal, claimed Kukde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16594985", "title": "Fresh warrant for Abu Jundal", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday issued fresh production warrant for key 26/11 attacks handler Abu Jundal after Mumbai Anti-Terrorism squad once again failed to hand him over to the Delhi Police saying he is required for interrogation in other cases.Chief metropolitan magistrate Vidya Prakash issued fresh production warrant for Jundal alias Zabi for October 12 after the LeT operative was not produced before him in pursuance of earlier production warrants.The Mumbai ATS, who were handed over Jundal on July 21, told the chief metropolitan magistrate that a court in Mumbai has given his custody to it till October 3 and he is further required in other cases being investigated there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16597642", "title": "Bhagwat Nagar residents call off fast", "text": "PATNA: The four Bhagwat Nagar residents, who started their fast-unto-death on Thursday morning against the Supreme Court order to demolish their houses, called off their fast on Friday morning in the presence of three legislators, Kumhrar BJP MLA Arun Kumar Sinha, Masaurhi JD(U) MLA Arun Manjhi and Dhuraiya JD(U) MLA Manish Kumar. They, however, will continue with their dharna.With the presence of three MLAs at the dharna site, the residents, which turned violent and set ablaze a vehicle on September 26, have started getting sympathy from political parties. \"It is good to see that legislators are paying attention to our cry. Their presence at our dharna site is making our protest stronger,\" said Avinash, a member of Adarsh Bhagwat Jai Prakash Nagar Sangharsh Morcha. He said, \"We should have formed the morcha long back to save our houses from demolition threat.\"The four residents, Saroj Kant Tripathy, Sudhir Kant Pathak, Heera Singh and B N Singh, ended their fast on request of the legislators. They said the leaders have assured us of all help.MLA Manish Kumar said the administration cannot be blamed alone for September 26 incident. \"The administration is bound to execute the order of the Supreme Court. But we are sure some solution will surely emerge to save their houses.\"MLA Manjhi said, \"We are talking to the state government and trying to find out a solution of their problem.\"Meanwhile, the women and the children of the locality made a human chain on Friday to show their unity to the district administration and Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC). \"We have stopped sending our children to schools. We are also not cooking at our houses but for how long can we do it,\" said Pratima Devi, a homemaker.City SP Jayant Kant said, \"An FIR has been lodged with the Agamkuan police station against the mob which turned violent on September 26, setting a PMC vehicle on fire. But no arrest has been made in this connection yet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16596387", "title": "\u2018No wet blanket on Ganesh sendoff\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Generally, monsoon withdraws from Mumbai by September 30. But seeing the current conditions, it may take up to the first week of October to withdraw from Konkan area,\" said N Y Apte, deputy director general of the Indian Meteorological Department, Mumbai. \"However, we only take into consideration June to September rainfall for the annual monsoon figure.\"All through June, Colaba received just 255mm rainfall while Santa Cruz recorded 312mm. The monsoon continued to fare badly in July as well, when Colaba received 325mm rainfall\u2014the fifth lowest July figure in the past 50 years. Santa Cruz registered 620mm. A major chunk of August, too, saw a lull of sorts. It was only in the last week of August that monsoon picked up, taking the monthly rainfall to 605.2mm in Colaba and 371.6mm in Santa Cruz. September was a lot better\u2014owing to good spells in the first half. As of September 28, Colaba received 319.4mm and Santa Cruz 551.7mm.The weather department has said if the Konkan and Vidarbha areas are considered as a whole, then monsoon has been about normal here. \"Mumbai is not the only area we look at. Vidarbha, where the rainfall is really important, has had about normal monsoon this year. However, Madhya Maharashtra and Marathwada are in deficit,\" said Apte.Though the city has seen little rain in the past few days, the weather department has forecast a few light showers and occasional spells of rain. Those Mumbaikars who plan to go out for Ganpati immersions on Saturday need not worry though, as \"there is no likelihood of heavy showers for the next two days\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai/ coimbatore", "code": "16597055", "title": "Abandoned emus bleed government", "text": "CHENNAI/ COIMBATORE: Saving the thousands of emus abandoned by promoters after the scam came to light is proving to be a costly affair for the government.Over the past three months, the animal husbandry department has sought Rs 3 crore from the public exchequer to feed the birds. The government has already released Rs 1 crore for this purpose. Apart from veterinarians in the department, several revenue officials and police constables are now engaged in the safe keeping and feeding of the emus left abandoned by 21 companies in and around Perundurai in Erode. To maintain these farms, the department has also arranged for local labour through village panchayat presidents and local body officials on an adhoc basis.To ensure these birds don't die of starvation, feed was initially arranged on loan basis from a private company in Dindigul. After the government sanctioned money, the birds are being fed regularly. More than 12,000 birds are being maintained by the department in the 21 farms by providing sustenance feed alone. A report from animal husbandry department reveals that the cost for maintaining 12,145 birds for one month is Rs 1.13 crore. The cost of 50 tonnes of feed is approximately Rs 11 lakh and total funds required for maintaining the farms for three months is Rs 3.5 crore. Sources said that the government will be releasing about Rs 1 crore every month for another three months.The commissioner of animal husbandry has also informed the government that apart from the birds in the abandoned farms, there are many in the care of individual farmers who had acquired them for rearing on contract basis. These farmers are struggling to arrange for feed for the birds under their care. The department has proposed to undertake responsibility of rearing only the birds in farms till they are disposed off in due process of law. This may involve a tender cum auction.According to M Muthuchamy, a farmer from Omallur near Salem, who signed up for 12 emus on contract basis from Susi Emu Farms, the government must also address the survival of emus left under the care of the cheated investors. We are ready to pay if the government can supply the feed. Emus will not eat chicken feed easily available in the market because of its dry fish content,'' he said.V Guruswamy, who is due to retire from government service in a few months, did not expect to become the caretaker for 500 emus at the fag end of his career. This village officer from Bolanaickenpalayam near Perundurai has now been given the responsibility of taking care of the exotic birds, until further notice from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596732", "title": "Why a separate Gulf quota, HC asks Anna University", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Friday asked Anna University to explain why it had created a category for people of Indian origin working in Gulf countries while admitting students for BArch course though there is already an NRI quota. It asked the university to file its reply on Monday when the matter will be taken up again.Justice V Ramasubramanian was hearing a petition filed by Y Vandana, who said she was denied a seat in BArch course for 2012-13 under the Scheduled Caste quota despite having the required marks. She said she would have got admission had the seats been filled as per merit under the single window system and alleged that 20 of the seats were not allocated on merit. On Thursday, the court had directed the university's registrar to give an explanation for \"misusing\" its earlier order to fill 80 seats in BArch course.The court on Friday questioned the rational behind a new category for Indian students from Gulf countries when there is an NRI quota. \"NRI quota covers all Indians living abroad. If you have a separate quota for those Indians living in Gulf, then later would you have a similar quota for those living in other parts of the world?\" asked Justice Ramasubramanian. Anna University counsel M Viyayakumar will file a counter on Monday.Further, the judge said that in an earlier order, the court had upheld the quota for consortium of industries but made it clear it should not exceed 15% of the total intake and should also include NRIs. But the university admitted students under different categories such as NRIs, citizens of Indian origin working in Gulf countries and foreign nationals. \"Filling up seats under several sub-headings and admitting 15 persons under these categories is contrary to all principles laid down by the court,\" the judge said.The court said since the last date for admission ends on Sunday and since September 29 and 30 are holidays, the university should prepare a list of candidates, who will otherwise be admitted if these 20 seats had not been filed up other than through single window counselling. The list may be kept as provisionally selected for admission before the cut-off date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16597131", "title": "Assistant professor commits suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: An assistant professor of a private college hanged himself at his residence in the city on Thursday as he was frustrated over his inability to quit drinking.S Chelladurai, 38, of Sornambika Garden at Kuniamuthur, was an assistant professor at Nehru Group of Institutions in Thirumalayampalayam on the outskirts of the city. Police said he was a drunkard and could not quit the habit after attempting to quit with treatment five times.His wife C Sarguna (34), is also an assistant professor. The couple has a five-year-old daughter C Sanjana.Police said Chelladurai's health condition was deteriorating. Last week, he was admitted at a private hospital for detoxification treatment and was discharged three days ago. He had stopped going to college for the past 12 days.Around 8am on Thursday, Sarguna left for work. When she returned home in the evening, she found the house locked from inside. When she failed to get any response after repeated knocking on the door, she approached the neighbours for help. They broke open the door and found Chelladurai hanging from the ceiling fan. He had used his wife's sari as the noose.Kuniyamuthur police retrieved the body, which was sent to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for postmortem. The body of the deceased was handed over to his relatives on Friday. Kuniamuthur police have registered a case and an investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595543", "title": "Orange City Water Limited staffers charged with demanding bribe to reduce water bills", "text": "NAGPUR: The private water operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL), which is already facing heat on various issues, found itself in another controversy following allegations of corruption against its staffers, that too in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) general body meeting. Mayor Anil Sole ordered enquiry into the allegations and also transfer of executive engineer Shashikant Hastak from the Water Works Department (WWD), followed by his suspension if the charges are proved. Besides, the general body passed resolution to waive off unjustified water arrears charged from slum-dwellers and provide water connections to the economically weaker section (EWS).Corporators, both from the ruling party and the opposition, expressed their displeasure over irresponsible statements made by Hastak and OCWL's poor performance during discussion over proposal to provide free water connection to slum-dwellers and exempting them from penalty for illegal water connections. Senior corporator Praful Gudadhe, leader of opposition Vikas Thakre, leader of ruling party Praveen Datke, former standing committee chairpersons Sandip Joshi and Abha Pande, corporator Parinay Fuke and others slammed Hastak and OCWL officials.Thakre informed the house that OCWL staffers were taking bribe for reducing water bills and also claimed to have proofs for the same. \"OCWL is sending water bills of Rs40,000-50,000 to slum-dwellers. Though it has no powers, OCWL is cutting water connections with Hastak's blessings. OCWL staffers are also forcing citizens to pay bribes by threatening them. Nandkishor Dube, resident of Abhyankar Nagar, was forced to cough up Rs15,000 for getting his water bill of Rs75,000 corrected. The private operator is also causing inconvenience to citizens in various other ways,\" alleged Thakre.Datke demanded suspension of Hastak if the charges are proved. Thakre, Gudadhe and others backed this demand. Taking a dig at BJP leaders, Thakre said that Sole may not suspend Hastak as the latter was a powerful official. \"Sole would require permission from his higher-ups (probably pointing towards BJP national president Nitin Gadkari ) for taking action against Hastak,\" said Thakre.Corporators including Gudadhe, Fuke, Shiv Sena group leader Bandu Talwekar and others raised various issues related to slum-dwellers.Sole said citizens coming under EWS should be also included in the beneficiary list along with slum-dwellers under JNNURM's project and provided free water connection, exemption from penalty for illegal water connection and water at subsidized rates. \"The department should re-examine all inflated water bills and correct them immediately. No water connection should be disconnected without re-examination and permission from the NMC. Charges of Rs500-600 collected for new water connections should be returned to the slum-dwellers by adjusting them in the next bills,\" he said.Condemning the WWD officials, especially Hastak, Sole said that all officials and staffers of NMC are responsible for ensuring proper water supply and other services to the citizens. \"Instead of asking corporators and others to approach the operator, NMC officials must ensure that OCWL perform its duties. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane should transfer Hastak from water works and replace him with another eligible official,\" he said.The corporators welcomed this ruling with a huge applause.Datke demanded that the administration should submit proposal for adjusting the hiked water tax in property tax bills for those who do not have water connections.OCWL will be questioned on French team's visitMayor Anil Sole has said that explanation will be sought from OCWL regarding the visit of a team from France to city's water works without intimating or seeking permission from NMC. Vikas Thakre raised the issue citing reports in newspapers. Executive engineer Shashikant Hastak said that he was not aware of any such visit and neither OCWL nor Veolia Water had intimated him.Senior corporator Praful Gudadhe said that Veolia Water was going through its worst financial crisis. \"NMC should conduct enquiry into Veolia's financial condition and other issues related to city's water projects.\"Chairman and managing director of Veolia Water (India) Private Limited, Patrick Rousseau, visited the city for three days along with a team of six, including deputy director of press relations of Veolia in France, Stephane Galfre, and five journalists from Paris and nearby cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16599282", "title": "PVR to fill in for Fame Adlabs in Andheri", "text": "Finally, Citi Mall will have a new theatre. Neighbouring multiplex owners appear unfazedTOI had reported (July 14) about Mumbai's first multiplex, Fame Adlabs in Andheri (W), having shut shop on July 12 after completing over a decade in business.Atthetime, owners Shyam and Shravan Shroff of Shringar Films and Manmohan Shetty had maintained the multiplex was closed down for renovation and would be reopened soon.While that hasn't happened, we've now learnt that PVR will be opening in the same premises sometime next year. A source from the upcoming multiplex told us, \"We have started construction work and are raring to go. We plan to start the new PVR by January 26,\" adding, \"We've set a deadline and we hope to abide by it. Our management wants work to be completed as soon as possible.\"PVR was given the property on lease justafewdaysago.\"PVR was in talks with Shetty and the Shroffs since two months. They had shown great interest in the property ever since Fame shut down. However, the deal was sealed only recently,\" said the source.While Fame Adlabs opened with a bang in 2002 with Vipul Shah's hit Aankhen starring Amitabh Bachchan and Akshay Kumar , it had to be eventually closed down. One of the reasons for closure, as revealed by a source close to Shetty, was the dispute between the Inox Group and the Shringar-Shetty team. In January 2012 when Fame India merged with Inox Leisure, management control of the Fame chain of cinemas passed on to Inox.Another reason why Fame had to close down, according to the source, is possibly the reduced number of footfalls. The number of people visiting the multiplex had dropped alarmingly toward the end of its dream run. The maintenance standards had fallen. The Citi Mall had ceased to be the draw that it used to be.This led to a rethink on Inox's part whether it was commercially viable to continue doing business in the premises. And now with PVR setting shop in the premises, there will be more competition with Cinemax and Fun that are in the vicinity and also patronised rather well.When contacted, Head of Operations at Fun Republic Andheri, Anand Vishal said, \"We welcome PVR which is coming up near us. But think of it, we are located in a lane while PVR and Cinemax will both be on the main road. So, just as the competitor to Cinemax was earlier Fame, it will now be PVR. We are not worried for sure primarily because we have a loyal base of around 25 to 27 per cent.\"Marketing Head of Cinemax, Girish Wankhede said, \"We maintain we are the best. However, the emergence of PVR in our neighbourhood will make us perform even better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595567", "title": "Congress, NCP agree on white paper, activists want thorough probe", "text": "MUMBAI: The political drama surrounding Ajit Pawar's resignation finally over, the onus is now on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to order a probe over allegations of corruption in the irrigation sector.Chavan in the past openly expressed concern over the cost escalation and the state government has said it would bring out a white paper. Moreover, NCP chief Sharad Pawar said on Friday his party would want it to be presented soon. But senior officials and activists believe the nature of allegations demand a thorough probe. \"A white paper is not an investigation paper. What is needed is a black paper on the irrigation sector. The CM should either appoint a technical committee or form a special investigation team (SIT) to probe the allegations,\" said activist Medha Patkar. The BJP has already demanded an SIT investigation. Chavan declined to comment, while Thakre was non-committal on a probe. \"The white paper will clear the air on the allegations,\" he said.Moreover, on a day when the NCP announced that Ajit Pawar's resignation from the state cabinet was final, the Congress said it had made several efforts in the past few days to convince him to reconsider. While communication channels between chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Ajit remained blocked, sources said state party president Manikrao Thakre was constantly in touch with the NCP leader. Thakre said on Friday the Democratic Front government will continue to seek Ajit Pawar's support on crucial policy decisions.Many in the party believe a \"hurt\" Pawar Jr could adopt an aggressive stand and make things difficult for the government. Independent political observer Prakash Bal Joshi agreed, \"Pawar will adopt an aggressive approach, handling him could prove to be challenging for the government.\" Joshi said delaying the white paper would mean Ajit Pawar has to sit out that long.Sources meanwhile said Ajit Pawar's resignation would be submitted to the governor's office only on Saturday. Asked when he is likely to submit the resignation to the governor, Chavan told TOI, \"Why are you worried? We will take a call.\"At the time of going to press, there were talks of a late-night meeting between Sharad Pawar and Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16597357", "title": "Agitating students foil BEd opening ceremony", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The inaugural ceremony of the B Ed course at the GLA college here on Thursday was foiled by agitating students forcing the vice chancellor of Nilamber Pitamber University, Firoz Ahmad to return to the university office without formally launching the course.The registrar of the university P K Verma has confirmed that the VC had to return without doing the ceremonial inauguration of this course. He also said that the mood of the students was highly aggressive and that the VC has assured to look into their grievances. Students raised anti -university slogans.An ABVP activist Rohit said students would continue to oppose the inauguration of this course by any university official. He said the university is slipping into anarchy and such a ceremony is just an eyewash. He said the Raj Bhavan has been informed about the affairs of the university.Shyam Babu, the former president of the students union of the Ranchi university, who hails from Daltonganj said, \"The inauguration is a mockery as not even 20 candidates have taken admission so far against a capacity of 100 students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16596374", "title": "Might strike out on my own, warns Ajit Pawar", "text": "MUMBAI: With even the dozen independent legislators who had threatened to withdraw support to the government if Ajit Pawar quit softening their stand, the political crisis in the state seems to have blown over for now. But reports from the firefighting meetings Sharad Pawar held through the day indicated that dark clouds persist.On Friday, Sharad Pawar held a separate meeting with Ajit Pawar, the first since his nephew quit abruptly on Tuesday as deputy CM after reports on rampant irregularities in irrigation projects when he held the portfolio from 1999 to 2009, at the Worli residence of senior leader Parful Patel. In attendance was Patel and Pawar's daughter Supriya Sule.Earlier, he had had a long discussion with NCP ministers on the political situation. The legislators had also offered to quit in a show of solidarity. At 4.30pm, he attended the legislators' party meet at Vidhan Bhavan.In his brief speech, Ajit Pawar said: \"My conscience is clear. It was the biggest-ever conspiracy against me and my party. I urge the CM to bring out the white paper as early as possible, let the people of Maharashtra decide if I am corrupt or clean.\"Sharad Pawar said: \"I am in favour of a white paper on the status of irrigation projects in the state. I will request (CM) Chavan to bring it out as early as possible so that the truth can come out.\"The party chief, who had made it clear from the first day of the crisis that the Chavan government was under no threat, on Friday played a tune that would please Ajit Pawar. In a rambling take on irrigation projects, he seemed to defend the massive cost escalations in irrigation projects. There are several hurdles between the administrative approval of a project and execution, leading to cost escalation of projects, he explained.But Sharad Pawar's role as firefighter is unlikely to be short. Reports said during the meetings, Ajit Pawar took a tough stand. \"Chavan dissolved the state cooperative bank controlled by the NCP, defamed the NCP over irrigation projects and soon there will be administrators for major cooperative institutions controlled by the NCP. We must quit the government and support it externally. If you (Pawar) don't agree, I will choose my own path,\" a senior minister quoted Ajit Pawar as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16597208", "title": "Poacher\u2019s wife gets 7-yr jail term", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rani, the wife of convicted poacher Sansar Chand, was convicted on Friday in Uttarakhand for illegal wildlife trade, and sentenced to seven years in prison. This is only the second time that maximum punishment under the Wildlife Protection Act has been given in Indian history.The case pertains to the seizure of two leopard skins and two jackal skins in Naogaon village, Pauri, in 2004. According to sources in the Uttarakhand wildlife department, even though Sansar Chand had been previously arrested, Rani and others in his family had been spearheading the wildlife trade in northern India.Wildlife protection activists said that this prosecution was a significant moment in the protection of Indian wildlife because it is only the second time that someone has been convicted and been given the maximum punishment under the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16596720", "title": "HC denies bail to Abhay Chudasama", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court (HC) on Friday rejected the bail plea of suspended IPS officer Abhay Chudasama who was arrested in April 2010 in connection with the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case.Justice Abhilasha Kumari turned down Chudasama's bail application saying that there is prima facie a case against the suspended cop and \"it cannot be ignored that he is a high-ranking police officer and wields considerable influence and clout\".\"The charges against Chudasama are grave and serious in nature and would invite serious punishment, if proved. Looking at the position and standing of the applicant, in the view of this court, there is a reasonable apprehension and likelihood that the witnesses may be threatened or coerced, evidence tampered with, and justice be thwarted if bail is granted.\"The bail plea was rejected a day after the Supreme Court ordered to shift the case to Mumbai. Chudasama did not get bail despite giving all assurances to the court that he would not enter states where witnesses reside. While denying the bail, HC took notice of all allegations against the former crime branch DCP on how he allegedly plotted firing at Popular Builders and how he planted Tulsiram Prajapati to track Sohrabuddin.After a CBI court refused bail, Chudasama moved HC last year. But the hearing on his bail plea got delayed because three judges - Z K Saiyed, M D Shah and Bankim Mehta - recused themselves from the case.Sohrabuddin and his wife Kauserbi were killed in November 2005. This case was probed for more than three years by the state CID (crime). The apex court transferred the case to the CBI in January 2010 when Chudasama was arrested. While other cops were lodged in the Sabarmati Central Jail, Chudasama was sent to Nadiad jail citing security concerns. However, on pretext of ill health, Chudasama has spent most of the time in hospitals only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "sao paulo", "code": "16600233", "title": "Anand draws again in Chess Masters", "text": "SAO PAULO: World champion Viswanathan Anand's winless streak continued as he played out a tame draw against out-of-form Sergey Karjakin of Russia -- his fourth in as many games -- in the fourth round of fifth Final Masters.Playing in his first tournament after his world championship triumph in Moscow earlier this year, Anand could not force a win against Karjakin and inched himself up to four points under the soccer-like scoring system in place to occupy the fourth spot.Italian Fabiano Caruana surged ahead of the field with a crushing victory over Francisco Vallejo Pons of Spain. The other game of the day was fought intensely but Armenian Levon Aronian missed a simple win before finally drawing with world number one Magnus Carlsen of Norway.With six rounds still remaining in the super tournament, Caruana took his tally to 10 points with his third victory out of four games. Aronian continued to follow the leader but the gap has increased and Caruana now has a healthy four points lead over his nearest rival.Carlsen moved to third spot on five points while Karjakin and Vallejo Pons share the fifth spot on two points in the six-player double round-robin event.Anand did not have any troubles as black but did not get any chance either against Karjakin who opened with the queen pawn. The Indian ace went for the Slav defence, an opening that had served him quite well in the world championship match against Boris Gelfand of Israel.Karjakin went for an early trading of light square Bishop which was indication enough that the Russian was hoping for a safe game with little risk.Anand exchanged pieces at regular intervals and just had to find resources which maintained the balance even though the position appeared to be slightly better for white. After all the minor pieces had changed hands, the result of the game was in no doubt and after 31 moves the players shook hands.Caruana faced the French defence for the second time in the tournament. Earlier in the first round, the Italian was lucky to beat Carlsen in the same opening and this time he wisely side-stepped from the theoretical discussions of a Winawer variation.Going for the Advance variation, Caruana sacrificed a couple of pawns which was clearly a result of his home preparation and launched an attack on the king side soon after. Vallejo Pons got just one chance to defend his position and after he missed that his king side was blown away in no time. Caruana won in just 24 moves.Wild complexities ensued in the game between Carlsen and Aronian wherein the former opted for a close Ruy Lopez. Aronian went for the king side while Carlsen hung in there in the middle game before making a terminal blunder on move 27. However tension got the better of Aronian who could not quite place the winning plan and instead went for a safer continuation. The game was eventually drawn in 48 moves.After the next round, the event will move to Bilbao in Spain where the second half will be played. In the next round, Anand meets Carlsen, Caruana has to tackle Aronian while Karjakin take on Vallejo.Results Round 4: Sergey Karjakin (Rus, 2) drew with Viswanathan Anand (Ind, 4); Fabiano Caruana (Ita, 10) beat Francisco Vallejo Pons (Esp, 2); Magnus Carlsen (Nor, 5) drew with Levon Aronian (Arm, 6).The moves: Sergey Karjakin vs Viswanathan Anand 1. d4 d5 2. c4 c6 3. Nf3 Nf6 4. e3 Bf5 5. Nc3 a6 6. Bd3 Bxd3 7. Qxd3 e6 8. O-O Bb4 9. a3 Be7 10. e4 dxe4 11. Nxe4 Nxe4 12. Qxe4 Nd7 13. Bf4 O-O 14. Rad1 Re8 15. Rd3 Nf8 16. Rb3 Qc8 17. Rc1 Ng6 18. Bg3 Qd7 19. h4 h5 20. Ne5 Nxe5 21. Bxe5 f6 22. Bg3 Bf8 23. Rd3 Qf7 24. Bf4 Rad8 25. Rcd1 Bd6 26. Bxd6 Rxd6 27. a4 Red8 28. b3 R6d7 29. R1d2 Rd6 30. Rd1 R6d7 31. R1d2 game drawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16597402", "title": "4 arrested in fake currency racket in Savarkundla", "text": "RAJKOT: Savarkundla taluka police have arrested four persons, including a clerk working in deputy superintendent of police (Savarkundla division) in Amreli district, in connection with the fake currency racket busted in Jamnagar recently.A complaint was filed against Dilavar Chauhan (37) and Ramjam Sama (28), both residents of Vijapadi village, clerk in DSP's office J V Patel and Gafarsha Bhikhasha of Dwarka in Jamnagar.Savarkundla police seized fake currency notes worth Rs 12,500 from Chauhan and Sama on Thursday. During the investigation, police found that they were getting fake notes from Gafarsha, who was already arrested by Jamnagar police in this racket. Gafarsha has now been booked by Savarkundla police in the offence registered there.A court also granted 10 days remand to police for questioning Chauhan and Sama. Earlier, Jamnagar police had busted an inter-state fake currency racket.Till now, 32 persons have been arrested in recent rackets and five complaints have been filed in this regard. Sources say more than 27 lakh fake notes have been seized so far. According to an estimate, fake notes of more than Rs 2 crore have been circulated in 18 districts of the state in the last few months.\"The notes are being smuggled from Bangladesh into the country. The racket was allegedly being run from Pakistan and Dubai via Bangladesh,'' a senior police official said.Meanwhile, a Special Task Force (STF) has been formed in Gujarat to tackle this menace. The STF will have Gujarat Anti Terrorism Squad (ATS) chief A K Surolia at its helm.Police sources said they are now looking for carriers of fake currency notes who smuggled it into the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16594803", "title": "Indore Development Authority gets back Vijay Nagar bus stand land", "text": "INDORE: Indore Development Authority (IDA) has got back the land of Vijay Nagar bus stand. Indore bench of High Court on Friday passed an order in favour of the IDA and gave them the right to reclaim the possession of 10 acre land of the Bus stand at Vijay Nagar.IDA CEO Deepak Singh said that court has given its decision in favour of authority in Vijay Nagar bus stand case. \"We will get the copy of the order in two three days, following which IDA will start the process to get back the bus stand land,\" he said.IDA had around 10 acres of land at Vijay Nagar which they had given to State Transport Corporation for developing a bus stand long back. State transport operated buses from the place for several years until it closed its operations and sold out the land to some private party. It was challenged by IDA and after years of court hearing IDA got back the land. It is to be noted that as per the master plan of Indore ,IDA had to develop three bus stops in city at Vijay Nagar, Choithram and Kurmedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16600376", "title": "'Aiyyaa' is riding on Rani's shoulder, says Prithviraj", "text": "He is a superstar down South with 80 films to his credit. but actor Prithviraj Sukumaran, who is making his debut in Bollywood as the leading man in 'Aiyyaa', has no qualms with the film being portrayed as his co-star Rani Mukherjee's project.\"Its a Bollywood film and I am a completely a new entity and I love that. The film is riding on Rani's shoulder I am happy with it. I love the fact that people will go and watch it as a Rani Mukherjee film and discover me. At the end of the day its a love story between two people and they are Rani and me,\" Prithviraj told .Produced by Anurag Kashyap 'Aiyyaa' stars Rani Mukherjee and Prithviraj in lead roles in the film. Rani plays the role of a Marathi girl who falls in love with a Malayalam boy, played by the South actor. Prithviraj has acted in Malayalam, Tamil and Telugu films and his notable performances include 'Vaasthavam', 'Indian Rupee', 'Classmates', Mani Ratnam's Tamil version of 'Raavanan', 'Urumi' and others.\"I need to get real and I understand the fact that I am a beginner in Bollywood, the 80 films that I have done down South and who I am and what I have achieved there has nothing to do with what I am going to do in Bollywood,\" he said. Rani has delivered several hit films like Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, Black, Hum Tum and Veer Zaara among others. She was last seen in political crime thriller No one killed Jessica that released early last year and earned critical acclaim.\"Right now, the film will obviously be Rani's responsibility because the minute someone as big as her walked into the film it became a Rani Mukherjee project. I think it is a great to make a debut in a way.. its a vehicle in which you are travelling,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16599476", "title": "Nobel Laureate Robert Huber visits AIIMS", "text": "NEW DELHI: German biochemist Robert Huber , who received Nobel Prize in the year 1988 for his work on protein and its application in medicine, delivered the first AIIMS foundation day lecture on Tuesday. The lecture was attended by the faculty members, scientists, residents and students of AIIMS and different institutions from Delhi. Huber talked about his pioneering research work - proteins and their structures at the interface of Physics, Chemistry and Biology.\"This talk was first of the series of lectures by Nobel Laureates which has been planned every year on the occasion of the Institute Day,\" said AIIMS director Dr. R C Deka. On the occasion of 57th AIIMS Foundation Day, an exhibition titled \"AIIMS' Contribution to Health Care\" was also organized. It was inaugurated by the union minister for health and family welfare Ghulam Nabi Azad. He said that establishment of six AIIMS-like institutions in the country and up gradation of 19 medical colleges through the assistance of central government will tremendously improve the health care system in the country in next five years.He further mentioned that once this happens, the current patient load of 8,000 to 10,000 per day will reduce and AIIMS will function as a truly referral medical institute. Fifty two departments contributed to the exhibition by presenting 180 posters on various topics. Skits related to health issues like stress management, modification in life style and empowering girl child were presented.AIIMS has recently started honouring its faculty members for excellence in research. Eight faculty members were given awards of Rs 50,000, Rs 20,000 and Rs 10,000 for their outstanding work and contribution to health research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16597502", "title": "Political patronization of criminals alarming: HC", "text": "KOCHI: Political patronizing of criminals has reached alarming propositions, the Kerala high court observed on Friday.The observation by Justice P Bhavadasan was made following the judgment denying bails to CPM leaders Karayi Rajan and Karayi Chandrasekharan, who are arrayed as accused in the murder of NDF worker Mohammed Fasal.It is very surprising and disturbing to note that in recent times political patronizing of criminals is assuming alarming propositions. The political parties, instead of weeding them out, seem to encourage them, the court observed.Observing that political killings challenge the existence of the law and order system, the court observed, \"Such acts of brutality are indeed a threat to the society and amounts to an open challenge to law. Is this the type of politics that is envisaged in a democratic set up?\"Pronouncing its decision not to grant bail to the CPM leaders, the court held that the plea of individual liberty in political murder cases is of no avail.Fasal, who was a CPM activist, had ditched the party to join NDF. He was hacked to death by motorcycle-borne assailants early morning on October 22, 2006 at Muzhuppilangad near Thalassery.Referring to the motive behind the alleged murder, the court observed, merely because the victim in this case could no longer follow the dictates of the political party and chose to disassociate himself from the said party does not mean that the parent party should be belligerent and intolerant to him even if his disassociation and subsequent campaign may be against the interest of the said political party.CBI has submitted the chargesheet in the case, which had CPM's former district secretariat member Karayi Rajan and Thiruvangad local committee secretary Karayi Chandrasekharan as masterminds of the murder and 'Kodi' Suni as the prime accused.Political patronizing of criminals has reached alarming propositions, the Kerala High Court observed on Friday.The observation by Justice P Bhavadasan was in the judgment denying bails to CPM leaders Karayi Rajan and Karayi Chandrasekharan, who are arrayed as accused in the murder of NDF worker Mohammed Fasal.It is very surprising and disturbing to note that in recent times political patronizing of criminals is assuming alarming propositions. The political parties instead of weeding them out, seem to encourage them, the court observed.Observing that political killings challenge the existence of law and order system, the court observed, \"Such acts of brutality are indeed a threat to the society and amounts to an open challenge to law. Is this the type of politics that is envisaged in a democratic set up?\"Pronouncing its decision not to grant bail to the CPM leaders, the court held that the plea of individual liberty in political murder cases is of no avail.Fasal, who was an activist of CPM, had ditched the party to join NDF. He was hacked to death by motorcycle-borne assailants early morning on October 22, 2006 at Muzhuppilangad near Thalassery.Referring to the motive behind the alleged murder, the court observed, Merely because the victim in this case could no longer follow the dictates of the political party and chose to disassociate himself from the said party does not mean that the parent party should be belligerent and intolerant to him even if his disassociation and subsequent campaign may be against the interest of the said political party.CBI has submitted the chargesheet in the case, which had CPM's former district secretariat member Karayi Rajan and Thiruvangad local committee secretary Karayi Chandrasekharan as masterminds of the murder and 'Kodi' Suni as the prime accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16597314", "title": "Old-timers lose out in Panjab University senate", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a day of major setback to the old timers and sitting senate members on campus with the big-wigs losing out in the most crucial constituency of Panjab University senate. The graduate constituency of PU senate, that comprises 15 out of 91 seats, will now see new faces ruling the house from November 1.Two new faces in the senate are Sanjeev Kumar Arora, who got 3,236 votes and Sandeep Kumar with 4,996 votes. While Arora is the principal of DAV College, Abohar, Kumar is a teacher in Fazilka. Sitting senator, lawyer and student leader Dayal Partap Singh Randhawa won the polls with 2,422 votes. The sitting senators, who had been active and at the forefront during last four years of senate's tenure, seemed puzzled on Friday.Among those who are likely to suffer prominently are sitting senators and heavyweights Dharinder Tayal, Rabinder Nath Sharma, Prabhjit Singh and R K Sharma. The counting process for this constituency is likely to continue for the next two days. Chancellor of PU, VP Mohammad Hamid Ansari, will then nominate 36 other members in October, following which the new senate will come into existence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai/bangalore", "code": "16597629", "title": "Delta farmers wary, Karnataka set for protests", "text": "CHENNAI/BANGALORE: The Supreme Court order directing Karnataka to release 9,000 cusecs of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu has neither enthused nor disappointed farmers in the Cauvery basin districts . Though Mettur dam was opened recently , nearly three months behind schedule, water is yet to reach many tail-end areasin thedelta region .Farmers are guarded in their reaction to the Supreme Court order and hope that the north-east monsoon , expected to set in by the first week of October , will save thesamba crop.In Karnataka , various groups geared up to protest the Supreme Court order. Cauvery Hitaraskahana Hoarata Samiti chief and former MP G Made Gowda described the SC order as \"unrealistic .\" He said , \"We will ask hundreds and thousands of farmers to sleep on the river bed as a form of protest .\" Meanwhile , a group of farmers staged a dharna and blocked vehicular traffic on the busy Bangalore-Mysore statehighway in Maddur , Shivapura and Mandya towns as news broke out about the SC directive . \"When Karnataka has no water , how can it abide by the SC order ?\" asked opposition leader in the Karnataka legislative assembly Siddaramaiah . \"At the same time we cannot violate the court direction . Karnataka should file a petition urging the court to review its order ,\" he said .In Tamil Nadu's rice bowl, the water crisis has forced many farmers to opt for direct sowing and those using traditional methods of cultivation are hopeful that the water released would at least recharge the groundwater , which at present is very salty . Some have also expressed doubt over whether Karnataka will actually honour the Supreme Court order . \"It (the Supreme Court directive ) is a consolation given the circumstances and also gives us hope .Butthewater has to be released as per the orders only then we will be able to transplant the paddy crop and save it from the onslaught of north-east monsoon ,\" federation of farmers' associations in delta districts general secretary Arupathy Kalyanam toldTOI.Farmers hope to transplant the crop and grow it at least up to 3ft so that it is not submerged if the north-east monsoon is vigorous . \"It is a welcome move . Karnataka should not find it difficult to release the water as their cropping season is almost coming to an end ,\" said Cauvery Delta Farmers Welfare Association general secretary Mannargudi Ranganathan . With the water released farmers can manage samba crop till the onset of monsoon . \"Crop production in eight districts is dependant on the Cauvery and Karnataka shouldtakethisinto account and release water immediately ,\" hesaid .Representatives of some of the farmers' associations in Trichy said the Centre should make Karnataka implement the Supreme Court order . \"It is a partial relief . The water released from Mettur has not reached the tail-end areas and the groundwater is also salty .IfKarnataka releases water , it will recharge the groundwater and farmerscan makeuseof theborewells ,\" said Tamilaga Vivasayigal Sangam state secretary Raja Chidambaram .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kotulpur (bankura)", "code": "16596766", "title": "A better life, on contract", "text": "KOTULPUR (BANKURA): Taraknath Kesh lost almost everything seven years ago when his potato crop failed. A broken man, he decided to sell off his land and move to the city as a manual labourer. Just then, Pepsico came up to him with a proposal for contract farming. He accepted it with a lot of doubt and suspicion. But today, his eyes light up when he recalls the day he told himself 'I've got nothing left to lose'.\"It was a godsend,\" he says. All five brothers of Kesh family are now engaged in 'Pepsi-aloo' farming. A tractor stands in front of Taraknath's sprawling house. And he easily makes Rs 6 lakh a year.\"Aaj amader sokh puran korte parchi (we can now fulfill our desires). My children study in good schools. We can undertake pilgrimage a couple of times a year. My wife is happy, so are my children,\" said Taraknath, proudly giving TOI a tour of his house.Earlier, he used to farm Jyoti, a local variety of potato. \"Every alternative year, there would be a fungal attack (known here as Dhasha rog). Moreover, I suffered losses because the price crashed frequently in the highly fluctuating market,\" said Taraknath. Pepsi aloo changed his life. He and his brothers grow two varieties - Atlanta and Chipsona potato (chip-grade, low on sugar and water content). Pepsico supplies the seeds and give them farming tips.\"I have twice won awards for productivity,\" said Taraknath's brother Lakshman, who was the first in Goghra village to start contract farming. The Kesh success story has inspired others.Harikrishna Sain has also tasted prosperity within a short span of switching to Pepsi-aloo. You cannot miss his newly built two-storey house in the village. The least bothered about the hullabaloo over multi-retail FDI , Sain did some straight-talking. \"We went for it because it is profitable. We will stop it the day it isn't. They (Pepsico) cannot force us. Since the choice is ours, what is the harm in taking the help of big companies like Pepsico,\" he asks.\"We have learnt a lot from Pepsico. We have learnt scientific farming with judicious use of fertilizer and pesticides. The soil is tested first. On the basis of the report, Pepsico appoints agriculture experts to advise us on the quantity of fertilizer and pesticides within the Pepsico policy of use of pesticides. The fertility of our land has increased dramatically. Now, we realise how we used to destroy the fertility of our land with overdoses of chemical fertilizer hoping it would increase productivity,\" said Lakshman.Kesh and Sain make a profit of Rs 8,000 to Rs 10,000 per bigha. Last, year Pepsico bought their potatoes for Rs 5.70 to Rs 6.10 per kg. This year, it has gone up to Rs 6.4 per kg. In contrast, the Jyoti variety is selling for Rs 3.40 to Rs 4.5 per kilo in the mundi when the market is on the upswing.Pepsico buys the crop through vendors at a fixed price. The farmers get the money instantly and don't have to haggle with middlemen.Encouraged by its own success, Pepsico has targeted 8,000 acres of potato farming this year, up from 5,000 acres last year. \"There is a marked change in the attitude of the farmers towards us. Initially, they used to look at us with suspicion. But now they have realized that there is stability and assured profits,\" said a Pepsico official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595541", "title": "BMC not razing Pratibha to vex society, HC told", "text": "MUMBAI: Members of Pratibha housing society have moved court against the municipality, saying it is intentionally delaying demolition of the building. While the members want the unoccupied building to be rebuilt, the BMC wants it to remain standing as evidence in court cases related to the FSI scam that embroiled Pratibha in the early 1980s.The high court on Friday directed the BMC to file its reply and the society to approach civic officials concerned with its plan for taking photos and videos of the building, which the society says is adequate evidence.The society's advocates, S C Naidu and Kumar Biswa, told a division bench of Justices Sharad Bobde and Rajesh Ketkar that the BMC was opposed to the demolition of the building. \"We want to reconstruct the building. But the BMC says the building may be required as evidence,\" said Naidu.The society's petition said the HC in March 2003 suggested demolition of the building so that it could be rebuilt to accommodate all 35 members of the society. But the BMC declined to process approvals for the society, saying the original papers were with the anti corruption bureau, which conducted the investigation.According to the petition, the society deposited the cost of demolition with the BMC, but the civic body was delaying the work to harass society members. The petition also says that corruption charges were against \"certain government officers and the builder\". Thus, the charges should not affect \"the demolition and reconstruction\" of the building. The petition urges the HC to direct the BMC to demolish the building within a specified timeframe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16596382", "title": "Engineers staying away from Pandhare", "text": "NASHIK: Colleagues of whistleblower Vijay Pandhare, chief engineer of Maharashtra Engineers' Training Academy, have distanced themselves from him.State government engineers in Nashik say Pandhare's intentions may be noble but his revelations violate service manuals that every state government employee has to adhere to. \"Nobody doubts intentions of the chief engineer, who rose to the position on the strength of his intelligence. In fact the way he has been raising issues has helped engineers. But the manner in which he has exposed details through the media is a matter of concern and on this issue engineers do not agree with him,\" said an office-bearer of Maharashtra Engineering Services Federation, an umbrella organisation of six associations of the water resource department's 7,000-strong fleet of engineers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16595300", "title": "Rajasthan Housing Board revises income slabs for house allotments", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Housing Board (RHB) on Friday revised the income slabs for house allotments which will affect the middle income group the most.\"As per the revised slabs, the middle income group will be forced to shift to the lower income group. The rates have increased one-and-a-half times approximately. However, on ground, the people's income has not increased this much,\" said an official.\"The income slab has been increased as we are facing problems in the repayments from allottees. The board's houses range from 5 lakh to 40 lakh which includes all the categories. When installments are fixed after allotment, they are considerably higher in proportion to their income,\" said RHB chairman Paras Ram Mordiya.In the board meeting, a decision was also taken that the applicants of MIG and HIG category shall be asked to submit their income tax return as part of supportive documents. \"Earlier, the applicants had to submit an affidavit of their income. However, many applicants had submitted forged documents in the past,\" said an official.The decision to allow government employees to develop a group housing scheme was also taken by the board. \"A group of government employees can approach the board for allotment of land to develop group housing scheme. Its employees have to decide whether they will develop the scheme on their own or want the board to develop it.\"\"According to the proposal, the board will allot minimum 750 square metres. However, the decision on minimum number of employees required to develop the group housing scheme will be taken soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16597326", "title": "A day later, \u2018devil\u2019 in uniform axed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after a student of Government College for Girls, Sector 11, complained that she was teased by a man in uniform, police on Friday identified the culprit as a home guard volunteer and removed him from duty. During an interactive session with SSP Naunihal Singh in the college, the girl complained on September 27 that the man wore a name tag displaying his name as Om Sharma. Waking up to wide criticism, police have decided to prepare a set of procedures to deal with cases of eve-teasing and molestation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16597753", "title": "Phone jammers in Gujarat jails to be upgraded, CCTVs inside barracks", "text": "VADODARA: Sneaking mobile phones and using them in central jails in the state won't be easy anymore. Struggling with constant influx of mobile phones in the jails, the prison authorities are planning to usher in new technology to curb the menace.Three different projects are on cards, two of which would take off by the end of this financial year. The government is planning to install mobile phone jammers in the jails that would jam signals of third and fourth generation phones.The jails currently have jammers, but they are not equipped to intercept 3G and 4G waves. And to prevent sneaking of mobile phones in jail, the prison department will install body scanners at the entrance. \"We are upgrading the technology in mobile phone jammers to suit 3G and 4G mobile phones. Due to some loopholes, the inmates sometimes sneak mobile phones in the jails. And, many of them now use 3G or 4G mobiles that the jammer isn't able to interrupt,\" inspector general (prisons) P C Thakur said.\"The state government has already approved the project and Bharat Electronics Ltd has begun survey. We are hoping that the project would take off by the end of this financial year,\" Thakur told TOI. To prevent rampant usage of mobiles and curb illegal activities in the jail, the prison department has also decided to install closed circuit televisions (CCTVs) in prisoners' barracks.The CCTVs will be installed in major jails at a cost of Rs 12 crore. \"The CCTVs will constantly monitor and record all the happenings in the barracks. This will deter the inmates from resorting to any illegal activities inside the jail. We have already installed CCTVs in Rajkot jail and Ahmedabad and Vadodara central jails are next on the list,\" said Thakur, adding that Police Housing Corporation will handle the project.\"We are also planning to bring in full body scanners like the ones installed at the airports. Anyone entering the jail premises would go through the body scanners. This will prevent sneaking of any illegal item inside the jail,\" Thakur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "16597572", "title": "11 teachers face disciplinary action for creating ruckus at CM's meet", "text": "DARBHANGA: The district education department has recommended disciplinary action against 11 contractual teachers, including three women teachers, who created ruckus at the 'Adhikar sammelan' of chief minister Nitish Kumar held on KSDSU campus on September 26.Darbhanga district education officer (DEO) Chandra Shekhar Kumar has written letters to the BDOs of Jale, Hayaghat, Bahadurpur, Hanumannagar and Gaurabauram blocks to ensure action against these teachers by the panchayat and block level appointment units as per the Bihar Rajya Shikshak Niyojan Niyamawali-2012. The BDOs have been asked to take action within the three days of receipt of letter. The BDOs, incidentally, received the letters on Friday. The DEO has also informed Darbhanga DM Narmadeshwar Lal and principal secretary of education department Amarjeet Sinha about the move. The DEO told TOI on Friday that he has taken this action after instructions from Sinha.The DEO called a meeting of BDOs and other officers concerned on Thursday, in which the teachers who created disturbance at the chief minister's meet were identified through photographs and video clips collected from various sources. On the basis of these clips, 11 teachers, namely, Uday Chandra Mishra, Nasir Ahmad, Raja Ullah, Krishna Paswan, Balram Ram, Sanjay Mahto, Shravan Kumar, Shageer Ahmad, Premlata, Biva Kumari and Meena Kumari were identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16596102", "title": "Railways to run 2 special trains", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to clear the extra rush of passengers during festivals, Railways have decided to run special train number 08033/08034 Shalimar-Haridwar weekly special and 04208/04207 New Delhi-Lucknow weekly special Express. The train number 08033 Shalimar-Haridwar weekly will depart from Shalimar on every Sunday from September 30 till October 7 at 05.20 p.m. to reach Haridwar at 11.35 p.m. the next day. In the return direction, train number 08034 will depart from Haridwar on every Tuesday from October 2 to 9 at 04.05 a.m. to reach Shalimar at 01.55 p.m. the next day.The train will have stoppages at Kharagpur, Tatanagar, Purulia, Bokaro Steel City, Gomoh, Koderma, Gaya, Dehri On Son, Sasaram, Mughalsarai Jn., Varanasi Jn., Lucknow Jn. and Moradabad Jn. stations.On the other hand, train number 04208 New Delhi-Lucknow weekly special will depart from New Delhi on every Tuesday from October 2 to November 27 at 11.55 p.m. to reach Lucknow at 10.15 a.m. the next day. In the return direction, train number 04207 will depart from Lucknow on every Wednesday from October 3 to November 28 at 11.30 p.m. to reach New Delhi at 07.30 a.m. the next day. The train will stop at Ghaziabad, Moradabad and Bareilly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16596712", "title": "Report on pool death in a week, state tells HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The government on Friday informed the Madras high court that investigators will complete the probe of the drowning death of a Class 4 student of Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan Senior Secondary School soon and the state will submit a report on the inquiry to the court within a week.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice A Arumughaswamy, before which the petition came up for hearing, posted the next hearing of the case to October 10.\"The investigation report has not been produced so far,\" the bench had said in an interim order. During the hearing, the parents of M Ranjan, who drowned in the swimming pool in his school last month, said that they had not been examined.The public prosecutor denied this but the parents said eyewitnesses were also not examined. The bench said such objections could only be raised after the final probe report is submitted.\"As far as allegations of non-examination are concerned, the parents are at liberty to file an affidavit and explain their stand,\" the bench said in the order.Ranjan, a Class 4 student of PSBBSS School in KK Nagar, was attending a swimming class in the school's swimming pool on August 17 when he collapsed while getting out of it. The coach and other staff members rushed him to a hospital where doctors declared him dead.KK Nagar police registered a case of death by negligence and arrested five people including the swimming coach, physical trainer and the contractor in charge of the pool's maintenance. All of them were later released on bail. On August 27, a PIL filed before the high court sought a thorough investigation of the death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16596656", "title": "Unscheduled powercuts haunt Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Over the past two days, the city has witnessed powercuts extending up to several hours, both in the day and during night hours. While rostering has been scheduled between 12 noon and 3 pm, there has been a pattern wherein it begins before time and continues until half an hour after the stipulated period.On Friday, apart from the scheduled power rostering, there was no power from 11.35 am to 2 pm and between 4.45 pm and 6.45 pm. While officials blame UPPCL for the rostering and technical faults for other unscheduled powercuts, citizens allege that the city is receiving step-motherly treatment despite the fact that it pays the highest taxes in the state.Gumti's Samarjeet Singh said the rostering was inexplicable because the demand for power has gone down these days due to better weather conditions.Senior official and spokesperson for Kesco, AKS Chauhan said with limited resources at their disposal, stringent efforts are made to ensure that the faults are attended to as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16596236", "title": "Meghalaya student drowns off Candolim", "text": "CALANGUTE: A student from Shillong , Meghalaya, drowned at Candolim beach on Thursday afternoon after he was swept away for more than 100m into the sea by strong rip currents, according to Drishti response services.The deceased, Naveen Singh Rathore, 24, was visiting Candolim beach along with a group of students when they decided to go for a swim around 2.50pm at the north end of Candolim beach.Suddenly, Singh got pulled into a strong rip current, and while struggling to stay afloat, was pulled underwater and dragged around 100 meters away into the sea.Lifeguards in the area immediately rushed to his assistance and although they gave him emergency cardio pulmonary resuscitation measures, they failed to revive the tourist. He was later declared brought dead at the Candolim primary health centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16597743", "title": "First batch of hajis leaves for Mecca", "text": "MANGALORE: The first Airbus 310 that touched the runway of Mangalore airport took off with 220 Haj pilgrims to the holy city of Mecca on Friday.Minister for Haj and wakfs SK Bellubbi flagged off the first Haj pilgrimage tour of the year from the state at the Mangalore airport premises. He said that a total of 6,800 pilgrims from the state will perform Haj this year. \"Hajis will take off from Mangalore, Bangalore, Goa and Hyderabad. As many as 1,035 pilgrims will take off from Mangalore airport in five batches till October 2. Pilgrims have been provided with all facilities including food and accommodation here,\" he said.Preliminary works for the construction of a Haj Ghar in Bangalore have been initiated. The building will be constructed at an estimated cost of Rs 47 crore. One such building will come up in Mangalore in the years to come, the minister said.On introducing Airbus 310, Bellubbi said that passengers will be able to carry Zam Zam water, which is considered as a holy symbol of Haj pilgrimage, along with them as there will be more space in the flight. \"Earlier, hajis had to wait for days to clear their baggage. Hence, they were not able to take home the Zam Zam water on the day of arrival. Passengers are expected to take along Zam Zam water along with their luggage in the Airbus,\" he added. Airport authorities had made all arrangements for pilgrims at the old terminal of the airport.Hassainar, a pilgrim from Jalsoor said that he was happy with the arrangements made by the authorities. \"I have not face any inconvenience here as all facilities were provided,\" he added. Pilgrims from Mangalore will start taking off from Mecca after performing Haj from November 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16595476", "title": "Odisha prods Centre on fertilizer policy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has asked the Centre to make a policy intervention and timely supply of fertilizers so that the state can come up to national average by 2016-17.Agriculture minister Debi Prasad Mishra made this demand at a conference of agriculture ministers held at Kolkata on Thursday. Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar inaugurated the conference. Agriculture ministers of seven states including Odisha, West Bengal , Bihar , Jharkhand , Chhatishgarh, Uttar Pradesh and Assam attended.Mishra said Odisha was aiming at attaining the average productivity of rice at par with the national average within the next three years and strategies had been prepared for this purpose. He reiterated that the Centre should address the abnormal price rise in fertilizer which is unaffordable by the farmers in Odisha and non supply of balance fertilizers in time to keep the soil health intact and rise in productivity.He stressed that the Centre should address the genuine issues of farmers taking regional ground reality in order to achieve the desired target in raising rice and other crop productivity under Bringing Green Revolution in Eastern India (BGREI).The agriculture minister further demanded that 5 lakh MT more storage space should be created by FCI and the Central Ware Housing (CWH) corporation afresh for which the state government is willing to provide land at a concessional rate. To address the issue, the CMD, FCI and MD, CWH Corporation agreed to construct the godowns for storage of food grains.He also requested to give support to integrated Mandis and value chains and to build the robust mechanism linking with domestic and export market also that the farmers can get more income.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16595676", "title": "Dr Sachan committed suicide, says CBI", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has concluded that Lucknow's deputy chief medical officer Dr YS Sachan had committed suicide as it could not find any evidence of murder. The agency submitted its final report before the special CBI judge Neelmani Kant Tripathi on Friday.Dr Sachan, an accused in the 5,700-crore National Rural Health, was found dead in mysterious circumstances inside the Lucknow jail on June 22, 2011. Police also accused him of hatching the conspiracy to kill his two bosses - CMOs Dr VK Arya and Dr BP Singh. A judicial probe into the incident had earlier concluded that Dr Sachan was murdered. The court now has the option to accept the CBI's closure report or direct the agency to make further investigation into the matter.The CBI has also recommended departmental action against three jail officials including the then inspector general (jail administration and reform services) VK Gupta for their acts of omission and commission which have led to suppression of some extremely important pieces of evidence. The court has issued notice to Malti Sachan, the widow of Dr Sachan and complainant in the case, to respond to the CBI report on October 16 next.Filed after 14 months of investigations into the case, the 108-page report cites findings of a panel of experts in forensic science from All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), New Delhi, which reconstructed the scene of crime at the actual site and concluded that death was caused by \"ante-mortem (prior to death) hanging associated with multiple suicidal wounds.\" The report says there was \"no injury on inaccessible parts of the body of Dr Sachan and there were no cuts on clothes\".The CBI report states that being a doctor himself, Sachan was well aware of the human anatomy and inflicted injuries in vital areas including neck, elbows, arms, wrist and groin, which are \"common sites\" of wounds in suicide cases. All the injuries were muscle-deep suggesting 'hesitation wounds' which are common in suicide cases. \"The twin parallel incised wounds on the wrist and both elbows are suggestive of self-inflicted wounds,\" the report says.The investigating agency claimed that Sachan first attempted to commit suicide by \"inflicting incised wounds\" but remained unsuccessful as it did not cut any major blood vessel resulting in very slow bleeding. It states that under apprehension of being noticed by someone, who might save him, \"he first tried to sit on commode, applied slipping knot with the belt and hanged himself.\"\"Presence of clotted blood on the fingertips of the right hand of the deceased indicates self-infliction of wounds. All dripping/tricking of blood on side wall of the toilet, presence of blood drops in the wash-basin and tricking of blood on the arms and legs of the deceased indicate that he was standing/walking while he was bleeding,\" the report says.\"Presence / recovery of hair of the deceased from the sill of the ventilator of the toilet indicates that the buckle end of the belt was entangled in the ventilator by deceased himself. Presence of blood on the grill of the ventilator also proves this fact,\" the report concluded. The agency said medical board and expert's report suggest that injuries were suicidal in nature which is in consonance with other evidence which came on record indicating that it was a case of suicide.\"During financial year 2010-11, a total amount of Rs 19.35 crore was spent by the office of CMO (family welfare) under NRHM scheme in Lucknow district. During his tenure of three months as in-charge CMO (family welfare), Dr Sachan had spent Rs 8.21 Crore. Thus during his very short tenure, he spent a substantial amount,' the report claims.The report talks of how Sachan was under pressure after his alleged role in the murder of Dr Arya and Dr Singh in which he was named as accused while he was in jail following his arrest in connection with the irregularities in the NRHM scam. The report also refers to the findings of another CBI probe which has revealed that murder of Arya allegedly by shooters hired by Sachan and subsequent arrest of wrong persons by Lucknow Police in the case emboldened him.The report states \"Evidence has come on record to the effect that Sachan had been alleging that CMO AK Shukla, who was also named in one of the FIRs filed after the scam surfaced, was not being arrested and only he was being targeted. He even wrote a letter on June 11, 2011 threatening to reveal Shukla's involvement in the murders of CMOs in order to pressure him and police but this threat did not yield the desired results.\"Dr Sachan who was arrested and detained in Lucknow district jail in connection with the multi-crore NRHM scam in Lucknow's CMO office was found dead in mysterious circumstances inside Lucknow jail on June 22, 2011. After much hue and cry, a judicial inquiry was conducted by chief judicial magistrate Rajesh Upadhyay, who submitted his report on July 10, 2011, saying that the circumstances clearly indicated that Dr Sachan's death was a murder. Thereafter, hearing a public interest litigation, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on July 13, 2011 directed the CBI to take up the probe and expeditiously complete it in three months. However, the CBI took several extensions from the high court to conclude the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16597095", "title": "Mehul fires six in Republicans win", "text": "MUMBAI: Exhibiting some excellent scoring prowess, youngster Mehul Kadam fired in six goals, including a hat-tick to power Bombay Republicans to a 9-0 win over BARC in a Third Division match of the Mumbai Hockey Association (MHA) League - 2012-13, played at the MHA Stadium, Churchgate on Friday.Mehul scored the opening four goals for Republicans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16596887", "title": "I\u2019m a difficult person to deal with, CJI Kapadia says", "text": "NEW DELHI: On his last day as Chief Justice of India, SH Kapadia was unusually candid. \"I am a difficult person to deal with,\" he said with a tinge of emotion as he bid farewell to judicial service, which he entered 21 years ago as a high court judge and left as the head of the country's judiciary.Why was he a difficult person? His integrity was impeccably above board, but he expected everyone to be like him. He was studious and romanticized constitutional provisions - as he did in the P J Thomas case by ruling that high integrity was integral to high posts - and expected all judges to spend time with the Constitution on a daily basis to understand the nuances.Justice Kapadia may have meant well while intending to give a fresh coat of integrity to the judiciary with high personal standards. But it was in his nature to suspect a motive behind invitations, request for meetings and interactions that made him a lonely person. So much so that he did not even have social interactions with fellow judges of the Supreme Court.The extreme way of practicing honesty and integrity and not allowing even a speck of corruption to taint his personal image cost him a lot personally and shadowed the cordial atmosphere of the inner corridors of the highest judiciary, affecting the discussions among senior judges, so very essential to the process of appointment of high court judges.He knew about the unintended fallout of his nature when he confessed at the farewell function organized by Supreme Court Bar Association (SCBA) that \"I am a difficult person to deal with\".A few days back, he said that though he mostly decided tax matters as Chief Justice of India, his first love was the Constitution, a subject he liked but did not dwell on while being CJI except for a few crucial issues - right to education and right of media in covering ongoing criminal trials.Justice Altamas Kabir, who will take oath as the new CJI on Saturday, was like a traditional Bengali gentlemen at his polite best at the farewell function. \"Fitting into Justice Kapadia's shoes is indeed difficult,\" he said though there was talk that he and Justice Kapadia did not share a great personal equation.Hard work and sheer will to achieve propelled Justice Kapadia to the highest post in judiciary. The outgoing CJI reflected on the grinding years, \"I was earning and learning. From 7 to 10 in the morning, I went to a morning college and then rushed to work, many a day remaining hungry. I was given no salary but the firm where I did odd jobs covered my college fees. Destiny took over one day as the firm's secretary was ill and I was asked to prepare a note on a legal case of my employer who had large agricultural lands. The firm's lawyer Rustom Gangrat read the note and enquired about me. He gave me the first brief and stood by me. Today, whatever I am is because of him.\"Few remember their benefactors. Justice Kapadia is surely one of them. He is large hearted. So, it seemed natural when he said, \"I have done my duty and no more.\" He believes in destiny and god too, for he thanked them for showering him with whatever he had achieved.The audience was touched. So was Justice Kabir, who was a little emotional when he said, \"He (Kapadia) is a true replica of Abraham Lincoln \u2014 from the streets to White House. By sheer hard work, he has made it to where he has come.\"Justice Kapadia would have been popular with all kinds of employers. He did not take a single day's leave in his 21-year-long career. He praised his wife for this rare feat. He said, \"In our Parsi culture, we respect our wives. I believe the country which respects its women will always come up. Those who don't respect, they suffer.\" The morale of this dawned faster than other values extolled by Justice Kapadia, for this remark drew loud applause.Attorney general GE Vahanvati too received praise from Justice Kapadia. The CJI said, \"He has been the interface between the Chief Justice of India and the government by which we could secure large sums of money for the institution.\"On the standard and quality of Indian judiciary, Justice Kapadia said, \"After my visits to England and Australia, I can say with authority that we have some of the best judges internationally in the Supreme Court and in the country.\" As a parting piece of advice, he said, \"Judges cannot change the world. But if you dispense duty as per the Constitution, you serve the country and the institution.\"Justice Kabir attempted to set the record straight about Justice Kapadia's aloofness at all functions arranged by the Bar. \"Although you have seen his stern exterior, but it was all said with interest of the institution in mind,\" he said, adding that not just his integrity, but even his wisdom made him a valuable asset.Post-retirement, Kapadia plans to spend time with his family in his Andheri house in Mumbai. \"For nine years, they have sacrificed for us what they have not got from us,\" Justice Kabir said, quoting the CJI's wife. SCBA president P H Parekh threw light on another unknown facet of the outgoing CJI when he said no one could break Justice Kapadia's record - he was the first CJI to be born after India attained independence.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "patna/khagaria", "code": "16597862", "title": "Attack on CM's convoy a conspiracy: SP", "text": "PATNA/KHAGARIA: The attack on CM's convoy and other police vehicles, including that of DGP Abhayanand, at Khagaria on Thursday was part of a conspiracy hatched by youth wings of some opposition parties, said Khagaria SP Mithoo Prasad on Saturday.Prasad said Khagaria police on Saturday arrested 35 persons in connection with the attack on CM's convoy and vandalism in the town. The SP, however, refused to name the organizations whose workers were allegedly involved in the attack.The SP said an FIR had been lodged against 75 named accused and 600 unknown persons for brick-batting, arson, setting ablaze vehicles and damaging government property. Meanwhile, even after 24 hours of the Khagaria incident, senior officers at the state police headquarters were reluctant to comment on it. State DGP Abhayanand said he would not comment on the issue till investigation in the case was over. \"I cannot drop names because I am not a politician. I have to take responsibility of whatever statement I make,\" he said. ADG (HQ) Rabindra Kumar said he was yet to get the report about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16594919", "title": "Special stamp to mark CoP-11", "text": "HYDERABAD: A commemorative stamp is to be released to mark the 11th 'Conference of the Parties' (CoP-11) to the convention on biodiversity which is scheduled to begin on October 1.Sources in the postal department in the city told TOI that India Post, Delhi will release the stamp on October 16 in Hyderabad. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will release the stamp at the CoP-11 meet.However, the authorities in Delhi have neither disclosed the stamp's design, the graphic on it or the price fixed for sale. The stamp will reach the city on October 16 in a sealed cover.It is learnt that there is a proposal to open a post office at the CoP-11 venue to extend services like e-post, money transfer, etc. apart from the sale of definitive and commemorative postage stamps to the delegates who would be visiting from all over the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16594890", "title": "Naidu not cowed down by Rayalaseema leaders' threats", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two days after his letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Telangana triggered a crisis within the party, TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu dubbed it as another passing cloud and refused to comment on the threats of resignation by some MLAs and leaders.He said everybody had a right to criticize the party policies. He hastened to add that he was not unduly worried by the threats of a few leaders. \"If they want to resign, let them go. The party is supreme,\" he said. Notwithstanding his assertions, Mantralayam MLA of the party Y Balanagi Reddy termed Naidu as 'Rayalaseema drohi (traitor)' and said he had yet again showed his true colours of political deceit. He said people would teach him a fitting lesson for ignoring the interests of Rayalaseema and pandering to pro-Telangana lobby.Earlier, speaking to select newsperson on Friday on his maha padayatra, Naidu lambasted opposition parties for trying to buy MLAs and MPs. \"This is not a new phenomenon for the TDP. When NTR became the chief minister, the Congress tried to undermine us by buying MLAs. But we won the immediate elections,\" he recalled.He said when PV Narasimha Rao was the Prime Minister, a few TDP MPs were wooed by the Congress. \"Late YSR shamelessly wooed two of our MPs and promised one of them TTD chairmanship,\" he said and added that he took all the decisions after much introspection and keeping people's welfare in mind. On his recent letter to the PM he said that the TDP would definitely spell out its stand on Telangana at the all-party meeting as and when it is convened. He said he had no idea whether the Congress would call for the meeting.On his padayatra, Naidu said that it was a hard decision for him to undertake such an arduous yatra but he was pushing himself to convince and motivate people on the pathetic conditions and lack of governance in the state. \"I feel responsible towards the people who have respected us as party in the last 35 years and I am sure my padayatra will ensure the party's win in the 2014 elections,\" he said.He also said that it was not a conscious exercise to strike an emotional chord with the masses. \"My credibility is that I worked for the government and people. But some people are questioning my credibility and I am open for a debate on that,\" he shot back.Naidu went on to say that his brother in law Balakrishna is welcome to join his padayatra. However, he brushed aside reports that he was actively pushing his son Nara Lokesh into the party. \"Lokesh's role is limited only to help me out,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16595574", "title": "Congress responsible for people's woes: Akhilesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Friday launched a veiled attack on the Congress and hinted that the ruling party has not done enough to develop the country since Independence, Akhilesh said the absence of \"right schemes\" added to India's problems in the intervening years.Akhilesh, who was in Lalitpur on the second day of his two-day Bundelkhand visit, was speaking at a function to distribute funds under two flagship Samajwadi Party's schemes - Kanya Vidya Dhan and unemployment allowance. \"India witnessed many problems because the right schemes were not made after we attained freedom. The common man had to suffer due to this,\" he said.Promising to launch a number of schemes for farmers and youth if the SP is voted to power in 2014, Akhilesh reiterated that his party would bring all-round development to Bundelkhand, which he called a priority area for the state government. Stating that the Samajwadi Party government cares for the farmers and development of villages, the CM said additional funds had been earmarked for this purpose in the budget. Emphasising on the tourism potential of Lalitpur, Akhilesh said his government would undertake and fund tourist projects here. He added that Ranchordham has been identified for development. Promising a slew of initiatives for the region, Akhilesh also announced the construction and widening of several road projects in the region.In the education sector, the CM promised new PG courses at the Lalitpur Government Degree College and said that the Poorakanla Gram Peyjal Yojana and the Mathuradang Gram Samuh Yojana would be initiated to end the persistent water crisis.During his visit, Akhilesh also inspected the power plant at Buraugaon (Chiglaua) Mirchwara. Vice-chairman of Bajaj Hindustan, KN Bajaj said the work on 660 MW in the first unit of the 1,980 MW plant is in progress and production would begin by September 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16597152", "title": "Social outfit repairs Jamshedpur road as Railway looks other way", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Upset over the indifferent attitude of the Tatanagar Railway towards reconstruction of the dilapidated Bridge Road, connecting Burmamines to Baghbera and Jugsalai, the volunteers of a social outfit on Friday carried out repair work to make the stretch smooth ahead of the pujas.The 40-odd activists of Akhil Bharatiya Yuva Sabha (ABYS) started the repair work by filling the potholes on the 350ft-long lane with soil and sand on the first day. The repair work would be completed in two days time.\"Given that it is a busy street we have to work cautiously. It will take a day or two to get the job accomplished,\" said Satbir Singh Somu, president of ABYS. He said the purpose behind choosing this day for 'shram daan' is to honour the legendary freedom fighter Sardar Bhagat Singh on his 105th birthday.Somu said despite repeated pleas from political and social organizations the local railway authorities remained indifferent to the problems of the locals commuting through this road for several years now.\"We understand it is under the jurisdiction of the railway so the railways get repeated requests for road reconstruction. But what about the local corporate houses? They could have come forward for the same,\" an ABYS activist said.The congested Bridge Road, which is an approach road to the railway over bridge ( ROB ) adjacent to the Tatanagar railway station, is jam-packed during the peak hours. \"The road was reconstructed at the time of hosting CWG 2010 Baton Relay event and shall be repaired once the weather improves,\" a PWD official at Tatanagar railway said.Msostly, the residents of Baghbera, Pursudih and Jugsalai travel through the potholed road to reach Burmamines, Sakchi and Telco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16597265", "title": "Peace ambassadors \u2018wed\u2019 Punjabi style", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The international ambassadors of peace experienced the liveliness of Punjabi culture on the first day of the International Youth Peace Festival on Friday.Among the guests from China, Afghanistan, Philippines and Sri Lanka, six boys and girls dressed like brides and grooms and a mock marriage was held for these couples.The international delegates were taken to Sarangpur where the gram panchayat welcomed them with beats of dhol and pied pipers. The couples were taken on a wedding procession through the village, which culminated with their participation in bhangra along with the local artists. The guests also enjoyed the traditional platter of \"sarson ka saag\" and \"makki ki roti\".\"Punjabi weddings are fantastic with so many people dancing along to celebrate the marital affair,\" said Evan from China.Angel from Phillipines said the culture here is entirely different from theirs as they first date the groom for sometime before marriage. \"But, it is a lot more fun to be an Indian bride,\" she beamed.German Qi Bohenen, who enjoyed the luxury of posing as a bridegroom, said he had seen an Indian wedding in a movie but being a part of one is a totally different experience.\"I wish my real wedding is held in the same manner. This is wonderful,\" said one of the brides for the day Jeevanee from Sri Lanka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16594669", "title": "Foster dad didn\u2019t allow her to talk to real parent", "text": "INDORE: Five-year-old Shivani, who was killed by her foster parents could talk to her biological mother just once in last four months as she was not allowed by her murderers , said her biological father Param Singh.The shocked father of the deceased child arrived here on Friday. Jolted, initially he was not able to talk. After sometime, he somehow gathered strength and said that Rajesh Sengar (the main accused) is his cousin.\"Rajesh approached me around four months ago and asked if he could adopt my child as he is issueless has been thinking to adopt a baby. It will help him and his wife who sometimes falls sick and has to live all by herself. The girl could at least give her a glass of water and also keep us busy,\" said Param Singh.I had four daughters, so I allowed Rajesh to adopt Shivani thinking this could be mutually helpful as the girl would get a better upbringing and the couple would get a child, he added.Meanwhile, Member of State Commission for Protection of Child Right (MSCPCR) Rita Upmanyu also visited MY Hospital and met the father of the deceased. Talking to ToI, she told that she will try to ensure a fair justice to the parents of the deceased child. \"We will do our best and will put pressure on the administration so that the justice for the deceased is delivered soon.\"About providing monetary relief to the deceased parents, she said she will try to will try to convey it to the home state of the victim, which can ensure help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16596299", "title": "Petrol pumps may run dry on Oct 2-3", "text": "MUMBAI: Motorists could face a shortage of petrol and diesel at fuel pumps on the evening of October 2 and morning of October 3.Petrol pump owners have decided not to purchase fuel on October 1 and 2. This means that most pumps may run dry by the evening of October 2. The owners are demanding implementation of the Apurva Chandra committee report and a hike in the dealers' commission.Ravi Shinde of the petrol dealers' association said: \"We have decided to protest by not buying petrol and diesel on Monday and Tuesday. We will serve the customers till the last drop of fuel available at the pumps. The oil companies should be held responsible for any inconvenience caused.\"Shinde said on October 15, the pump owners would intensify the stir by working only one shift\u20149am to 5pm. \"This means that you have to queue up during the day, like autos and taxis, to fill petrol and diesel,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16597474", "title": "Supreme Court quashes high court order on 5 rebel Haryana Janhit Congress MLAs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday quashed the Punjab and Haryana high court order which had restrained five Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC) MLAs from joining the ruling Congress till the assembly speaker decides on their disqualification.A bench headed by Justice Altamas Kabir, however, asked the Haryana speaker to decide within three months the issue of MLAs' disqualification.The apex court on January 4 had stayed the December 20, 2011 judgment of the high court on a special leave petition (SLP) by the Haryana assembly speaker and some of the aggrieved MLAs, questioning the verdict.The high court had ordered that the five MLAs be treated as unattached members, belonging neither to the Congress nor HJC and that they would not hold any office.The high court had passed the order on HJC leader Kuldeep Bishnoi's petition, questioning the Haryana assembly speaker's decision to treat the alleged defection by five of his party MLAs as merger of his entire party with the ruling Congress party.In Chandigarh, chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda said the speaker should honour the decision of the Supreme Court, which has asked him to decide the issue related to joining of HJC MLAs from joining the ruling Congress within three months.\"This is decision of Supreme Court. We should honour this. And speaker should also honour the verdict,\" Hooda said while addressing a press conference at Chandigarh. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16596658", "title": "Food centres struggling for survival", "text": "VARANASI: Despite the growing interest for food processing among people, the Government Food Preservation and Training Centres under Varanasi division are struggling hard to survive.While the two preservation centres of the district, which were running in prime locations at Lahurabir and Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW), have already been closed, the existing centre at Banaras Hindu University (BHU) premises and one centre each at Jaunpur, Ghazipur, and Chandauli districts are also facing the air of red-tapism.When TOI tried to take stock of Government Food Processing and Training Centre under the department of Horticulture and Food Processing, Uttar Pradesh at divisional office, Varanasi, several shocking facts surfaced. While the position of the principal who heads all centres in the division is lying vacant for past three years, food preservation centres at Ghazipur, Chandauli and Jaunpur districts do not have centre in-charge and function under the observation of lab technicians and assistant in-charges.Notably, at government food preservation centres, people are trained to adopt contemporary methods of preserving fruits and vegetables by preparing jam, jelly, squash, drinks, pickles and other items, which can be stored for long run. Apart from training and helping locals in preparing processed food on no profit no loss basis, these centres also organise special vocational camps to impart professional training to men and women interested to set up a food processing industry and at the same time provide self employment opportunities to unemployed youth.According to centre in-charge, BHU premises, KK Singh, who is also looking after the work of principal at divisional office, several complaints have been made to higher authorities regarding the vacant positions, however no steps have been taken in this regard. Moreover, lack of manpower is also creating hurdles in conducting camps, classes, and training programmes. \"Apart from that, our funds and targets have also been lowered, because of, which we have to return people who bring their materials to prepare processed food under our guidance\", informed assistant in-charge, BHU centre, VR Verma.While the target of each centre has been reduced from 25,000 kg a year to 3000 kg of food preservation per year, funds allocated for the centres are not sufficient to carry out entire functioning of the machinery. \"We are getting only Rs 70,000 to Rs 80,000 a year to run all the centres in the division, which is too low to carry out targeted work\", informed, Singh. Earlier, they used to get a fund of Rs 1.5 lakh for this purpose.\"Due to this reason, many people have lost faith in our centres, while there is an increased enrollment of men and women at private coaching centres for cooking, canning and bakery courses.The regular inflow of people who would come to prepare jam, jelly and squashes for their own use has reduced considerably from around 500 people a day to 20 to 25 people per week\", informed Nagendra Singh, assistant in-charge, divisional centre.It may be mentioned here that, divisional office is organising a 100-day training programme in food preservation under the 12th five year plan, aiming to provide employment opportunities to unemployed rural people.\"Apart from that, a one year course in cooking and canning also runs in the centre, however, lack of manpower and resources is making it difficult to carry out practical works in laboratory for students\", informed Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16597615", "title": "5-day Mahila Udyog Mela kicks off", "text": "PATNA: With Durga Puja round the corner, the five-day fair organized by Bihar Mahila Udyog Sangh has given women here a perfect place to shop for themselves and for the decoration of their home.The fair was inaugurated by state tourism minister Sunil Kumar Pintu at Narayani Samaroh Hall on Boring Road and would continue till October 2. There is an entry fee of Rs 5. Women entrepreneurs from Maharashtra, Jharkhand , West Bengal , Punjab, Karnataka and Bihar have put up 81 stalls, including six food stalls, in all.There are also 15 free stalls. \"We have allowed women from marginalized section to set up their stalls free of any rent,\" said Pushpa Chopra, president of the Sangh. Manju Jha of Patna, belonging to the section, has put up a stall of pickles, papad, badi and various other homemade products. \"I have been associated with the Sangh for last six years and now I earn more than Rs 5,000 every month as I sell my products via mobile van,\" she said.Chopra told TOI, \"Our members are getting contracts from various national-level companies for their product. Asha Kishore, who has put up a stall of soft toys and cushion covers, recently signed a contract with a Kolkata-based company for her soft toys.One can also buy handmade candles, envelopes, wall hangings, bags, photo-frames, dolls and handkerchiefs that have been prepared by the children of Gaighat remand home with the help of an NGO.Pooja Taneja from Lahore has brought bright-coloured georgette and chiffon saris and suits, in the price range of Rs 1,000 to Rs 7,000, with goat patti, Karachi works and embroidery. Sujata Jaiswal has put up a stall of woollen clothes that offers cardigans, stoles, baby suits and sweater starting at Rs 300.Those who like traditional style can have a look at Sunita Prakash's stall that has saris and suits with hand painting and block painting in the price bracket of Rs 1,200 to Rs 2,500. Rajasthan special bandhani saris are available here in the price range of Rs 2,200 to Rs 2,500. One can also buy cotton saris from Bangalore, Lucknawi chickan suits and stoles and saris with Madhubani paintings.This year, gents can also find kurta and shirts for themselves at the stall of Purnima Rai. In the home decor section, one can get Rajasthani items, home decor items carved on marble, paintings with tikuli art and various rare varieties of plants. On the first day, Lions Club Patna Central organized a seminar on 'balanced diet'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16597231", "title": "Special gram sabha in all villages on October 2", "text": "GUMLA: A special gram sabha will be organized in all 944 revenue villages in the district on October 2 to discuss issues related to women. The district administration has appealed to the villagers as well as panchayat representatives to attend it besides making preparations for event to be successful.In addition gram pradhans, self help groups (SHGs), school teachers, and all village level government and semi government functionaries have also been asked to take part at the gram sabha meeting. Village water and sanitation committee will be constituted and Jal Sahiya, forest rights act, public distribution system (PDS), child development project, education, health and family welfare, social security measures etc will be discussed at the meet, said DDC Punai Oraon. tnn\"Schemes under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act and backward region grant fund (BRGF) will be cleared at the gram sabha meet and beneficiaries of Indira Aawas Yojna will also be selected,\" he said, adding, \"One important issue will be land acquisition for government projects and transfer of government land but the focus will be on issues of women and ensuring their maximum participation at the meet as rural economic activities mostly rely on them especially in tribal villages.\"Women attendance in MGNREGA schemes is only 26 per cent in the district while the Act envisages at least 33 per cent, he said.All BDOs have been directed to begin wide publicity in their jurisdiction and ensure presence of their field staff. The administration has decided that minutes of the meeting will be taken down by concerned department employees and they will get it photographed too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16597338", "title": "Girls fight the war on Facebook", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The spate of sexual harassment cases in the city has forced the girls to take their battle online to make the police aware of the problems they encounter while seeking help.A petition filed on September 20 and shared on Facebook on Thursday has already got support from 150 concerned netizens, some from as far off as Bangalore and Mumbai.Listing the hurdles that the victims face, the petition says that suscribers of most mobile service providers can't connect with woman helpline number 1091, rendering it practically useless. It also highlights that Chandigarh Police should work towards a 24x7 helpline for women, manned by sensitive police officers so that communication is easier and and response sensitive.Identifying the possible causes of this reprehensible behaviour, social activist Gaurav Chabbra, who was instrumental in getting the petition filed, says, \"Use of alcohol and drugs is one of the key reasons behind sexual harassment, so a parallel check should be initiated for this. I am just one of the initiators of the page and I have made a local girl its owner because only a female can understand another's pain.\"The online campaign is already creating an impact, and has added 150 supporters. A common thread of anger and insecurity runs through the supporters' comments. \"The city has always been safe for the fairer sex and should continue to be so. Miscreants should be dealt with strictly,\" says Ankur Jaggi, a student of Chandigarh College of Engineering and Technology (CCET).\"There is a reason why it is called the most beautiful city of the nation, and I am proud to be a part of it. I am strongly against any action that disrupts life here,\" says Subigya Basne, a businessman.The posts also echo the fear over the sheer disregard for law shown by the molesters. \"Such incidents are horrifying and it's high time security is stepped up. I hope Chandigarh can set an example for other states,\" says Jaspreet Kaur,a student of GCG 11.If such incidents are happening in daylight, how can you expect expect to be safe at night? Everyone wants a safe and peaceful environment to stay in,\" points out Nidhi Jaswa, a student of MCM DAV College in Sector 36.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16595957", "title": "HC's no to DJ during Ganesh immersion", "text": "NAGPUR: In a setback to over thousand city Ganesh Mandals, who had planned to play disc jockey - 'DJ' during immersion procession on Saturday, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Friday refused to grant permission for it. This means the Mandals have to heavily depend on the traditional music like Sandal and bands.Despite repeated requests by the petitioner - Shri Ram Ganesh Utsav Mandal of Timki - a division bench comprising justices Pratap Hardas and Ashok Bhangale refused to grant interim relief. The petitioner had challenged a circular by Nagpur commissioner of police who had banned DJ during Ganesh idol installation and immersion processions. The court was of the view that ideal place to play DJ was on lawn or inside four walls.Earlier, assistant government pleader RS Nayak strongly pleaded that playing of DJ shouldn't be allowed during processions as it led to noise pollution and also resulted in traffic congestion on roads. Prakash Jaiswal appearing for petitioner contended that their plea would become futile after Saturday if court failed to provide them interim relief. However, the judges told him that they would first hear the Maharashtra government's stand on the issue before arriving at any conclusion and rejected Jaiswal's request. The hearing was adjourned till next week. During last hearing, the court had granted notices to principal secretary, DGP, CP and tehsil police station inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16596715", "title": "Tarun Barot sent to jail in Sadiq encounter case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Encounter specialist DSP Tarun Barot was sent to Sabarmati Central Jail on Friday in connection with the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case after a special CBI court refused to grant further remand for three days.After exhausting two-day, the probe agency produced Barot before the special court and sought further remand for three days. The CBI's request, however, failed to move additional judicial magistrate H S Khutvad. The judge said that remand application did not reflect that the sleuths were able to make any breakthrough during custodial interrogation so far.The CBI claimed that Barod did not disclose the modus operandi and remained \"totally non-cooperative and evasive on the material facts\". However, the application also claimed that since the crime was committed in pursuance of criminal conspiracy, sustained interrogation could lead to discovery of facts. To seek further remand, the probe agency also contended that the accused was a police officer and involved in a fake encounter. Hence to collect evidence, his further custodial interrogation was necessary.Barot's advocate Rohit Verma vehemently opposed this application by saying that once the DSP had denied any involvement in the case, what more the probe agency could extract from him by repeating the same questions. The lawyer contended that the application for further remand was nothing but a repetition of the earlier application, and the court should not grant further remand on old grounds.After the court rejected CBI's plea, Barot raised security concerns by submitting that he was given tight security outside and he feared for his life in jail. Hence the court should order authorities to provide security to him inside the prison. The court has asked the jail officials to take care of this aspect.After the court proceedings, CBI sleuths escorted Barot out of court campus amidst his supporters, who continued to shout slogans against the central probe agency. Much like Wednesday, Barot got supporters to back him. City crime branch DCP Himanshu Shukla, few senior police officials and a couple of retired cops paid visit to Barot in court on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16595149", "title": "Ulfa threat to Guwahati, security beefed up", "text": "GUWAHATI: A group of Ulfa hardliners under the faction's newly-appointed deputy commander-in-chief (c-in-c) Dristi Rajkhowa alias Manoj Rabha is trying to sneak into the city with explosives, said intelligence sources. The group of around 17 cadres, including some IED experts, is believed to be hiding in jungles of Garo Hills in Meghalaya bordering Kamrup district.Police intensified security measures immediately after getting intelligence inputs. City police too beefed up checking to thwart any subversive activities by the Paresh Baruah-lead anti-talks Ulfa faction.\"This group is equipped with 10-15 hand grenades and some IEDs. Dristi Rajkhowa is believed to be leading them. They are trying to bring the explosives through their couriers into the city,\" said L R Bishnoi, IGP (law and order).Dristi Rajkhowa was the commander of the 109 battalion of Ulfa till 2011. He is known to be an RPG expert and is believed to be one of the close confidantes of c-in-c Paresh Baruah. Baruah promoted him as the deputy c-in-c along with Bijay Das alias Bijoy Chinese, forming a new central committee after Arabinda Rajkhowa and his followers got engaged in the peace process with the Centre.\"We are keeping a sharp vigil on the incoming vehicles,\" said a source. As per intelligence inputs, security personnel are also looking for two vans - one white and the other grey in colour - carrying explosives. On September 8, one CRPF personnel was killed and 13 others, including three CRPF men, were injured in a powerful grenade explosion at Paltan Bazaar near the rear entrance of the Guwahati railway station. Later, the Ulfa hardliners claimed responsibility of the blast. Reports indicated that Dristi and his men are taking the help of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) as the militant outfit is sheltering them. \"The GNLA and Rabha Viper Army are reinforcing Ulfa hardliner faction,\" added the source. It is suspected that RVA was floated by the Ulfa to get logistics support in Goalpara and Kamrup districts.On Thursday, two powerful bombs were recovered by security forces from Sivasagar and Gossaigaon railway station in Kokrajhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16597893", "title": "Three week delay for issue of new gas connections; no ban", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Friday said it has not banned issue of fresh cooking gas (LPG) connections and there was only a temporary three-week hiatus in new allotments pending elimination of duplicate connections.State-owned oil firms are carrying out a massive nationwide exercise to eliminate users having multiple connections at the same addresses. Pending this, new allotments are on hold, an official said.\"When a customer applies for a new LPG connection, the gas distribution agency after scrutiny sends an intimation letter informing of the allotment being made. In all cases where such intimation letter has already been sent, new connections will be issued. That is a commitment,\" he said.While new applications will continue to be accepted, the intimation or allotment letters would not be issued just yet.\"We are updating software at company end as well as at the gas agency end to take into account the recent decision of the government to restrict supply of subsidised LPG cylinders to six per household in a year. This will take minimum of three weeks,\" he said.Also, there are four different prices of LPG now \u2014 one rate for the subsidised cylinder, one for extra bottles that a household may buy after exhausting the entitlement of six subsidised cylinders, one rate for charitable and other institution and fourth a commercial price for LPG used in establishments like hotels.Besides, the oil firms are also eliminating duplicate connections \u2014 only one LPG connection on one address is allowed and the rest are being disconnected.\"All this is taking some time and in the meanwhile oil companies will not issue allotment letters to new consumers,\" he said adding the entire process would take 20-25 days.The oil ministry also issued a press statement saying \"there is no ban on release of new LPG connections\".\"To ensure that subsidised domestic cylinders are available to genuine customers, new connection requests will be accepted by all LPG distributors ...\" it said.The connections will be released on completion of KYC (Know Your Customer) formalities and de-duplication of the applicant across all the three oil companies to ensure that multiple connections are not released, the statement said.Indian Oil Corp (IOC), Bharat Petroleum Corp (BPCL) and Hindustan Petroleum Corp (HPCL) serve around 14 crore customers and deliver over 100 crore cylinders every year.\"These cylinders are subsidised by the Government up to a limit of 6 domestic cylinders per annum with effect from September 14, 2012,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16596773", "title": "Mumbai bars terrify jailed cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Senior police officials, including four IPS officers, who have been arrested in Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, have now got a severe case of jitters. All the accused are staring at their impending transfer to a jail in Mumbai with a great deal of apprehension.The transfer of these cops, accused in Sohrabuddin encounter of 2005, was made necessary on Thursday when the Supreme Court ordered that trial in this case should be transferred to a court in Mumbai.These senior cops enjoy a variety of privileges even behind bars, from daily supply of homemade food to frequent and unrestricted visit to Civil Hospital. Some even had the clout to meddle in routine transfers and postings made by Gujarat police authorities. \"The arrested cops are a depressed lot because being transferred out of Gujarat will mean that they will have to live minus their status of VVIPs behind bars,\" said a senior police official of Gujarat.No playing God nowFormer DIG D G Vanzara's status as an influential police officer and encounter specialist has hardly diminished even after his arrest. Jail manual does not create too many limitations for him. This fact was highlighted by a co-accused in the case, IPS officer Rajkumar Pandian. Pandian had filed an RTI application seeking to know the reason behind Vanzara being given extraordinary facilities like extended visiting hours, air-conditioned room to meet friends and relatives.In all cultural and academic functions held within the jail Vanzara was treated on equal footing with dignitaries with whom he sat on the dais too. Recently, he had essayed the role of Vasudev, father of Lord Krishna, in a play at the jail.Curb on movementSuperintendent of police, Dinesh MN and other Rajasthan police officials had their own reasons for spending less time in the jail. This allegation was often made before media on court campuses by the accused Gujarat policemen. The reason - Rajasthan courts often summoned them in connection with old cases. They used to pay frequent visits to Rajasthan and some of them were escorted to their homes unofficially.Check on medical 'benefits'Superintendent of police, Abhay Chudasama was the last IPS officer to be arrested in this case. CBI had nabbed him in 2010. Chudasama has spent the least time in jail citing medical reasons. First, he made an application before a court in Ahmedabad and sought to be transferred out of the Sabarmati jail citing threat from other inmates. He was transferred to Nadiad sub-jail. There he used to get homemade food everyday. He was permitted by a court to get a hip replacement surgery done and was in a private hospital in Paldi for six months. Once he was declared fit, his doctor prescribed him physiotherapy. \"Since then he has been paying regular visits to Civil Hospital in Ahmedabad and is there between 10 am and 6 pm. Several senior and junior police officials visit him in the hospitals, seeking his help in sorting out their official problems. Recently, two police inspectors who are said to be close to Chudasama were transferred out of Ahmedabad crime branch to Vadodara. Both the inspectors' transfers were reversed and the duo is back in the city.The real threatDeputy superintendent of police, Narendra K Amin had been shifted out of the Sabarmati jail when he filed an application before the court saying that he was being threatened by some of his co-accused. Amin was transferred to Vadodara jail. Amin then used to pay regular visits to Ahmedabad Civil Hospital citing a number of medical ailments. He is now admitted in a private hospital with multiple ailments.The relieved lotThe transfer of Sohrabuddin case to Maharashtra has made some cops happy too. These are those policemen and their seniors who were put on security duty each time the high-profile accused were taken out of jail, be it a court hearing or a visit to hospital. Often the accused top cops misbehaved with the junior police officers. Recently, Vanzara had fought with a police inspector when he insisted that they return to jail early since the court proceeding had completed. The other police officials who are breathing easy are in crime branch. It was the duty of crime branch officials to provide homemade food to all the cops arrested in Sohrabuddin case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16595703", "title": "Three Amravati University students injured in lathicharge", "text": "AMRAVATI: The Amravati University Students Council elections took violent turn when police and students came face to face on Thursday. Police resorted to lathicharge in which three students were injured.The point of contention was the rejection of nomination papers of Pankaj Dhandar (NCP student's wing) and ABVP's Snehal Waghmare as both candidates did not attach important documents with their forms. Enraged activists of ABVP and NCP student's wing demanded cancellation of the election process. Some students manhandled cops. To control the students police resorted to cane charge. Three students sustained injuries in the lathicharge.Speaking to TOI, police commissioner Ajit Patil denied that cops resorted to lathicharge. \"Some students manhandled the riot control police. Hence they beat some students. A DCP will inquire into the matter and we will take action against the guilty,\" said Patil.Shirin Shaikh of NCP student's wing was elected as president of student's council while Saurabh Chinchmalatpure of ABVP was elected secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16594961", "title": "Alwar toll plaza staffer shot at", "text": "GURGAON: A 25-year-old employee at the toll plaza on Gurgaon-Alwar highway was shot at in Badshapur, some eight kilometres from here, late on Thursday. The attackers, numbering around 20, also ransacked the plaza and looted Rs 1 lakh from the employee.Eleven residents of Ramgarh village were among 21 people booked by police in connection with the shooting.The victim, Aatish, a resident of Rithoj village, received a bullet injury on his leg. He was rushed to a hospital and is said to be out of danger. According to police, the shooting appeared to be a case of rivalry between two contractors belonging to Ramgarh and Rithoj villages over the contract of the toll plaza.Around 9:30pm on Thursday, 15 people from Ramgarh village reached the Badshapur toll plaza, which comprises two booths and a small office, in four vehicles including a Scorpio. They allegedly started ransacking it and beat up toll collector Aatish. They also took Rs 1 lakh from him. When Aatish opposed their move, one of the accused opened fire on him, injuring his leg. The accused fled immediately in their vehicles.Gopal Sheetla Prasad Pandey, the manager of the Badshapur toll plaza, later lodged a complaint with the Badshapur police. In his complaint, Pandey alleged that the accused had weapons, hockey sticks and rods. They shot at the toll collector and robbed Rs 1 lakh from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16597679", "title": "Vehicle theft accused flees from police station", "text": "VADODARA: An accused in vehicle theft case fled from Jawaharnagar police station on Friday morning on the pretext of going to toilet. Ashwin Patel (35) escaped from police custody at 7.15 am and was untraceable till Friday evening. Police have sent teams to his residence and are also keeping an eye on his friends to track him down.According to police, Patel gave a slip to police station officer (PSO) and another guard after coming out of the toilet. Patel was arrested by the crime branch earlier and handed over to Gotri police station. \"He was with Gotri police in a vehicle theft case. On Thursday night he was brought to Jawaharnagar police station as there is one case of vehicle theft registered against Patel here as well. We were going to produce him before the court on Friday,\" Jawaharnagar police inspector N M Gaud said.Gaud said the toilet is separate from the police station and it gave Patel a chance to slip away. \"The guard apparently got a call on his mobile and when he was attending to it, Patel escaped. We have registered an offence against Patel and inquiry is also on against the guards present on duty. Action will be taken against them too,\" Gaud told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16596370", "title": "Duo consume poison in suicide bid", "text": "NOIDA: A 19-year-old woman died after consuming poison along with her brother-in-law on Friday. Her brother-in-law, Aash Mohammad, has survived and is being treated in GTB hospital in east Delhi. While relatives of the deceased, Rehana, alleged that it is a case of honour killing, police said that they suspect it is a double suicide. Rehana's body has been sent for post mortem.According to the police, Rehana and her brother-in-law were allegedly having an affair and this could be the possible cause for the alleged double suicide. \"Probe reveals they were having an affair and consumed poison to end their lives,\" said Arvind Kumar, CO (Dadri).The police said that Rehana was unmarried and Mohammad was married to her elder sister. Mohammad works as a carpenter in Dadri. \"Details regarding the type of poison consumed by the duo and when Rehana died will only emerge after the post mortem report comes out,\" said a cop.Police added that it also needs to be probed whether both Rehana and Aash Mohammad had consumed equal amounts of poison. Cops said that they can't rule out possibility of honour killing until more evidence comes to the fore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16595481", "title": "Deadline near but 30% of Delhi without set-top boxes", "text": "NEW DELHI: With October deadline for complete digitilization of cable televisions fast approaching, Union Information and Broadcasting minister Ambika Soni stated that no extension would be given this time.Soni met Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on the issue and said that although Delhi is lagging behind other metros, she is confident that the city will meet the deadline.\"Only 70% people in Delhi have installed the digital device while 90% people in Mumbai have installed it... But I am confident that 100% household will install the digital device by October 31 as Delhi CM has assured full implementation of I&B; Ministry decision,\" she said.In future, digitization will help people access internet connection, phone connection and they can even watch TV on mobile. It is a major reform initiative in the (television and broadcasting) sector,\" Soni added.Talking on the occasion, Dikshit said a campaign will be launched soon to bring awareness on the benefits of digitilization. \"I think it is a step forward towards modernisation. Delhiites will install the device by October 31. I have assured it to the minister,\" she said.The meeting was attended by senior government officers, including excise commissioner A K Singh and additional secretary (revenue) Kuldeep Singh Gangar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16595162", "title": "Press colony in offing in Arunachal Pradesh", "text": "Itanagar: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki on Friday informed the assembly that the state government was contemplating establishing a press colony to provide foolproof security to scribes.Responding to a question raised in the house during the question hour by Trinamool Congress member Laeta Umbrey on the arrest of miscreants involved in the shooting of the associate editor of Arunachal Times, Tongam Rina, on July 15, Tuki said the case was handed over to the CBI on September 24.Unidentified miscreants opened fire on the Rina while she was entering her office. \"The police interrogated 13 suspected persons while 10 witnesses have also been examined. The fired bullet, which was recovered from the body of the victim, was sent to the forensic science laboratory for an expert opinion,\" Tuki informed.He said armed guards have been deployed at the media house round the clock and one security personnel each has been deployed at other media houses located in Itanagar and Naharlagun. \"The state government has also decided to install high-resolution CCTV cameras at all media establishments,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16597232", "title": "Governor mum on varsity act amendment", "text": "KOLKATA: While the state government was trying to sweep truths regarding farmer suicides and dengue deaths under the carpet, governor M K Narayanan did a plainspeak on these issues. But he chose to reserve his comment when asked about the recent amendment to the University Act, replacing the UGC nominee with that of the state government on the vice-chancellor search committee.West Bengal governor M K Narayanan did a plain speak on a number of issues - farmer suicides, dengue deaths - when the state government was trying to sweep the home truths under carpet. But he chose to reserve his comment when asked about the recent amendment in the University Act replacing the UGC nominee with that of the state government in the search committee meant to appoint vice-chancellors of universities.The governor was also non-committal when questioned if the amendment passed in the assembly on Friday would bring back the 'dalatantra' that Bengal had witnessed during the Left regime, the governor was non-committal. He was in no mood to be dragged into the debate. \"I have not seen it,\" Narayanan replied curtly.His open-ended statement left scope for interpretation raising questions like whether the governor had seen the amended bill or he didn't go through the proposed amendment even.A senior state government official confirmed that the governor was consulted before bringing the amendment.The governor was not in a mood to be dragged into the debate. While replying to questions on whether he was aware of such an amendment, the governor curtly said: \"I have not seen it.\" His open-ended statement left scope for interpretation whether the governor didn't see the amended Bill or he didn't go through the proposed amendment even. A senior state government official however confirmed that the governor was consulted before bringing the amendment.The governor, however, ruled out possibilities of any retrospective effect of the provisions of the amended bill on universities where the vice-chancellors have been appointed by the prevailing search committee comprising the UGC nominee, the chancellor's nominee and a representative from the university senate or court.Speaking at the second national educational conference of Don Bosco Schools on Friday, Narayanan stressed on the need of private schools to participate alongside government institutions without which Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act 2009 (RTE) cannot be successful.\"In the RTE, there are provisions of reserving 25% seats for the children from economically backward classes. The private schools may face barrier in implementing such provisions. But a major effort has to be taken to remove the blockades,\" the governor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16597163", "title": "SAIL 'steels' the thunder", "text": "RANCHI: The Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL) of Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) will start producing automobile grade steel by end of this calendar year. The plant will have production capacity of 1.2 million tonne per annum and it will be first unit of SAIL to produce automobile quality steel in the country.Executive director of SAIL's Research and Development Centre for Iron and Steel (RDCIS) Sridhar Vardarajan said that the plant for production of automobile grade steel is almost ready. \"Within a year or two, we will be able to produce around 1.2 million tonne automobile grade steel per annum,\" said Vardarajan.Talking of the three-day international conference on rolling and finishing technology of steel that will be organized by RDCIS here from October 4, he said, \"Over 200 experts from all over the world are to take part in the event to discuss latest technological development in steel rolling mills. Around 90 technical papers will also be presented by the experts on the findings to improve steel technology.\"Experts in rolling technology like Jens Barth from Germany, Carlo Piemonte from Italy, Maierl Josef from Austria and Steven Preece from England will highlight the advancements made so far during the conference.\"We expect that the knowledge of these experts will help SAIL and other companies in the country to improve steel production and also make the process energy efficient,\" said Vardarajan. SAIL alone is setting up seven rolling mills at its different units. Chief of communication RDCIS SK Mohapatra said that a total of 20 stalls will be put up at the exhibition. The companies which will put up stalls include Danieli, Jindal Steel and Power Limited, Corewire Surface Technologies and HRS Asia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16595430", "title": "Sarpanch arrested for Red links", "text": "KORAPUT: Three persons, including a sarpanch, were arrested in Malkangiri on charges of being Maoist supporters on Friday. They are sarpanch Bhikari Kirsani, Sonu Pangi and Laxman Sisa from Bododural panchayat of Khairput block. \"We had kept an eye on the trio for their involvement in Maoist activities and were waiting for an appropriate time to arrest them,\" said superintendent of police (Malkangiri) Akhileswar Singh.The trio had been detained for interrogation when they had come to Malkangiri to attend a village empowerment meeting organized by the administration on Thursday. Subsequently, they were arrested on Friday. Singh said security personnel recovered two IEDs and a pistol from the forested area of Bododural after the sarpanch's interrogation.\"Besides providing logistics support to the Red rebels, the trio used to assist them in their offensives. For the past few years, they were working as overground elements of the Maoists and informed the rebels about the movement of securitymen,\" he said.Police said during interrogation the trio confessed to their involvement in a murder by Maoists at Chalanguda and their participation in an exchange of fire between the Maoists and the securitymen at Pujariguda. \"During the Pujariguda gunbattle, Laxman Sisa was the sentry of the Maoist camp. Interrogation is on to verify their involvement in other Maoists offensives in the district,\" the SP said.The arrest of the Red rebels comes close on the heels of the murder of two gram rakhi's (village guard's) in Malkangiri district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16597047", "title": "New VC promises better days for Bharathiar varsity", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Bharathiar University is no easy pitch to bat on. And, James Pitchai, who took over as vice chancellor just a few days ago, knows it only too well. His selection as VC itself was marred by controversy as a section of the staff dusted an old case against him to question the appointment.But with the din slowly dying, Pitchai, a soil scientist of repute, is gearing up for the challenge. His task, he says in an exclusive interaction with TOI, is to raise the academic excellence of the university. And, for that, he adds, the administration, currently mired in controversies, needs to be streamlined. As for the existing allegations of irregularities, Pitchai hinted that there is likely to be a proper investigation soon.\"I am in frequent interaction with university staff, teachers and students to gather their collective opinion on the immediate steps needed to transform the university as one of the best in the country. I am committed to bring quality and accountability in its functioning. Based on the suggestions from colleagues, academic community and students, we would take steps to ensure total improvisation in its functioning,'' said Pitchai. The Bharathiar University will play a key role in fulfilling the state government's move to transform Tamil Nadu into a knowledge state and steps are on to ensure transparency and accountability at all levels of the university's functioning, he said.Pitchai said he has been interacting with the staff and students on a regular basis to get an insight into the various issues facing the university. \"I spend half-an-hour with students daily. Besides, there are interactions with the teaching and non-teaching staff on a daily basis,\" he said.Pitchai said various teaching and non-teaching posts of the university which are lying vacant will be filled soon. The lack of adequate staff is affecting the smooth functioning of the university. Many departments are run by temporary staff and guest faculties. Department heads have been complaining for long that this is affecting the quality of teaching. Steps will be taken to address this problem, Pitchai said.Basic arts and science courses are also likely to get close attention in the coming days. \"Students of arts and science courses should not be neglected and they should not lag behind students from technology courses. This is important for better career placements and prospects,\" he said. Regular training and research programmes will be conducted at the university and support will be assured for projects. Guidance will be given on channelizing funding and fellowships. Apart from this, the syllabus and course content will be revamped, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16597645", "title": "Special drive for voter list revision from Oct 1", "text": "DHARWAD: A special drive for revising the voter list will be held in Dharwad district from October 1 to 31. Those who have completed 18 years can enroll their names for the voter's identity card, according to additional deputy commissioner Mahantesh Bilagi.He noted this while chairing the voter list revision preparatory meeting held at deputy commissioner's office in Dharwad.He said, boys and girls who attain the age of 18 years on January 1, 2013 have to fill form number 6 and enroll their names in the voter's list. One lecturer from each college has been made as a nodal officer for voter's list revision. Students who have completed 18 years or will attain 18 years on January 1, 2013 can visit the nodal officer in the respective colleges and collect the form number 6 and also return the duly filled form.Besides, a separate cell has been opened at the tahshildar's office, assistant commissioner's officer, CMC , TMC, Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation for revision of voter's list and eligible people can get their names enrolled. Provision is also made to rectify the mistakes that have appeared in the voter's list namely correction of names, address and others and also deletion of names following demise of the person or staying in other places out of district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16595353", "title": "Minister posts 51 staffers to 1 college", "text": "JAIPUR: The Government PG College in Kherwada, a tehsil in Udaipur, seems to be overrun by riches in human resources, courtesy the state higher education minister Dayaram Parmar. In the past six months, the higher education department has transferred 51 faculty and non teaching staff to the college. Interestingly, Parmar represents the Kherwada assembly constituency.The postings include 10 teachers qualified to teach BEd who are without any work as Kherwada is yet to get a BEd college. A Physics lecturer and a Mathematics lecturer have also been transferred, irrespective of the fact that college doesn't have these subjects. Other transfers included eight librarians to handle 4,000 books, 13 lab assistants, one research assistant and one steno.To teach 1,300 students, the staff strength at the college is 76, of which 31 comprise teaching staff. However, the student-teacher ratio at the college (41:1) is far better than the state's premier educational institution \u2014 Rajasthan University \u2014 which has a student-teacher ratio of 56:1. In the 19 other government colleges in Udaipur, the student-teacher ratio is 350:1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16594901", "title": "Mild tension in Osmania University; non-boarders evicted", "text": "HYDERABAD: For the second consecutive day, Osmania University remained tense as violence erupted on campus on Friday morning. While several student groups held rallies, a mob of about 100 students turned violent, pelting stones at paramilitary personnel stationed outside the NCC gate. The situation was, however, brought under control within an hour as the police managed to disperse the students.Student groups burnt the effigies of political leaders who have not been supporting the Telangana cause. At the OU police station, the agitators staged a dharna demanding release of students who were allegedly taken into preventive custody in view of the Sunday's Telangana march.Meanwhile, university officials checked the rooms in all the eight men's hostels on campus with the help of the police to evict non-boarders. They have also been in touch with several student groups as part of the peace initiative started by the police department to minimise protest movements and violence on campus.\"We have been in touch with the students and there is peaceful police interference to prevent any untoward incident on September 30,\" said spokesperson of the university, B S Rao. Student groups alleged that police were picking up several of their leaders from campus to prevent mass mobilisation for the Telangana march. \"Students were picked up by plain-clothes police officers from hostels and lodged in the OU police station,\" alleged a student leader. According to students, about 150 of them were arrested and removed from the OU campus on Sunday. OU police, however, stated that only non-boarders were removed from campus hostels.Sources said several outfits including PDSU have been stationing students around the campus to hold protests on September 30. \"For the Chalo Raj Bhavan march, students from outside OU will be roped in. We already have brought students from other universities in the region including Kakatiya and Telangana varsities to participate in the protests in Hyderabad,\" said Kailash Neta, a student leader. Student leaders are stationed in Manikeswar Nagar, a slum pocket near OU. OU police have booked cases on students who took part in Thursday's violence.According to sources, after the state and T march organisers agreed to Necklace Road as the venue, the organisers wanted the event to be held for two days. However, this was firmly rejected by the state and finally both sides agreed to the event being limited to one day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16597794", "title": "Collector lambasts corpn for allowing water contamination", "text": "TRICHY: Corporation officials' reluctance to deal with grievances of farmers relating to the mixture of drainage water and irrigation water has infuriated district collector Jayashree Muralidharan. At the farmers' grievance redress day meeting, the livid collector lambasted a corporation official for not taking steps to remedy the situation and ordered measures to prevent water contamination.It was the first meeting after the release of water to the Cauvery from Mettur dam. The farmers seemed rather happy with the continuous flow of water in the river as it might help them go in for Samba cultivation this year. However, the uncertainty over the north-east monsoon has created panic among them.Among the issues discussed in the meeting, one raised by some farmers drew the attention of all as the district collector reprimanded the corporation official. R Subramanian, deputy secretary of the Cauvery Delta Farmers Welfare Association, put forth a demand before the collector to insist that corporation officials prevent water contamination in the Uyyakondan irrigation canal. He said the issue was being raised in every meeting but corporation officials did not pay heed to their demand in spite of directions from the collector. As a consequence of water contamination, crops would get affected.On hearing the issue, the collector asked for a reply from a corporation official who was present in the meeting. However, he was evasive and tried to pass the buck on to other officers. Hence the collector got infuriated and reprimanded the officer. \"It is very unfortunate to still get only a reply from you, not any result. This is the third time farmers are pointing out the issue. But the corporation has not taken any steps. Steps should be taken on a war footing to ensure uncontaminated water,\" said the collector.On the statement of finance minister P Chidambaram directing revision of price of urea, R Raja Chidambaram, state president of the Tamilaga Vivasayigal Sangam, said, \"The decision to increase the price of urea from Rs 298 to Rs 1,000 by reducing subsidy is ridiculous. Instead of adding insult to injury, he should take steps to prevent illegal stocking of fertilizers such as potash for making explosives and other industrial uses.\"N Veerasekaran, organiser of Ayyan Vaaikkal Paasanatharar Sangam, pointed out that the government could not fulfil its assurance of 12 hours power supply to farmers. The farmers now got power supply for only three hours and that too was not scheduled. This was further worrying them, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "saharsa/ madhepura", "code": "16597871", "title": "CM blames oppn for life bid", "text": "SAHARSA/ MADHEPURA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Friday accused his opponents of organizing attacks on his life and said he was prepared to die for the special category status to Bihar. A small group of people from the crowd threw chappals (slippers) directed at the podium when he was addressing the Adhikar sammelan at BP Mandal Stadium at Madhepura.The CM addressed people and his party cadres at Saharsa and Madhepura on Friday and asserted that he could never be deterred by disruptive tactics of his opponents who were organizing attacks on him through their stooges. \"They could hurl bombs, but I will never rest till Bihar got what is its due,\" the CM roared.\"Making a strong pitch for the special category status, he said change in the economic profile of the state will reverse the migration process of farmers and job-seekers. Besides, they will not have to undergo the kind of humiliation they are often subjected to while working outside the state,\" he said. Taking a swipe at the Congress-led UPA government, Nitish slammed the Centre for nurturing a bias against the state, which, he said, was not acceptable any more. He said many a corporate honcho are more than willing to invest in the state in the wake of significant turnaround in its overall law and order scene and highly conducive development atmosphere.There are many issues like the tax structure and others which stymie Bihar's development strategy. It could be effectively addressed only after the state is accorded the special category status, the CM reiterated. He said the Centre was obliged to engage itself with the neighbouring country in tackling flood-related problems.\"While all other political leaders organized rallies in the state either for strengthening their own political clout or widening their political space, the proposed 'Adhikar Rally' at Patna on November 4 is for the pride of the state,\" Nitish said. JD(U) national president Sharad Yadav, water resources minister Vijay Kumar Chowdhary, energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav and industry minister Renu Kushwaha also addressed the meeting.Earlier, reviewing the progress of government schemes at Saharsa, the CM directed officials to focus on law and order and accord priorities to the cases figuring under the RTI. DGP Abhayanand, Kosi commissioner Bimalanand Jha, range DIG Sanjay Singh, DM Miswah Bari and SP Ajit Kumar Satyarthi were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16595278", "title": "Bus fares, truck freight rates set to increase", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bus fares and truck freight rates are set to go up in the state soon, government indicated on Friday.After separate meetings with bus and truck owners here, commerce and transport minister Subrat Tarai said the hike will not overburden the common man while ensuring that transporters too don't sustain loss in wake of the recent diesel price hike by over Rs 5 from September 14. \"The matter (hike) will be decided by the respective technical committees soon,\" the minister told reporters here.Bus owners said if the government fails to take a decision by October 3, when the general body meeting of the All Odisha Private Bus Owners' Association is scheduled, they would agitate. \"It has been already two weeks but the government is yet to take steps. We will wait till October 3. If the government doesn't take a decision by then, we will be forced to remain off the road as running buses have become unviable after the recent fuel price hike,\" said association general secretary Debendra Sahoo.Buses constitute the major mode of transport in the state with 11,500 private buses and 260 Odisha State Road Transport (OSRTC) buses plying in the state daily.Truck owners said they are undergoing through a bad business phase because freight charges were not revised since 2008 when diesel prices were around Rs 37. \"Diesel price has increased by over Rs 12 since then, but goods charges remain unchanged despite technical committee recommendations for an upward revision twice, first in 2010 and then in 2011. We hope, the government increases the charges this time,\" said Odisha State Truck Owners Federation general secretary Rabi Satapathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16595188", "title": "Malaria cases increase in 3rd week of September", "text": "JAIPUR: The cases of malaria increased in the third week of September in comparison to the first and second weeks of the month.After the rains, the medical, health and family welfare department was anticipating that the cases of vector borne diseases would increase and they chalked out plans to prevent the spread of the disease. In the 3rd week (September 16 to September 22), around 2,750 malaria cases were reported from different parts of the state. The figures of 3rd week were higher than the figures of 1st and 2nd week. It shows that the cases of malaria are increasing.According to the medical, health and family welfare department, the cases of malaria reported in the state in September 2-8 were 1,994 but increased to 2,222 in the second week (September 9 to September 15).In the Sawai Man Singh hospital every day 5 to 8 persons are being tested positive for malaria. On Thursday, six persons were tested positive for malaria. One death due to dengue and another due to vector borne disease has already been reported in the SMS hospital, a hospital administration official said.The department's figures show that from January 1 till date, 25,539 cases of malaria have been reported in the state, which are less in comparison to the cases of malaria reported in the corresponding period last year. Last year, the department had recorded 26,443 cases of malaria. Also, the malaria plasmodium falciparum (pf), fatal malaria, cases from January 1 till date are 414, which are 706 in the corresponding period last year. The department officials said that the cases of plasmodium vivax have increased this year.Anticipating that the cases of malaria would rise further the department has directed the officials to collect blood slides of all the suspected malaria patients suffering from fever. A department official said, \"We have asked the officials to follow suspected malaria cases properly coming to hospitals' out patient department to prevent casualties. Also we have directed the officials to give report of malaria test quickly.\"The department officials claimed the situation is not alarming but they are ready to deal with any kind of situation. Directions have already been issued to all the districts in this regard, the official said.Former health minister Digambar Singh alleged that the state government has failed to prevent the spread of seasonal diseases including swine flu .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16595141", "title": "All Assam Students' Union says poachers should be shot at sight", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Students' Union (Aasu) on Friday condemned the lackadaisical attitude of the state government in providing protection to one-horned rhinoceros in view of the recent surge of rhino deaths due to poaching.The students' body demanded a shoot-at-sight order for the poachers and immediate deployment of army and paramilitary forces.The Aasu accused the state forest and environment minister Rockybul Hussain of allegedly harbouring \"foreigners\" inside Kaziranga national park and manipulating the number of rhino casualties. The union also demanded that the expulsion of \"foreigners\" from the interiors of the national park and NRC update.In the last three days, four rhinos have been ruthlessly slaughtered. Two of the rhinos had their horns cut off while they were alive and another rhino had its horn and one ear cut. Brandishing documents, Aasu cited differences in the number of rhino casualties as specified in papers shown in the state assembly by the minister and another document, which is a RTI query filed by a scribe from Jorhat.\"We have documents that show inconsistencies in the official number of rhino casualties. It is evident that the government is hiding the truth. The government has also not taken any concrete steps to tackle the issue. The forest guards must be provided with the latest equipments to counter the poachers,\" said Samujjal Bhattacharjya, Aasu adviser.He added, \"It is questionable as to why the chief minister is silent about the presence of illegal foreigners inside Kaziranga. The government is hiding facts; the numbers provided by the government relating to rhino deaths due to poaching and starvation is questionable.\"Shankar Prasad Rai, Aasu president said, \"This causal attitude must stop. The government must take the support of indigenous people in curbing the menace. There are evidences indicating an increase of Bangladeshis near the park. A CBI inquiry must be ordered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16597559", "title": "Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce president faces members' wrath", "text": "SURAT: All is not well at Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SG- state's oldest chamber of commerce. President Paresh Patel is under fire from majority of members for allegedly tarnishing the image of SGCCI and misusing the post to further his political ambition.It all started with the high profile senate election of Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU). For the first time in SGCCI's history, its president forayed into VNSGU election with the support of BJP. After winning the senate election against an old timer Hosang Mirza from the opponent group, Patel again sought the support of BJP for contesting the syndicate election of VNSGU. Unfortunately, the luck did not favour Patel this time and he was defeated two days ago.Now, Patel is facing a fresh controversy for appointing a less experienced woman candidate as SGCCI secretary. He refused to comment on the issue.Sources said some senior members of SGCCI had organized a secret meeting on Thursday for taking up important discussions on the subjects such as making amendment in the SGCCI's constitution for barring the president from contesting any election backed by a political party and opposing the decision of appointing a non-experienced candidate as the organization's secretary.\"The SGCCI president has a very short term of a year to work for the betterment of the trade and industry in the region. But the current president has wasted most of his time contesting the senate and the syndicate elections. Thus, we want an amendment in SGCCI's constitution to ensure that no president is allowed to contest any sort of election with the support of any political party,\" said a senior managing committee member.He said, \"The SGCCI has experienced staff members. They are working here for the past 25 years and are capable of handling the post of secretary. Despite this, the president zeroed in on a young woman candidate who is comparatively inexperienced.\"Another dissident member said, \"I am an active member of BJP. But since I am a textile entrepreneur and active SGCCI member, I will never get into politics. SGCCI is an apex body of trade of commerce and it should not get associated with any of political party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595407", "title": "240 lifeguards to keep vigil at 30 sites", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC is going all out to ensure that devotees can bid a comfortable adieu to the Elephant God.It has spent Rs 12 crore on preparations for the immersion. Last year, it spent Rs 8 crore.The civic body will post 240 lifeguards at 30 immersion sites and has asked the navy to help it in case of an emergency during the immersions. It has also arranged for 41 motorboats and wooden planks for devotees to take the idols into the sea. During the high tide, announcements will be made, asking people not to venture deep into the sea. Watchtowers have been erected for immersions that take place at night. The civic body has also created 24 artificial immersion spots.Beaches like Girgaum, Juhu, Dadar, Marve beach are the main spots very the immersions are carried out. Watch towers, searchlights, mobile toilets will be made available for the devotees who throng these beaches especially on the last day when the maximum number of idols are immersed.\"Medical teams from civic hospitals will be posted at all immersion spots,\"said mayor Sunil Prabhu. According to the figures given by the civic body the total number of idols that were immersed last year was around 1.87 lakh and the number is expected to rise this year.Waste generated during the immersion will be composted to generate organic manure.At Powai lake, the BMC will set up nets around the areas where these attacks have been reported so as to barricade the immersion spots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16594437", "title": "Nitin Gadkari praises record farm output", "text": "BHOPAL: BJP national president Nitin Gadkari praised the performance of the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government at the party's national council meeting in New Delhi. Addressing the BJP national council, Gadkari lauded the record agricultural growth in Madhya Pradesh.Gadkari said despite hindrances created by the UPA government at the Centre, the BJP-ruled state governments in Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Chhattisgarh showed unprecedented growth in their economies and agricultural sector. He argued that the UPA Centre did not supply the required amount of gunny bags to Madhya Pradesh when the government was acquiring wheat from farmers giving an additional bonus of Rs 100 per quintal on the minimum support price of Rs 1,285.The BJP president said the state countered the UPA's political strategies and came out with flying colours by procuring 85 lakh tonne wheat and becoming one of the three largest producers of the grain in the country. He also appreciated the \"historical\" step of laying the foundation of a University for Buddhist and Indic Studies in Sanchi by the MP government.In his speech, Gadkari said under the Congress rule, Madhya Pradesh had only 7.5 lakh hectare irrigated land. By 2012, the BJP government increased the same to 22 lakh hectare, making the state favourable for agriculture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16597692", "title": "Engineering graduates opt for banking sector", "text": "KOCHI: Banking sector seems to be the latest passion of engineering students from the state. At least half of the students who attend coaching institutes for bank tests in the state are engineering graduates. It is the failure of the engineering sector in the state to provide adequate employment that has pushed students to opt for jobs in the financial sector.\"We have around 2,000 students now. Around 60-70% of them are either B Tech degree holders or from other streams of engineering,'' said Renju Mohan, administrative manager, ICD Institute, Kollam.Kollam, which is known as the hub of bank test coaching centres, has around 40 such institutes in the district. \"There are many students who opt for a career in banking after dropping out from engineering courses. Many of them find it difficult to catch up with the engineering syllabus.In some colleges, the drop out rate is as high as 90%. But their skills in mathematics come handy for bank tests,'' said M P Sasidharan, director, IES Institute, Kollam. Engineering students account for more than 50% of the 1,000 students at the centre.Earlier, Kerala high court had expressed concern about the decline in the overall pass rate and quality of education in the engineering streams in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16597674", "title": "Hubli-Bangalore SpiceJet flight receives hearty response", "text": "HUBLI: The renewed air connectivity between Bangalore-Hubli has been received with much enthusiasm by passengers. About 50 of the 78 seats of SpiceJet aircraft flying to Bangalore from here were occupied on Thursday. Almost the same number of seats were booked on Friday too.SpiceJet started its Bangalore-Hubli operations of Thursday. Due to bad weather the airline's maiden flight from Bangalore scheduled at 7.50pm was delayed by about one-and-a-half hours, as a result of which passengers were put to inconvenience. The flight finally took off at 9.25pm and arrived at Hubli airport at 10.28pm. Staff of the airport authority of Hubli welcomed the passengers with bouquets.Belgaum regional commissioner Gangaram Baderia inaugurated the ticket checking counters of SpiceJet and gave boarding pass to the passengers. Hubli Airport director K M Basavaraju told TOI that the aircraft can accommodate 78 passengers. Among those who travelled to Bangalore from Hubli in the first trip was high court chief justice Vikramjit Sen, he added.SpiceJet takes off from Bangalore at 7.50pm and arrives at Hubli at 8.45pm. In return journey, the flight takes off from Hubli to Bangalore at 9.05pm and lands at Bangalore at 10.00pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16596657", "title": "80 primary school buildings in the district unsafe: Survey", "text": "KANPUR: Are city schools a safe place for children? The Thursday's incident in which a school ceiling collapsed in Kahukothi, leaving 19 students injured, five of them seriously, has put a question mark on the condition of primary and secondary school buildings as many of them are still running in extremely dilapidated condition. Apart from the government ones, there are several other private schools running in dilapidated buildings which may fall anytime.A government survey of school buildings in Kanpur after the collapse of roof of a primary school in Bijnor district in the first week of July in which eight children were killed, has found as many as 80 government primary school buildings in the district to be unsafe. According to sources, the same survey was also conducted for private and self-aided schools among which some 78 were found to be in a dilapidated state.According to the records of primary education department, there are around six dozen schools in the city which are on the verge of collapse, thus posing a great risk to the lives of the students studying there. The rest of the schools are also in a bad shape. As many as 80 private and self-aided schools were also found in a similar condition and were posing serious threat to children's lives. There are nearly 1,002 primary schools in the city and nearby areas, out of which 450 are running in rented buildings.According to the survey, all the dilapidated schools in primary education sector were running in rented buildings. However, the government schools are is a somewhat better shape.According to the education department authorities, around 50-60 primary, self-aided and private school buildings are in very poor condition. For instance, the primary school in Rawatpur, Bajariya and Kidwai Nagar are in a dilapidated condition. Similar is the condition of the basic schools at Chamanganj and Jajmau.\"In some private schools, students of classes I to V study in rooms which are in a dilapidated condition. The plaster keeps falling from the walls. The kids really risk their lives studying while their parents keep them away from school due to the same reason,\" said Reeta, a primary school teacher.Similar is the condition of the primary schools at Fazal Ganj, Vijay Nagar and Shastri Nagar, where the roofs of the classes leak during monsoon. The water seepage through the walls has weakened the foundation of the building.Apart from the basic schools, many schools run by the municipal authorities also violate the safety norms. As per the survey, 41 of the municipal schools were identified as 'running in highly dilapidated conditions' but no action has been taken so far to get the school buildings repaired.When the Basic Shiksha Adhakari (BSA) Raj Kumar was contacted in this connection, he said that \"the recent survey showed that many school buildings were in a poor shape. We have sent notices to their managements either to close the schools or to maintain the buildings.\"\"On the directives issued by the education department, we have conducted a survey to spot the schools running in rented buildings which are in an extremely poor condition. Although notices have been served to the building owners to get repair done, the owners have not taken any action,\" said the BSA.He added: \"According to a GO, we have to give private institutions some time for renovation, as all of them come under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan. This renovation deadline is scheduled for six months and will end in January.\"\"Till then I have asked all the identified school authorities not to run classes in old buildings. But it seems many of them are not following the orders. This is why the licence of the Kahukothi school has been cancelled. Similar action will be taken against all these school which will pose risk to children's lives,\" said the BSA.SSD Vidyalaya's Licence cancelledTaking strict action after Thursday's incident, the licence of SSD Vidyalaya at Kahukothi has been cancelled. An arrest warrant has also been issued against the school managers. The BSA authorities have decided to re-admit the kids of SSD Vidyala to nearby schools to save their academic year. \"There were nearly 110 students enrolled in the SSD Vidyalaya. We will shift the students to nearby Omar Vasya and Gyan Bharti. We will also handover the bags and stuff of kids to their parents on Saturday,\" informed Nagar Shiksha Adhikari, Narendra Pawal. The severely injured kids who were referred to Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital were also reported to be out of danger by the doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16597372", "title": "5-year-old girl kidnapped, raped", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A five-year-old girl was picked from outside her house and reportedly raped by two friends of her father in Industrial Area, Phase I, Chandigarh, on Thursday night. The girl, who was bleeding profusely, was left abandoned at the crime spot. She was later admitted in GMCH, Sector 32 and her condition is stated to be critical.Accused Sunil, 21, and Munish, 20, have been arrested and their medical examination confirmed both were drunk when they committed the crime. The identification of Sunil and Munish was established when injured victim told her parents and police that, \"I was taken by two youths who used to drink with her father.\"According to sources in police, the incident took place around 12.30am when victim went outside her house for answering the natural call and suddenly two youths appeared and picked her. Sources added, after noticing that girl was missing, mother of victim called the police through the cellphone of her neighbour and girl was recovered after the search of around one hour from a secluded area in Industrial Area, Phase I around 1.45am.Sources said, accused Sunil and Munish work in the same factory as the father of the victim works. The three used to drink together every night in the house of the victim, but on Thursday night they drank separately.SHO of PS Industrial Area, inspector Malkit Singh said following the statement of victim and her mother, a massive hunt was launched to nab the culprits and both accused were apprehended near a bus stop when they were planning to escape.Police sources said apart from two youths, seven others were also picked up during the course of investigation but later released. Accused Sunil and Munish will be produced in the district courts, Sector 17, on Saturday. A case was registered at police station in Industrial Area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16596400", "title": "Flyer from Dubai held for smuggling Rs 19L watch", "text": "MUMBAI: Customs officials on Thursday night arrested a Karnataka resident for smuggling in a Rs 19 lakh Romain Jerome wrist watch from Dubai .Officials at the international airport said that Mohammed Damda (52) had hidden the watch in his trousers' pocket. The high-end watch is made by integrating real steel from the Titanic and the Harland and Wolff shipyard where it was built, a Google search showed.Customs assistant commissioner Sameer Wankhede said that Damda, who is from Bhatkal, has a monthly income of Rs 1 lakh and could not have afforded the watch. \"He has two wives and five children and claimed to be running a garment retail business,'' he said. Damda said he had purchased the watch for Rs 60,000. \"He was probably carrying it for someone else,'' Wankhede said.\"If Damda was using the watch, he should have been able to explain the source of the funds. He has not filed I-T returns for the last two years. This proves he could not have afforded the watch and it was a case of smuggling,'' Wankhede said. Damda was granted bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16597403", "title": "SC move to protect heritage", "text": "KOLKATA: While hearing a petition moved after the Visva Bharati theft case, the Supreme Court, on Friday, directed the Union ministry of culture and the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) to file affidavits on what steps they have taken to protect the country's valuable heritage.The bench of Justice K S Radhakrishnan and Justice Dipak Mishra was hearing a petition moved by environment activist Subhas Datta after the theft of Rabindranath Tagore's Nobel medallion from a museum on the Visva Bharati campus in 2004. In his petition, Datta had said there is no physical verification of artefacts at Indian museums such as the one at Victoria Memorial Hall in Kolkata. Neither is there a specialized force to deal with the theft of valuable artefacts from our museums, Datta had submitted.\"There is the Railway Protection Force ( RPF) to guard railway property, the Central Industrial Security Force ( CISF) to protect our industries and the Border Security Force (BSF) for our borders. There is also the Special Protection Group for dignitaries. However, there is no specialized force to protect our national treasures. Such a force need not be trained in the use of assault rifles but should possess adequate knowledge on the subject,\" Datta had told the court.Datta had also suggested that physical verification of the artefacts be done once every year and the records maintained at a centralized office. The physical verification needs to be done by an external agency as there is a possibility of employees getting protection from their colleagues. In this way, the actual status will become clear, the activist had pointed out.\"We have seen that nearly 50 items are missing from the museum at Vishwa Bharati but officials aren't aware. At the same time, there have been notings made of missing artefacts that could be later traced to the museum. To avoid this, we require a centralized system. There are 60 museums across the country. The ASI is in charge of 44 of these. On Friday, the court wanted to know from the ASI and the Centre what steps they have taken to protect our heritage. The matter is expected to come up for hearing again on November 20,\" Datta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16599177", "title": "Katrina to play the desi Cameron Diaz", "text": "The actress has been finalised for Siddharth Anand's Hindi remake of the Hollywood film Knight And DayA week back, TOI told you how Hrithik Roshan in keeping with his current streak of action films, has signed Siddharth Anand's next project. The film, an official desi remake of the Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz starrer Knight And Day, required its hero to have a lean and mean acrobatic image. And Hrithik, who had recently got into superhero shape, fit the bill perfectly.However, the hunt for his perfect partner in this spy-on-the-run romantic thriller was still on. And now, we learnt that Anand has found his leading lady. Katrina Kaif , who was last seen on the big screen fighting goons alongside Salman Khan in Ek Tha Tiger , has been roped in to play Diaz's Indian counterpart.The film, yet untitled, goes on floors early next year. It is produced by Fox Star India. Infact, when contacted, the CEO of Fox Star Studio Vijay Singh confirmed that Katrina has been roped in for the venture. \"The Hrithik-Katrina pairing in Zoya Akhtar's Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara was well received by the audience. Besides, both of them are very popular with the youth,\" said Singh.Declaring that the film will go on floors in February, Singh added, \"It will be shot in India and also in the Middle East and Europe.\"According to a source close to the project, unlike the generic action thriller, this one will have the leading lady sharing equal footagewiththehero.\"Katrina's role is as lengthy as Hrithik's. She will have to do a lot of action in the film as well. Both of them will have to undergo rigorous training before the shooting begins,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16597412", "title": "NGOs join hands with Nashik Municipal Corporation for safety arrangements", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) and a group of social activists have come together to help the Godavari remains pollution-free river during Anant Chaturdashi on Saturday, when Ganesh idols would be immersed to conclude the ongoing festival.Deputy municipal commissioner (administration) and officiating municipal commissioner Deepak Kasar held a meeting with ten non-governmental organizations (NGOs) to discuss idol and nirmalya donations on Thursday.NGO volunteers will be present even at the eight artificial ponds. This year the NMC has set a target of collecting more than one lakh idols.Kasar also held a meeting with all the heads of the departments of the NMC to discuss their roles during visarjan.The group visited Gharpure Ghat where the fire department presented demonstrations on using life boats.For security purposes the fire department has kept life boats, life guards and rescue vans ready. Divisional sanitary inspectors have also been directed about their duties and tasks for their staff during visarjan. Three life boats, three ambulances, three fire fighting vans and 140 life guards have been arranged at key points along Cidco, Nashik Road and Main Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16595317", "title": "Sandalwood tree stolen from Regional Institute of Education", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Timber smugglers have stolen a sandalwood tree from the compound of Regional Institute of Education (RIE) here. The matter came to light after a college employee spotted the tree's stump on Friday.\"We have no idea how the tree was felled. I will lodge a complaint with Saheed Nagar police,\" RIE's principal K B Rath told mediapersons. Asked whether any insider was involved in the theft, he said: \"We will probe the matter.\"While this was the second such illegal tree felling incident in RIE in a year, the incident also rekindled the memory of sandalwood tree felled on the Raj Bhawan campus last year. The Capital police had registered a case following allegation of felling of two sandalwood trees in Raj Bhawan on November 19, 2011. A sandalwood tree was chopped off and stolen from the premises of an Orissa high court judge's residence in Cuttack this August.Earlier in July 2011, RIE, a constituent of National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT), was embroiled in a controversy following allegations that some employees of the institute uprooted a number of trees on the campus. The forest department conducted an inquiry and asked the college to submit a report on utilization of the trees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16598790", "title": "India's heaviest satellite GSAT-10 successfully launched", "text": "BANGALORE: India's advanced communication satellite GSAT-10 was successfully launched early on Saturday on board Ariane-5 rocket from Europe's spaceport in French Guiana.GSAT-10, with a design life of 15 years is expected to be operational by November and will augment telecommunication, Direct-To-Home and radio navigation services.At 3,400 kg at lift-off, GSAT-10 is the heaviest built by Bangalore-headquartered Indian Space Research Organisation. It was Isro's 101st space mission.Arianespace's heavy lifting Ariane-5 ECA rocket launched GSAT-10 about 30 minutes after the blast off from the European launch pad in South America at 2.48 am, prior to which it injected European co-passenger ASTRA 2F into orbit.GSAT-10 is fitted with 30 transponders (12 Ku-band, 12 C-band and six Extended C-Band), which will provide vital augmentation to INSAT/GSAT transponder capacity. It also has a navigation payload, GAGAN (GPS aided Geo Augmented Navigation) -- that would provide improved accuracy of GPS signals (of better than seven metres) to be used by Airports Authority of India for civil aviation requirements.This is the second satellite in INSAT/GSAT constellation with GAGAN payload after GSAT-8, launched in May 2011.GSAT-10 was originally scheduled for a September 22 launch, but was deferred after scientists detected a small glitch -- one gram of dust -- in the upper part of the rocket. GSAT-10 Project Director T K Anuradha, Additional Secretary of Department of Space, S Srinivasan and Director of ISRO Satellite Centre S K Shivakumar were among key ISRO officials who were in French Guiana for the launch, telecast live by Doordarshan.Shivakumar said GSAT-10 would give an impetus to the 'communication revolution' in India. ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan was at space agency's Master Control Facility at Hassan in Karnataka at the launch, ISRO sources said.\"The MCF has already taken command and control of the heavy satellite\", he said minutes after the launch.\"By November 2012, we expect to operationalise GSAT-10 and make it available to the user community,\" added Radhakrishnan, also Secretary, Department of Space and Space Commission Chairman. ISRO said GSAT-10 project is a Rs 750 crore mission that includes the cost of satellite, launch services by the European space consortium Arianespace and insurance.Arianespace Chairman &amp; CEO Jean-Yves Le Gall said at the launch base that ISRO is a highly loyal customer, as the collaboration with it began more than 30 years ago with its Apple satellite's orbiting by the third flight of an Ariane vehicle - an Ariane 1 version launched in June 1981.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16595726", "title": "Harassment charge against Tiroda Panchayat Samiti official", "text": "GONDIA: One of the operators of fisheries society of Mendipur village in Tiroda tehsil has charged an official of Panchayat Samiti (PS) Tiroda with causing harassment while granting compensation for damage to its tanks by Adani Thermal Plant.Rafik Sheikh, secretary of Adarsha Sahkari Sanstha, Mendipur, in the periphery of Adani thermal plant has said the society had taken the Mendipur and Ramatola tanks on contract from Tiroda PS. He alleged that though the Adani Thermal Plant management damaged these tanks, the extension officer (Statistics) of Tiroda PS, MS Uikey is harassing them for granting compensation. \"Leaders of Shiv Sena, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) and chairman of the finance and B&C; Vijay Rahangdale had also requested the Gondia Zilla Parishad to look in the matter but in vain,\" he said.The society, Shiv Sena and MNS have threatened to launch agitation from October 9 if no action is taken in this regard. When contacted, vice president of Adani Thermal Plant Tiroda Omprakash Bharadwas said that the management had already paid over Rs60,000 to the society as compensation. Block Development Officer SN Pandey refused to comment on this matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16596775", "title": "Radiation risk to be cut", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the harmful effects of mobile tower microwave radiations becoming a concern in major cities, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) over the past week has been feverishly counting the number of cell towers installed in the city-and looking for their proximity to schools, residential areas and hospitals.The AMC , the Cellular Operators Association of India (CAOI) and an agency, Indus towers, are toying with the idea of introducing cellular street furniture-which are high masts that will be installed along main streets at close proximity, to cut down on radiation intensity.But for public health, the AMC would have to forgo a large chunk of its revenue from service providers. This is because individual service providers pay AMC Rs 40 lakh per kilometer for digging roads while laying cables and other equipments for the cellular towers.From September 1, the department of telecom (DoT) had required that emission of electromagnetic radiations from mobile towers had to reduce to 1/10th of the existing 4.2 watts per sq meter for base transmitting stations (BTS) operating in 900 MHz band. Under new norms, the radiation has to be reduced to 0.42 watts per sq meter.\"Indus towers, which is a collaboration of the various cellular companies for installing common mobile towers has suggested cellular street furniture for highways while COAI has claimed that the masts can be put across Ahmedabad city at regular intervals away from vulnerable clusters. If done, it will be the first city in the country to do so,\" says a senior AMC official.Ironically, there are an estimated 8,000 cellular towers in Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar. In Ahmedabad, only a half of these towers -almost 1,300 are registered with the AMC, while the rest are illegal. \"It was necessary that the towers be registered with the town developing and the property tax departments and hence the work is on at the moment,\" says municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra.A study by a team led by Girish Kumar, professor in the department of electrical engineering at IIT Bombay, claims that using mobile phones for over four minutes daily, or two hours per month (over 10 years of use) increases the risk of cancer and other health hazards. The study concludes that a person, at any rate, shouldn't use cell phones for over 18 to 24 minutes per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16594694", "title": "Doctors ring alarm bells about transfats in namkeen", "text": "INDORE: Indori namkeen and local fast food served near roadside eateries in Sarafa Baazar and Chappan Dukan that make every Indroean proud is harmful for heart because of the presence of transfats, claim doctors of city chapter of the World Heart Federation on Friday. Oil when re-treated when frying food items becomes transfat, which is dangerous for human heart, said doctors.Dr Siddarth Jain, cardiologist said people of Madhya Pradesh , Malwa in particular, and Gujarat, are more prone to heart diseases because of their food habits.\"Much like Gujarat, Indoreans like namkeen and street food. All these items are prepared by re-treating oil causing concentration of trnasfat,\" Dr Jain said, adding that number of heart-related problem goes up manifold in the city in the past few years.Dr Mohammad Ali, cardiologist, said six years ago there was only one heart hospital in the city and today there are around 13 high end cardiac hospitals in the city. All these hospitals have more than 100-bed and run full all the time. \"With the rise in number of hospitals, one can imagine the increase in number of patients,\" said Dr Ali.Doctors highlighted that it is only the number that is increasing; average age of heart patients is also coming down. \"Till few years ago average age of heart patients was around 50 to 60 years, today more than 30% of the heart patients are less than 40 years of age,\" pointed out Dr Siddant Jain, adding that every year 17 to 20 lakh of people in India die because of heart diseases. Number of people dying because of heart-attack is more than the total death because of TB, malaria , HIV and AIDS put together.He stressed that it is not the male gender only that are affected by heart diseases; women and children are also getting affected by the deadly disease. \"One in every third heart patients are women,\" Dr Jain said, citing lack of physical work is main cause of heart disease.According to survey around 79% male and 83% female are not doing required physical activities. Similarly, 51% male and 48% female eat food with more fats and 60% male and 57% female eat less fruits and vegetable. Overweight is another reason for heart complication. Survey reveals that 41% male and 45% female are either obese or overweight.Dr Jain said Indore is becoming Mumbai by adopting the lifestyle of a metro, but food habit of city is worst than Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16597972", "title": "Now, send real-life gifts through FB application", "text": "NEW YORK: No more animated cattle for your friends !Social networking site Facebook has launched a new service 'Gifts' that would allow users to send real-life presents to one another, marking its first real foray into e-commerce. 'Gifts' was launched on Thursday to a subset of users in the US, and will roll out to more over the coming months, as people begin to send gifts to each other.Possible gifts till now include gourmet ice cream, Andy Warhol prints, flowers, organic dog toys and spa packages. Gifts appear as wrapped surprises on a friend's Timeline or inbox until they're opened. The recipient can then select the right size, colour, or flavour and enter a shipping address.Gift notifications come with virtual cards, but the gift packaging itself is Facebook-branded, with special paper, wrapping, stickers, and a hard-copy notecard.The icon will also show up on the right side of users' Facebook pages with the notifications for friends' birthdays, weddings and other events.If your friend's birthday is coming up in two days, you'll now see a 'give her a gift' link and the gift icon next to her name and photo. Clicking the icon will display presents you can buy, such as a Starbucks gift card, cupcakes or a teddy bear. The recipient will be notified through Facebook to enter a shipping address for the presents. In some cases, they'll be able to select their own cupcake flavours or size and style of socks.They can also exchange for other items if they don't like the gifts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595558", "title": "Evidence on Gadkari in 4 days: Damania", "text": "MUMBAI: Anjali Damania and the BJP on Friday sharpened their attacks on each other, with the BJP challenging her to prove allegations and Damania promising to do so within four days.Replying to a legal notice from BJP president Nitin Gadkari, Damania called for an independent panel to probe allegations she had leveled against Gadkari. \"I have doubts you ever spoke out on the floor of the House against the irrigation scam or the NCP. By not taking forward this fight, you have not only betrayed your own party but the entire nation,\" she said.BJP leader Vinod Tawde, who is the leader of the Opposition in the legislative council, challenged Damania to prove her allegations of business links between Gadkari and NCP chief Sharad Pawar . \"The BJP in its 2008 conclave at Jalgaon passed a resolution that the party should continue to highlight irregularities in the irrigation department and cost escalation in projects. The resolution was passed in the presence of senior BJP leader Nitin Gadkari. So allegations that Gadkari is against taking on the NCP over the irrigation scam are baseless,\" Tawde said. \"Damania should substantiate her allegations with documentary evidence or should tender an apology to Gadkari,\" Tawde added.Damania refused to tender an apology to Gadkari and instead said she would produce evidence of Gadkari's involvement in corrupt activities, in the next four days. \"On a TV show, I took up the challenge to come up with proof of Gadkari's corrupt dealings. I will personally meet him once I have done so. I have not started this fight at anyone's behest, as is being made out by the BJP which claims this issue was raised at the insistence of Arvind Kejriwal. This allegation is not true,\" she said.Tawde said, \"After her land was affected by increase in height of a dam, Damania began raising the irrigation issue. Has she raised issues like malnutrition and state of farmers in the area where she had the land?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595462", "title": "'Sholay' editor M S Shinde dies in penury", "text": "MUMBAI: Film editor M S Shinde (83), who edited over 100 hit films, including Sholay, died in penury here on Friday. His daughter Achla told TOI, \"It was old age and lack of enough finances to take care of my father in his old age.'' Achla has been taking care of Shinde for nearly a decade.Shinde's daughter Achla, who has been taking care of her father for nearly a decade, said, \"It is sad the film industry forgets people once they retire. Even after the media wrote about my father's financial and health condition nobody from the film industry came forward to help.''Shinde had edited films like Sagar, Seeta Aur Geeta, Brahmachari and Ram Jaane. Shinde had fallen on hard times and had been living in PMGP Colony in Dharavi for the last two years. He was forced to shift there after the building he lived in Parel collapsed and the owner refused to help. Achla said, \"There are so many producers who have not paid my father but he had too much self-respect to go and ask for his dues.''Shinde did not like to talk about his condition. It was the late Dadasaheb Phalke's great grand daughter-in-law Mrudula who found about his condition and approached the cine wing of the MNS which has now offered to help.Veteran actor AK Hangal, who passed away last month, too had needed financial help. Bollywood came to Hangal's rescue but Shinde and his family were left to fend for themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16597667", "title": "M Karunanidhi calls another Teso meet", "text": "CHENNAI: Barely two months after convening a conference of the Tamil Eelam Supporters' Organisation (Teso), DMK chief M Karunanidhi has again convened a meeting of Teso members on October 3. The meeting will follow the DMK's emergency executive committee meeting of the party on October 1.A former minister said the Teso meet would discuss party's efforts to approach the United Nations on the Sri Lankan Tamils' plight. DMK treasurer M K Stalin and parliamentary party leader T R Baalu are planning to submit the resolutions of the August Teso conference to the UN and its human rights arm, UNHCR, in Geneva. He said the Centre had been opposing the move to approach the UN, saying that it would embarrass the Union government. Analysts also see the meeting as a move by the DMK to bypass the Centre, which had objected to the Teso meeting held in August passing a resolution seeking a separate Eelam. Karunanidhi had given in to the Congress' request then, but is in no mood to budge now.Karunanidhi, in a statement , has also asked the Centre to drop the proposal to hold common entrance test for admissions in medical colleges. \"There are reports that the Centre is planning to conduct a common entrance test for admissions in medical colleges at the national level. Our opinion is that the move should be given up,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16597680", "title": "Bulletproof quick response team vehicle for Vadodara police", "text": "VADODARA: The police got their first armoured combat vehicle to counter terrorism-like situations in the city. The Quick Response Team (QRT) vehicle is both bulletproof and fireproof with provisions for personnel to sit inside and operate.Policemen have been allocated for the QRT vehicle, which reached the city recently to ensure that in case of emergencies they take off immediately to conduct operations. The vehicle has sitting arrangements and openings in such a manner that personnel can fire shots from inside it without the fear of them being hit by a bullet.\"The state police have been allocated 32 such vehicles and, out of these this is the first one to be allocated to the city. It has provisions for eight jawans to sit inside and fire,\" city police commissioner Satish Sharma said.The body and all glasses on the vehicle are bulletproof and fireproof, including its floor. Three jawans can sit on the side of the vehicle and two on its rear side during an operation. Presently, the city police have allocated 18 personnel for the vehicle with six of them working in each shift. All the 18 personnel have been trained at the police academy in Karai.Sharma said the risks of a policeman inside the vehicle being hit by a bullet are extremely low. He said this would ensure that there is no tragic loss of personnel like in the Mumbai terror attack that claimed the lives of Hemant Karkare and others. The personnel will be able to conduct operations even at a very close range when under fire.The vehicle is air-conditioned and also has tubeless tyres. Even if a tyre gets punctured, it can travel for around 50 km. Sharma said the vehicle will be put to use only in extreme conditions like terror attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16595384", "title": "Varsity's move to hike fees slammed", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai University's fee revision committee has recommended up to two fold hike in the tuition fees but the proposal has met opposition from several educationists. A committee set up by the university has submitted their draft report which will come up for discussion in one of its official body soon. Once the report is approved, students in all its affiliated colleges will have to shell out more money to complete their undergraduate degree.Taking in to consideration, the inflation and the increase in expenditure of its affiliated colleges and the substantial rise in salaries after the Sixth pay Commission, the university had recently set up a fee revision committee, headed by A Pradhan, former vice chancellor of the Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University. As per the report, students in BA, BCom or BSc programmes of unaided colleges or in unaided sections of aided colleges will have to shell out Rs 9,000 per year as tuition fees as opposed to the current Rs 3,000. The tuition fees for self-financing courses in will be made uniform and will be increased from the current Rs 10,000 per year to Rs 14,000 per year. There is a rise in other components too, including the library fee, exam fee, etc.Madhu Paranjpe and a couple of other members in the committee have expressed their dissent over the committee's report. The dissent letter by Paranjpe, states that the report was made only on the basis of the expenditures incurred and not on the audited balance sheets of the colleges. She also mentioned that while examining the income-expenditure pattern, the committee did not take into account income from all sources. \"The fee hike will discourage students from the marginalised section from pursuing higher education and also will result in the decline of enrolment in arts and pure sciences,\" said the letter. A committee member, however, said that the fee hike has been proposed taking into account all the aspects and is not a final report till it is accepted by the university and the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16595211", "title": "Man sets himself ablaze, suffers 80% burns", "text": "JAIPUR: Panic gripped a residential colony at Agarwal farms on Friday afternoon when a 51-year-old man attempted suicide by setting himself on fire in broad daylight. He sustained 80% burns and was admitted to the burns ward of SMS hospital.According to Shipra Path police, Nanak Ram, a scrap dealer, is an alcoholic and the residents of Agarwal farms spotted him under inebriated condition as usualon Friday. At 1.30 pm, the man brought out a bottle full of some inflammable substance and set himself on fire. Spotting him afire, some youths threw mud on him to contain fire and later wrapped him in a blanket.Soon after, the police and ambulance were informed. They took the seriously injured man to Sawai Man Singh hospital.\"He has got 80% burns and his condition is critical. We are doing our level best to ensure speedy recovery,\" said a resident doctor at the burns ward.Police said that they have registered a case of attempt to suicide against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16597818", "title": "Campus politics and polls may fade out of Calicut University colleges", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Campus politics is on its way out of the colleges under the Calicut University. Managements of many of colleges have decided not to conduct student union elections this year.Though the university had set October 4 as the date for elections in 339 affiliated colleges, only one-third have set in motion the election process. Over 200 colleges have not issued the election notification on September 19. Instead, many college managements are pitching for the parliamentary form, where the students of each class select their class representatives who in turn elect the college union office bearers.The system would effectively take the political fizz out of the election process and students won't get a direct chance to elect the union office bearers.As many as 15 college managements and principals' council have challenged the varsity decision in the high court, which is expected to pronounce a verdict on October 1.Dean of students' welfare Valsarajan P said that though the varsity had asked all colleges to conduct elections on October 4, only around 150 colleges are likely to obey its order. \"We will prepare a list of colleges that do not conduct the elections and issue notices to them,\" he said.The dean said that the student politics on campus has been on the decline over the years and last year, the university had only 225 university union councillors. \"The introduction of the choice-based credit semester system ( CCSS) has packed the academic calendar. With exams being held every six months, students have less spare time,\" he said.Meanwhile, organizations like SFI, KSU, MSF and SIO have been staging joint agitations at several colleges that have refused to honour the varsity directive. Many colleges run by the Muslim Educational Society (MES) had to be shut down for several days owing to the stir.SFI state joint secretary K Rafeeq said that college managements are trying to wipe out student politics from campuses by refusing to conduct the elections.\"Kerala has a long-standing tradition of having politically active campuses whose student community is conscious of its rights. The managements are trying to take away the democratic rights of students and it is unfortunate that the colleges have openly flouted the varsity directive in this regard. The syndicate should take immediate steps to make all the colleges fall in line with the varsity's election directive,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-29"}
