{"city": "bride strangled", "code": "12215235", "title": "Bride strangled by husband", "text": "Bride strangled: A newly-wed woman was allegedly strangled by her husband in Raghabpur near Bishnupur, South 24-Parganas, on Saturday morning.The accused, Palash Bar, has been arrested. His parents have fled. Police say the victim, 20-year-old Latika, married Palash only three months ago. There were strangulation marks around her neck, say investigators.Latika's family says they had given Rs 2.5 lakh at the marriage but her in-laws kept torturing her for dowry. Locals ransacked Pulak's house after the alleged murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12216708", "title": "Rape offence registered based on DNA report", "text": "GONDIA: In a unique case, an offence of rape was registered against a 20-year-old youth, Ramakant Katre on the basis of a DNA report that matched with the infant of a tribal girl. The girl had claimed that Katre had sexually exploited her under the assurance of marriage in 2010.According to the complaint, the girl and Katre, both from Chichgaon village had an affair. Katre had promised to marry her and they had indulged in a physical relationship. When the girl told him that she was pregnant and started pressing for marriage, Katre refused to marry her.However, the girl delivered a baby girl. Then she lodged a complaint with Goregaon police station October 17, 2010. During the investigation, DNA tests were done on Katre and the child. The reports proved that Katre was the father of the child.After fresh statements and witnesses, an offence was registered against Katre on Thursday under section 376 and 417 of IPC and Atrocities To Backward Communities Act. However, Katre has not been arrested so far. SDO P Amgaon Gunjal is investigation the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12215340", "title": "Gang involved in series of robberies arrested", "text": "PUNE: The anti-extortion cell of city police crime branch had a major breakthrough on Friday night in solving a series of robbery cases in Hinjewadi, following the arrest of a gang of five persons.The gang was arrested for allegedly planning a dacoity on the Chamunda jewellers shop at Chandannagar. The arrest led to the recovery of two country-made pistols, eight rounds of bullets, sickles, iron rods, sticks, packets of chilli powder, four cell phone, cash and a santro car totalling Rs 2,73,750.Following a tip-off received by hawaldar Anil Shinde, a police team took the suspects - identified as Mangesh Kanchan (25) of Urali Kanchan, Sandeep Ghode (21) of Saswad, Daulat Parge alias Dawliya (25) of Ambegaon, Satish Khurade (24) of Khed and Sachin Madne (25) of Satara - into custody after they arrived near the Phoenix mall on Pune-Ahmednagar highway for executing their plan to rob the jewellery shop.The arrests were made under the guidance of assistant commissioner of police (crime) Vinod Satav.Addressing a press conference, additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde said Kanchan, Parge and Khurade had allegedly committed at least five robberies near the Hinjewadi fire brigade station on February 26, while threatening their victims with guns.Shinde said on that day, the threesome had robbed a student Ishant Thakur (23), and executive, Jayant Shelar (24) of Chinchwad, and Pooja Singh and her parents of four gold chains and two rings, totally worth Rs 1.19 lakh.Shinde said using the same modus operandi the trio had also committed several robberies at Mulshi dam, Paud in Pune district and at Karad.According to Shinde, Kanchan, who has been actively operating since 2006, was absconding in two cases of robbery registered at Paud and Hinjewadi police stations while Parge, a former member of dreaded Rahul Khandare gang, is involved in extortion, dacoity and robbery cases in Pune and Pune rural areas.Their associate, Khurade, who is active since 2009, is involved in murder and vehicle theft cases at Khed and Manchar. A kidnapping case is also registered against him with the Udgir police station.Shinde lauded the efforts of inspector Sachin Sawant and his team, comprising Anil Shinde, Sanjay Kalokhe, Ganesh Mali, Hrishikesh Mahale, Kashinath Jagtap, Balasaheb Jarad, Mahadeo Dimble, Chandrakant Ingle, Maruti Bhujbal, Jagannath Gawli, Pravin Shirke, Pandurang Vanjale, Dilip Kachi, Vilas Gujar, Anant Dalvi and Chandrakant Sawant for taking action against the gang.The crime branch boss said the police are collecting evidence against the arrested to see if they can be prosecuted under the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act. Investigations have revealed that the gang members had assembled together at a common place for committing dacoity.Rajesh Bansode, DCP, crime branch, said the gang members had obtained weapons from their contacts outside Maharashtra. He, however, refused to disclose the name of the state as police are making efforts to trace the source of the weapons.A complaint under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code, the Arms Act and the Bombay Police Act was registered against the five suspects with the Airport police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12216160", "title": "Robbing Peter to pay Paul, PNB style", "text": "PATNA: One has heard of courts restraining private banks from using force to save debts from turning bad. Here's an instance of a public sector bank auctioning the property of three people for recovering a loan which they neither took nor guaranteed.Meet Anita Singh (47), wife of Dwijendra Kumar who works in the state cooperative department at Muzaffarpur. The couple has been running from pillar to post since February 16 this year, the day they came to know their only house at Adarsh Colony at Muzaffarpur had been auctioned by Punjab National Bank (PNB) a day earlier to recover a loan of Rs 5 lakh which their neighbour, Ajay Sharma, had taken from PNB's Bela branch in Muzaffarpur in 1999.As Ajay of Jai Mata Di Fabrics went missing along with his family members from their house, the bank issued notices to the guarantors, including one Aniruddh Prasad of East Champaran district.In his reply to the bank's legal notice, Prasad informed the bank that in November 2003, he sold his 2-kattha land - 'khata' number 120, 'khesra' number 568 - in Ajay's neighbourhood to one Kusum Devi in 1981 (almost two decades before Ajay took the loan) and that he never signed any document related to any loan from any bank to Ajay.According to documents available with TOI, Kusum sold the land in pieces to Poonam Jha, Ram Bahadur Thakur and Anita Singh in 1997. While Singhs and Thakurs constructed houses, Jha sold her land to one Radha Rani in 2004.All this could have been known had the PNB, in response to Prasad's reply to its notice, bothered to check the land records in the Musahari circle office. Instead, the PNB moved the Debts Recovery Tribunal (DRT) where it submitted the allegedly fake land documents on the basis of which the DRT, in August 2007, passed the decree in favour of PNB. None of the current owners of the plot was made a party; nor were they even intimated about the hearings.Armed with the decree, PNB auctioned Ajay's house as well as the three adjacent plots for Rs 47 lakh on February 15.A horrified Anita Singh has since visited the PNB's branch office, regional office and circle office in Muzaffarpur. All she got was advice to meet Saba Ahmad, PNB's official at its Rajapul branch in Patna. Her husband went rushing to Ahmad who redirected him to visit DRT. DRT officials refused to acknowledge the Singhs as a \"party\" and it was only after quite a scene that they were asked to hire a lawyer to plead their case.But why did the then bank manager sanction the loan against allegedly fake documents? What action will the PNB bosses take against him? Why did the then PNB authorities ignore Prasad's reply to their legal notice? Who will compensate and what, for the harassment caused to the Singhs and others?PNB's chief manager Naresh Batra, who also looks after the bank's public relations, refrained from replying to these questions. \"But there's a proper forum -- Debts Recovery Appellate Tribunal - from where victims in such cases can seek remedy,\" he told TOI over phone on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12214761", "title": "Mumbai Duronto to run daily", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Soon one would have more options to choose from while travelling to Mumbai and Pune from the city. The much awaited Duronto train to Mumbai will now be a daily train. Besides, a new Ahmedabad-Pune Duronto will be flagged off on Sunday.Railway officials said that the Ahmedabad-Pune AC Duronto is likely to be flagged off from Pune on Sunday. The new train will be tri-weekly non-stop train. The train will have its first run on Tuesday.The Duronto will leave Ahmedabad on Sunday, Tuesday and Friday at 10.30 pm and reach Pune at 7 am the next day, while the same trains will leave Pune on Monday, Tuesday and Saturday. The train will leave Pune at 9.45 pm and reach Ahmedabad at 6.20 am.The officials said that the weekly Ahmedabad-Yesvantpur (Bangalore) train is also likely to be flagged off by the end of this month.Apart from the two, the Bhuj-Palanpur daily passenger train and Varanasi-Ahmedabad weekly train will also be flagged off by the end of this week.The officials said the Union minister for railways Dinesh Trivedi on Friday announced the introduction of 26 new trains announced in the budget for the year 2011-12. But the minister missed out on two important trains for the state. He failed to announce the increase in frequency for Ahmedabad-Mumbai Duronto from three times a week to daily.Besides, the minister was also silent on the AC double decker which was announced between Ahmedabad and Mumbai.Based on the experience of Howrah-Dhanbad route AC double decker, it has been decided to make changes in the design of the coach. Officials said that the width of the double-decker coach, which was around 310 cm, will now be 305 cm.Ahmedabd-Duronto, Ahmedabad-Yesvantpura, Bhuj-palanpur, will be flagged off on Sunday.Ahmedabad-Pune Duronto will leave Ahmedabad 10.30 pm and reach at 7 amAhmedabad-Pune Duronto will leave Pune at 9.40 pm and reach Ahmedabad at 6.20 am.Ahmedabad-Yesvantpura (Bangalore) will leave Ahmedabad on Saturday at 9.40 pm and reach Yesvantpura on Monday at 6.40 am.Ahmedabad-Yesvantpura (Bangalore) will Yesvantpura on Monday at 10.45 am and reach Ahmedabad on Tuesday at 7.30 pm.Bhuj-Palanpur will leave Bhuj at 2 pm and reach Palanpur at 11.30Bhuj-Palanpur will leave Palanpur at 4.30 am and reach Bhuj at 1.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12215135", "title": "7 killed in road accident", "text": "BURDWAN: Seven people were killed and 16 injured when a bus lost control and fell into a roadside ditch at Dariapur near Guskara on Saturday. The bus, carrying the bridegroom's family and relatives, was returning to Khuduti village in Birbhum after attending a dinner party at the bride's house at Kolkol village in Galsi.The accident took place around 2.45 am. Locals rushed to the spot on hearing a tremendous sound. They also informed the police. Ausgram police reached the spot and pulled up the bus with a crane. The victims were admitted to Burdwan Medical College Hospital (BMCH). Seven people were killed on the spot and of the 16 injured, six were reported to be critical.The driver and the helper of the private bus fled after the incident. Police have seized the vehicle. Law and judiciary minister Moloy Ghatak, who was in Burdwan town to attend a meeting, visited the victims at BMCH on Saturday. He also promised them all help on behalf of the government.The deceased were identified as Budh Mete, 40, Arjun Mete, 12, Naba Mete, 27, Hakim Seikh, 30, Debabrata Ghosh, 22, Dhaneswar Sardar, 27 and Chand Kobiraj, 32.\"It was around 3.05 am when we heard a sound and the bus overturned and fell into a ditch. All we could hear were cries of fellow passengers,\" said Bipod Taran Mete, 18, who was injured and is admitted at BMCH. Excluding the driver and helper. About 68 people were there in the bus, said another injured. Saheb Majhi of Birbhum's Patsoa.The dead bodies were handed over to the relatives after the autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12214989", "title": "Fake airline job at IGI: 1 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Another job fraud was busted at the IGI airport on Saturday when two persons complained that a person offered them a job with Indigo Airlines after charging a fee of Rs 1 lakh. The accused has been nabbed, said police.Dinesh Rana and Pawan Rana approached the CISF at terminal of 1D at 4.45pm.\"The duo told police that Kumar claimed to be an employee of Indigo Airlines and duped them of Rs 1 lakh after promising them jobs. CISF checked CCTV footage and identified the accused as one Sourav Kumar, a storekeeper with A to Z Company,\" said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12218292", "title": "Vidya Balan is a character-driven actress: Sujoy Ghosh", "text": "Sujoy Ghosh tells Dhamini Ratnam why it was necessary to shoot his latest release, Kahaani during Durga Puja, and why this film was even tougher to make than his first\"Like everybody in Mumbai, I had a script. I went around with it for a couple of years and faced rejection. My mother gave up on me, but she's a good sort,\" says Ghosh, whose first film Jhankaar Beats, opened to a dream run, in 2003.His next two films, however, didn't. Both, Home Delivery (2005) and Aladin (2009) were - in the director's words - \"disasters\", which explains why Ghosh, who isn't formally trained in filmmaking and learnt his art watching Satyajit Ray's films, believes his struggle for Kahaani beats Jhankaar's.Excerpts from an interview: Yours was a dream debut, but your last two films didn't do too well... I wanted to tell Aladin's story differently. I wanted to make a film with the message that there is no magic lamp. The format I chose was new and I thought we could push the envelope with the technical expertise that we have in our industry. The kind of visual effects I had in Aladin and, now in Kahaani, are on par with global standards. But Aladin went zip, and to deal with its dismal failure, I began to write another script - Kahaani. That was in 2009. But the last thing anyone wanted me to do was make a thriller with a pregnant woman.You were offered a three-film deal with Yash Raj Films around that time. What happened to that? I chickened out. Yash Raj is very clear about deals, and you can't wriggle out after signing the dotted line. But Adi (Aditya Chopra) was a great believer in Kahaani, and contributed a lot to its script. I guess you could call me commitment-phobic.You've been committed to work with Vidya Balan for a long time, and she's one of the few actresses in the industry, who's comfortable with making changes to her body. Is that why you picked her to play the character of a pregnant woman? No, I simply wanted to work with her. She's a character-driven actress. If she agrees to portray, say, a ramp model, she'll do whatever her character demands. Vidya is also the most fearless woman you'll meet. When I'd tell her during shoot, \"Please go walk amidst the crowd,\" she'd go. The ease with which she did so, helped her blend in. The people on the streets didn't realise a film shoot was going on, till they saw the camera. She isn't the sort of actor, who comes with an entourage. She would arrive in an MUV, do her make-up and change in the car, and step out. No taam-jhaam.Kolkata is not the first city that comes to mind, when you think about crime. But your film is as much about Vidya as it is about a city and its streets. Absolutely, Vidya is the second character in the film. When I wrote this thriller, I knew that the city would play an important role and the only two Indian cities I know well are Mumbai and Kolkata. I chose the latter, because it is the most unassuming city to set a crime in. I needed to shoot the film during Durga Puja. That's one time when all of Kolkata thinks like one and everybody's on the same frequency - happy, buying clothes, planning holidays, praying to Ma. The movie is the story of one woman pitted against this mass, the only sad soul in the midst of happy people. That made Vidya's character stand out.Do you always write your own scripts? Yes, I am not a trained director. I have to know my characters well in order to depict them on screen. Of course, that's not a valid excuse. Soon, I will jump into unknown territory. I have got the rights to Aranyer Din Ratri (a book by Sunil Gangopadhyay, which was made into a film by Satyajit Ray in 1970) and I will write a screenplay with that book. I'm not touching the film; I know I'll get slaughtered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12219111", "title": "Sridevi ditches Dubai", "text": "Actress Sridevi gave her appearance at the Dubai launch of Sultanat, an Indo-Pak crossover television serial, a miss.The actress was scheduled to attend the event last week, but backed out citing health issues. Local media waited for her to arrive for the event, but were told at the last minute she wouldn't be attending. Sri was to be the main attraction at the event, and fans were disappointed that they couldn't get a glimpse of their favourite actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12215155", "title": "Talaulim man drowns in salt pan", "text": "PANAJI: The body of a 50-year-old man was found floating in a salt pan at Gujira-Talaulim on Tuesday.Agasaim police said that the deceased, Gajanand Vernekar of Gujira accidently fell into the salt pan and drowned in it.As Vernekar didn't return home, his relatives launched a search for him and found him floating in the salt pan water.Police have registered a case of unnatural death. The postmortem report of the deceased has ruled out any foul play, a police officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12218436", "title": "Crowd funding: An emerging trend in Bollywood", "text": "With crowd-funded 'I Am' winning two National Awards, TOI explores how profitable this financing trend isAfter Onir's \" I Am\" won two National Awards, the concept of independent cinema got a major boost. Along with it is the idea of crowd funding of movies. Those not in the loop, crowd-funding is an emerging trend in the world of finances, where a film maker sources the funds reaching out to the masses through social media. So, how open is the Indian film industry in embracing this new trend?Small is Big Onir believes that this notion of funding will be of huge help to independent film makers and those who don't get funding for innovative concept of movies which don't follow regular Bollywood tastes. \"The important part of crowd-funding is that film makers get finances from people who believe in their projects. It is a huge boost to those who find it difficult to generate finances through other means. We got funding for our out of the box subject. \"I Am\" is one of smallest budget films of 2011 in Bollywood which is one of largest film industries in the world. Getting a National Award for a film that has been funded this way is not a small deal,\" shares Onir. Puneet Prakash, the director of short film \"Mombatti\" (which was selected for short film corner at the 64th Cannes Film Festival), supports Onir's view. \"Movie projects with a big starcast easily finds big production houses financing them. But when people don't have big names and 'masala' for movies, they end up running from pillar to post to seek finances. Crowd-funding does justice to those people. It encourages the creativity of film makers without any interference from production houses.\"Risk Reduction When hundreds of movies in Bollywood releasing every year don't find a good distribution and exhibition channel, crowd-funding is the safest option that reduces the risk of investment dividing the loss between many who are involved in the funding. Producer Guneet Monga frequently collaborates with Anurag Kashyap and is coming up with an untitled film directed by Vasan Bala. The finances for the movie are being raised through crowd-funding. Says Guneet, \"Movies who don't find studios for funding can very well go to masses and source finances from people who believe in their projects. We are coming up with a movie that is funded through social media. We are raising Rs 1 crore through crowd funding. This concept reduces the share of losses incurred. Thus it does not burden a single production house or an individual.Adds Onir, \"Apart from reducing risks, crowd funding also lends transparency in financial dealings. One actually doesn't have to get into talks with people and production houses who can interfere with the work.\"Money Matters The people investing in movies not only get profit sharing in box-office collections but are also credited as co-producers in the movies. Says Onir, \"All 400 investors in \"I Am\" got acknowledged as co-producers in the movie as well as being part of the profit sharing process. The amount pooled in for the movie was `3 crore.\" Adds Guneet, \"I feel, it is extremely empowering to crowd-fund a film attaching more and more people. Our profit model is simple. Everyone invests `10 lakh and they are all out in the first recovery after investors get the principle amount back. Everyone gets a percentage from the profit. All investors are co-producers in my movie and everyone is happy.\"The Bigger Picture However, this funding process only works for small budget films. For lavish movies made on a budget of `100 crore - `150 crore, this financing process has no relevance. Says Onir, \"Crowd sourcing is more for independent film makers. It is not meant for big budget movies with a huge star cast. In any case, why would they even need it? They have production houses financing big names.\" Guneet also says there is a limitation of fund pooled in for finance. \"The biggest disadvantage of crowd-funding is you can't raise a lot of money through it. That could be because it is an entirely new concept for the Indian market. We can hope that the situation improves in future.\"European connection Another drawback of crowd- funding is that though the concept is doing good in the European market, Indian film makers find hard to attract investors from European countries. Guneet comes up with the solution for this problem. \"One needs to structure the film well to access the European funds. One has to have a good script with an universal appeal that people from all over will like to be part of.\" Adds Puneet, \"Typical Bollywood movies really can't find investors from the European market. A lot has to be done to improve this since everyone out there knows the taste of Bollywood movies.\"Copy Cat? Another hitch is that the film's concept might get copied when one asks for funding in the social media space. Says Puneet, \"To attract investors and make a person believe in your work, one has to disclose some parts of the movie to the masses. That can run the risk of the concept being stolen or copied. One has to be really careful in disclosing the content of projects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12216231", "title": "Traffic Park as entertainment avenue and khau galli. Why not?", "text": "As crowds throng the road at Dharampeth and vendors set shop in hordes to make it a food street, TOI looks at the pros and cons on the administration closing it down for traffic and letting entertainment flow smooth and easyThe new destination for those looking for entertainment, street food and even fine dining is the street running parallel to VIP Road. This is where the Traffic Park is located and there are a number of mobile food stalls and small kiosks selling food as varied as pani puri, frankie and grilled sandwiches. What has added to the charm of this street are the high end eateries selling sizzlers, pizza, confectionary, coffee bars and even a chocolate room.All this has increased the footfalls here and also the vehicular traffic. At any evening during the weekdays there is a decent crowd of youngsters having quick bites. But it is the weekends which truly rock this street. At least 3,000 people move through this road, either visiting the traffic park or stopping by for a snack. But parking woes and traffic snarls dilute the fun quotient.World over, cities have opted to make such streets into traffic free zones for fixed hours or on certain days. Bangalore has VV Puram which is a one-way street that makes for light and easy flowing traffic. Pune closes its busy MG Road for traffic on Sundays and allows even makeshift eateries to set shop. Mumbai too has its share of 'khau gallis' in certain areas.Moreover, for the Kala Ghoda annual festival, which is co-hosted by TOI in Mumbai, part of the area is cordoned off for traffic. Every evening a concert is held on the road opposite the Asiatic Library with people thronging the steps as the stage is mounted on the opposite side of the road.With scarce means of entertainment available in Nagpur, perhaps the city fathers too could turn the Dharampeth Road into a food street and a walker's paradise, at least on Sundays, so that people could just hang around to have fun and some good food too, without getting hit by moving traffic.Vinay Sahu, a third-year student of BCCA, fully agrees with this. \"Of course, considering the number of families that come here to visit the Traffic Park and to try out the food being sold, closing the road for vehicles is a good idea. The administration can close it for a few hours on Sunday. Since this road is flanked by two main roads on either side, it is not as if movement will get restricted.\"What is making this street a converging point for youngsters is its central location. Monika Khara, a final year BBA student, says, \"Being centrally located, this place can be reached in a jiffy. Along with that we also get cheap and good food here. Though I agree that it is a central artery of the city, closing it for some three to four hours on Sundays will develop it as a fun destination.\"Though the chaat thelas are the biggest attraction here, they are time and again removed by NMC. But if this were to be treated as a food street by the administration too, then even these vendors would be able to do business comfortably.Shrikant Sahu, the manager of an ice-cream parlour located at the corner of this road, says, \"This has the making of a food street only because of these vendors. They add vibrancy to this place. And though we too have a golgappa joint adjacent to our parlour, we feel that these thelas provide us with healthy competition. And I too feel that closing this street for some hours on weekends would give a tremendous boost to all the shops and vendors on this road.\"But with an unwilling administration this could just remain wishful thinking. What comes in the way is the fact that this is a residential area and there are many by-lanes that open into this street. Baba Maind, the ex-corporator of this area, is apprehensive. \"Public transport buses ply on this road so it is not possible to shut it even for a few hours. Also I'm sure the residents would object.\"Bhanu Rajgopalan, a resident of this area, agrees, \"I have issues with the haphazard parking and the innumerable vendors that set shop here. Besides if you shut out the vehicles even for a limited hours, the by-lanes would get clogged by the cars and two wheelers of the people who will visit during these hours.\"Giving his take on the issue, Rohit Ahuja, who runs the sizzler joint on this road, says, \"I feel entry of two wheelers for some hours should be closed. They are the ones who park haphazardly or speed down the road making it risky for those walking or just hanging around. This will encourage people to walk leisurely and also more vendors will enter the area.\"Open to the idea of developing this area as a food street, city municipal commissioner Sajeev Jaiswal said, \"It is definitely a good suggestion and we shall explore the possibility of doing that after consultation with the traffic police department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216856", "title": "Bombay High Court allows intervention in PWD scam plea", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court allowed intervention in the Nagpur Contractors Association petition (WP No 28/10) alleging a massive scam of Rs 119.54 crore into various works allotted by PWD in last four years including those of renovating chief minister and deputy CM's bungalows in the city. Social worker Mohan Karemore filed this intervention through counsel Shrikant Khandalkar bringing to the fore the alleged illegalities of PWD officials in allotting work to Ankit Constructing Company. He also claimed that PWD is safeguarding the interest of its officials and enquiry into whole affair was not conducted in transparent manner.The intervener prayed for fresh enquiry into the scam in division No 1 from 2005. He also demanded separate enquiries in PWD's two, three and four divisions and also in its special project, apart from contracts awarded to Ankit company, as the work of over Rs100 crore was allotted to it flouting all rules and regulations. He insisted on enquiry from CBI into whole affair.Karemore stated that the state had constituted an enquiry committee led by superintending engineer of Vigilance Squad in Mumbai as per the court's directives. The panel submitted its report on October 22 last year but it was not transparent and no action was taken against the guilty officials, he contended.The association alleged that many jobs assigned to PWD were shown only on papers. The PWD is alleged to have incurred huge expenses amounting to Rs119.54 crore in last three years, however, neither any records were kept nor any affidavits were taken from the contractors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12215102", "title": "For 1st time, 17 parties fielded candidates at polls", "text": "PANAJI: The assembly election on March 3 notched a milestone, as the largest number of political parties, 17 of them, including a few national parties fielded their candidates.But only four political parties, BJP (21), MGP (3), Congress (9), Goa Vikas Party (2) and independents (5) achieved success in the 40-member house. In the landmark first election in Goa in 1963 and 1967, only the Congress as a national party and Maharashtrawadi Gomantak and United Goans, as the state parties contested the polls.But in 1972, five national parties-Bharatiya Jana Sangh, Communist party of India (CPI), CPI-M, Congress, Samyukta socialist party, two registered state parties, MGP and United Goans (Sequeira) and one registered party Nav Marashtrawadi Gomantak party-fielded their candidates.In 1977, three national parties, CPI, Congress and Janata party and MGP, and in 1980, five, CPM, Cong U and Cong I, Janata Party and Janata Party (S) and MGP took the field.In 1984, five national parties, including BJP for the first time and MGP fielded their candidates while in 1989, six national parties and MGP, and also Gomantak Bhaujan Samaj Parishad, Gomantak Lok Pokx and Shiv Sena also joined the fray.In 1994, 1999 and 2002, the picture was largely the same. But in 2007, a record 12 parties took the field. Five national parties, Congress, BJP, CPI, CPI-M and NCP, four state parties, MGP, UGDP, Shiv Sena and Janata Dal (S) and three unrecognized parties, Goa Suraj party, Republican party of India (A) and Save Goa front took part in the polls.In 2012, BJP, Congress, NCP, MGP, Goa Vikas party, UGDP, Trinamool Congress, Goa Suraj, Janata Dal (U), Samajwadi, Samajwadi Janata Party (Rashtriya), All India Minorities Front, Jai Maha Bharat, RPI (A), CPI, CPI-M and Shiv Sena fielded their candidates. Most of these parties fielded less than ten candidates and in most three to four candidates.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "12215061", "title": "BMC chief, councillors join BJP", "text": "BICHOLIM: In a major political development, six councilors from the ruling Congress group at Bicholim muncipal council (BMC) switched allegiance to the BJP in the presence of chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Saturday.The councilors who joined the BJP included chairperson Anisha Vernekar and councilors Riyaz Beig, Kamlakar Teli, Kamlesh Teli, Premanand Mayekar and Karuna Govekar. With Saturday's development, seven councilors owing allegiance to the BJP will now rule the BMC. Addressing mediapersons, BJP mandal president Manohar Shirodkar said the decision was taken in view of bringing all round development to Bicholim town.Incidentally, Vernekar was served a no-confidence motion by six councilors on Friday. These including Anita Harmalkar, Kamlesh Teli, Narayan Betkikar, Shashikant Halarnkar, Premanand Mayekar and Ajit Birje. But as Vernekar's political stance changed on Saturday, it is likely that the no-confidence motion may become invalid. Vernekar will continue to serve as the chairperson for another term of 18 months, while Karuna Govekar will take over for the remaining term of two-and-half years.Narayan Betkikar will continue to occupy the post of deputy chairperson till his one-year term gets completed, while RiyaBeig and Kamlakar Teli will occupy the chair thereafter, respectively.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12215959", "title": "Winging from Oslo to Chennai for love", "text": "CHENNAI: A 23-year-old Norwegian girl, found wandering aimlessly in Maduravoyal earlier this week by volunteers of an NGO, was united with her boyfriend on Saturday.\"One of our volunteers found the girl, later identified as Katrina Morrisey, roaming aimlessly near Maduravoyal. She had cut injuries on her hands,\" S Vidyakar, founder of Udhavum Karangal, an NGO, told TOI.After she revealed a few phone numbers, the volunteers contacted Inge Wiktil, Consul, Royal Norwegian Embassy, Delhi, who helped trace her parents and her boyfriend. \"While she refused to talk to her father Shaun, who had deserted Katrina's mother Pecil 12 years ago, Pecil, too, didn't seem keen on coming here. Her boyfriend Jacob Alexander (24), a university student in Oslo , immediately flew down,\" Vidyakar said.On Tuesday, when Alexander entered the Udhavum Karangal office, Morrisey pounced on him in joy, volunteers said. Morrisey came to India on a tourist visa on October 13, 2011 after telling her mother that she wanted to practise yoga. \"If anyone says she is ugly, she will turn violent and inflicting a cut injury on her hand with a sharp object,\" a volunteer said based on the information provided by her mother.After landing in Delhi, she travelled to Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka before arriving in Chennai. \"She went to the Andaman and Nicobar Islands once. She lost her baggage containing her travel documents, passport and visa recently,\" another volunteer said.Morrisey and Alexander will fly to Delhi on Sunday and meet Consul Inge before leaving for home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12214833", "title": "Should govt come down heavily on supporters of political parties for clashes between them?", "text": "I don't think so. Because for elections the supporters are emotionally charged and sometimes do not know what they do for their leader. Moreover, people treat any political leader like a god. The leader may be good or bad, every order from the leader is like a command from god. Whatever happened has to be forgotten, but a warning should be given to political leaders to discourage their workers from indulging in such behaviour.Suhas M Parseka Farmer, MandremNo, not immediately, if the incidents are minor. This may be a case of political leaders and their supporters being unable to face unexpected defeat. If there is an increase in the number of such incidents and if there is a threat to people, strict action should definitely be taken.Cyanna Mendes Lecturer, PanajiYes, it's the responsibility of the government to maintain law and order. So the government should come down heavily on persons indulging in such behaviour. There should not be any discrimination when booking the culprits, whether they are from the winning or losing side.Sanjay Dessai Teacher, CurchoremAny form of violence should be dealt with very strictly. The police should be able to handle such incidents without taking sides. Violence and clashes between the supporters of political parties proves that there is encouragement given to goondaism and money power by the candidates. They too should be brought to book as they use their supporters to do their dirty job.Geraldine Fernandes Social activist, BenaulimGoa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12219395", "title": "Who wants snap elections and why", "text": "As a thumb rule MPs don't like early polls. But some of their leaders might be keen on it. TOI takes a look.238 MPs may be in favourJD(U), 20 MPs: Nitish Kumar faces no serious challenge from RJD and towers over partner BJP. He did well in the last Lok Sabha elections and is confident of doing well again. Hopes to be a PM candidate if BJP fails to get the numbersTMC, 19 MPs: Mamata is working for a non-Cong , non-BJP pressure group. Wishes to stay in UPA but wants to translate her political domination of Bengal into a larger number of LS seatsBJP, 114 MPs: Not fully ready because of its poor showing in UP and fear of backlash in Karnataka. But feels it can ride current anti-Cong mood and take a shot at power in CentreSP, 22 MPs: After the big win in UP, Mulayam would want leverage at Centre. Feels SP can grab a lion's share of UP's 80 Lok Sabha seatsBJD, 14 MPs: Naveen Patnaik's main adversary Cong suffers credibility deficit and Naveen may want to encash the opportunity by going in for early pollsShiv Sena , 11 MPs: Hurting due to Raj Thackeray's rebellion, but wins in municipal elections have bolstered its confidence. May bank on Cong's incumbency for better show in urban areasAIADMK, 9 MPs: Jayalalithaa routed DMK in 2011 and hopes to increase her LS tally in an early poll, before antiincumbency kicks in. Also keen to have a say at CentreNCP, 9 MPs: Sharad Pawar is open to other alignments if Cong fails to muster numbers. He can fancy his chances in an early electionTDP, 6 MPs: Chandrababu Naidu would like to challenge Cong at its weakest because of Jagan Reddy's revolt, hoping that this time he will exploit Cong's double incumbencyAkali Dal, 4 MPs: With Cong defeated and demoralized, Akalis stand to gain if polls are held now rather than later by when the euphoria over its comeback may ebbJD(S), 3 MPs: Deve Gowda feels BJP's problems with Yeddyurappa and alliance with Cong may make him a power player in Karnataka. But will he act independently of Cong?JMM, 2 MPs: Running a stable coalition with BJP, JMM may go along with the saffron outfitTRS, 2 MPs: Early poll suits its statehood demand. In coalition with BJP or TDP it can boost its numbers and make stronger pitch for TelanganaAGP, Haryana Janhit Cong &amp; YSR Cong, 1 MP each : These regional outfit reckon that they can improve their tally in an early poll280 MPs should be opposed to early elections, among them those from Cong (206), BSP (21), DMK (18), CPM (16), RLD (5), CPI (4), NC (3), AIFB (2), RSP (2) &amp; JVM (2), MIM (1)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12220821", "title": "Holi, Arshad Warsi style", "text": "The crew of the film Jolly LLB had a good time playing Holi on the setTalking about the incident that happened at the sets on Holi, director of Jolly LLB, Subhash Kapoor of Phas Gaya Re Obama fame, says, \"We were shooting in Delhi on the day of Holi with Arshad, Boman and Amrita Rao . The scene was being shot with the rain machine. Arshad did some setting with the rain-machine operator and while we all were standing and talking, suddenly the rain machine started throwing water on us and we all got wet. That's how we played Holi on the sets of Jolly.\"Jolly LLB is a satire about the Indian judicial system and Arshad plays the role of a good for nothing lawyer in the film. A considerable amount of the film has been shot in a college while the rest has been shot in a courtroom. Though Arshad wasn't the first choice for the film, Subhash is convinced that the actor has done a good job in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12216085", "title": "CB-CID summons \u2018encounter\u2019 team for questioning", "text": "CHENNAI: The CB-CID has summoned the police personnel involved in the February 23 encounter in Velachery in which five bank robbery suspects were shot dead. CB-CID teams led by DSP Venkataraman has already completed the inquiry process in the neighbourhood.Police teams led by Adyar deputy commissioner R Sudhakar and assistant commissioners S K Kannan (Madipakkam) and U Manickavel (Guindy) cornered the suspects who were holed up in a small house on Third Lane, TNHB Colony, Velachery.As per National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) rules, DGP K Ramanujam forwarded the case registered by the Velachery police to the CB-CID for inquiry. XVI metropolitan magistrate M Geetha Rani of Egmore court conducted inquiry into the encounter.After taking over the investigation, the CB-CID police personnel questioned the residents of the locality and recorded their statements. They will now question members of the police team that was involved in the shootout and record their statements separately. The process is expected to take a couple of days.\"The process is on and once it completes the inquiry, the team will inform me before proceeding further,\" additional director-general of police (CB-CID) Narendar Pal Singh told TOI.Of the five suspects killed in the encounter, police identified three of them, Sujay Kumar Ray, who masterminded the bank robbery, Vinay Prasad and Harish Kumar alias Rajiv Kumar. Vinay and Harish are from Nalanda district in Bihar. Police are yet to identify two more involved in the bank robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12215843", "title": "In Bhopal, temperature at its 8yr lowest for second day", "text": "BHOPAL: Minimum temperature in Bhopal broke all records of the past eight years in the month of March on second straight day by recording 9.4 degrees Celsius on Saturday.DP Dubey, Director, Meteorological Department, Bhopal circle, said, \"A minimum of 7.8 degrees C was recorded in 2003. The temperature never dipped to single digit after that. Northerly winds led to the dipping of the temperature to 9.4 degrees on Saturday,\" he said, ruling out any further decline in the temperature.With recording a minimum of 7 degrees C, Ujjain remained the coldest city in the state. The maximum and minimum temperatures in the four major cities of Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 28.5 and 9.4 degree Celsius on Sunday.The weathermen recorded a minimum of 9.4 (-7) degrees and a maximum of 27.8 (-4) degrees. Similarly, 11.5 (-3) was recorded as minimum temperatures in Indore and maximum of 27.4 (-5) there.Gwalior recorded the minimum temparature of 10.1 (-4) degrees was the minimum temperature in Gwalior and 28.2 (-3) was recorded as the maximum there.With recording a minimum and maximum temperatures at 9.8 (-4) and 28.5 (-3)degrees, the weather conditions were not much different around Jabalpur as well.In the forecast for the next 24 hours, the weathermen said largely dry weather would prevail in the state. The minimum temperature around Bhopal was expected to remain around 10 degrees and maximum at 28 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12214728", "title": "14-yr-old wins Navi Mumbai spell bee", "text": "14-yr-old wins Navi Mum spell beeShreya BhandaryNAVI MUMBAI: Sukrut Rao, a Class IX student of DAV Public School in Airoli, emerged the winner in the Navi Mumbai round of the HDFC Life Spell Bee, India Spells 2012, powered by The Times of India in association with Horlicks.\"I still can't believe that I won the contest. Last year, I had participated in the same event and couldn't even get through to the final round,\" said the 14-year-old.Sukrut will now represent Navi Mumbai in the national finale to be held in Mumbai along with the representatives from 31 other cities. \"I never make an effort to look at spellings when I read. I also read books on extra-curricular topics, however, the words are retained in my memory,\" he added.Sukrut was competing with close to 450 students coming from 50 different schools and was accompanied by two of his schoolteachers. Nearly 15 students from DAV Public School, member of the Times of India NIE, had participated in the contest. Falling just a couple of points behind after the last tie-breaker round was Srivatsan Sridhar (14) of Hiranandani Foundation School in Thane.\"I participated for the first time and enjoyed it. I will participate again next year and try really hard to win,\" said Srivatsan. Ten students had made it to the final round of the contest on Saturday. Students had to go through three separate rounds and only ten finalists were selected for the last round of 'rapid fire'. Both Sukrut and Srivatsan were almost on a par till the third round and in the rapid-fire round, there was a tie. Two more tie-breakers later, Sukrut emerged winner. \"For the grand finale, I will surely practise more by reading and will try to learn new words everyday,\" said Sukrut. The final contest will be held in Mumbai and the winner, along with a parent, will get a chance to witness the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Washington DC .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12215435", "title": "Music to Lord, noise to neighbours", "text": "KOCHI: Singing paeans to the Lord is seldom music to the neighbours. A legal fight over the right to conduct prayer meetings in houses is brewing at the high court here.Various Christian groups have challenged the HC's recent judgment insisting on prior permission for conducting prayer meetings even as a slew of pleas by neighbours alleging noise pollution against such meets are also being heard.On December 15, a division bench had upheld a government order stipulating prior permission from district collector for conducting prayer meetings even if microphones are not used.Fourteen Christians have challenged this order by division bench of Justices Pius C Kuriakose and K Harilal. They have alleged that the judgment violates right to assemble peacefully without arms, freedom of conscience and profession, practice and propagation of religion, as enshrined in the Constitution.Even as this review petition is awaiting hearing, three people from Kottayam and Ernakulam districts have sought the HC's intervention against inaction on the part of the state government, police and pollution control board in failing to prevent noise pollution caused by such prayer meetings.The petitioners - KN Rajumon from Monippilly and N Krishnankutty and M Rajeev from Elanji - alleged that prayer meetings are being conducted in neighbouring houses in residential locality. Loud music, accompanied by beating of drums and other musical instruments is played through sound amplifiers and loudspeakers.The allegation of the petitioners is that such prayer meetings violate Noise Pollution (Regulation and Control) Rules 2000 and is hampering the studies of their children. HC's intervention is being sought after several complaints to the police and government failed to prevent the sound pollution, stated the plea.But the review petition by Xavier CS pointed out that loud prayer meetings are a necessary part of the Pentecostal religion with a view to praising the Lord.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12214918", "title": "Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India to train unskilled labourers in Nashik city", "text": "NASHIK: The Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI), the apex body for private real estate developers in the country, is currently evaluating the possibility of replicating the on-site training model for construction workers, which is already being implemented by its Pune chapter, in Nashik.As part of its social obligation, Credai is planning to train unskilled labourers from 10 select cities in the country with the assistance of the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC). Credai has already started providing training to 20,000 unskilled labourers in Pune in association with the NSDC. The NSDC is providing financial assistance for the project.\"We are planning to provide training to unskilled labourers in Nashik city on the lines of the programme undertaken in Pune. Such a project has already been implemented by Credai in Pune with the assistance of the NSDC and the same project is also under consideration in Nashik. A decision in this connection is expected to be taken shortly,\" Sunil Bhaybhang, president of the Nashik chapter of Credai told TOI.\"There are around 75,000 labourers in the construction industry in Nashik. Of this, around 25,000 labourers are migrants and most of them are the skilled workers, while the large numbers of unskilled labours are locals. The main objective behind the planning of this project is to increase the workforce of skilled labourers for the construction industry in Nashik,\" Bhaybhang said.\"The proportion of unskilled labourers is high in real estate sectors and there is a wide wage gap between skilled and unskilled labourers. With an aim to train these unskilled labourers, Credai, in association with the NSDC, is planning to take this training project to 10 cities, including Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore, Ahmedabad, Lucknow and Kochi. This will help labourers increase their incomes by a three-fold margin,\" said another CREDAI official. -Tushar Pawar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12215403", "title": "Jaitley presses button to eject from Gujarat", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: He has been the most trusted ally of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , helping him both politically and legally.But Arun Jaitley , a Rajya Sabha MP from Gujarat for two terms, may choose to get re-elected from a different state in the biennial elections due in March-end.To make matters worse for Modi, among the options that Jaitley is exploring is Bihar, a state declared out of bounds for the Gujarat CM by his counterpart Nitish Kumar .That Jaitley has been seeking other options is a subject of immense speculation in BJP circles, who feel this would clearly mark the end of a partnership which has saved Modi on more than one occasion. Madhya Pradesh is another strong possibility.State BJP's parliamentary board will meet in Gandhinagar on Sunday to discuss names of candidates. Out of the four seats that go vacant in Gujarat, BJP will retain three. Apart from Jaitley, discussions will revolve around other outgoing MPs, Vijay Rupani and Kanjibhai Patel.The now-sour friendship between the two BJP leaders has a long history. Jaitley had come to Ahmedabad and accompanied Modi to Goa for a BJP national executive where the then prime minister A B Vajpayee had prepared grounds to sack him for failing to follow the 'Rajdharma' during 2002 Gujarat riots. Jaitley orchestrated support which enabled Modi to survive the crisis.Subsequently, he put together a panel of lawyers for almost all riot-related cases and took personal interest in the cases.Sources said while Modi took Jaitley's support almost for granted, things began to sour some months back, coinciding with Modi's defiance against the party leadership when he refused to attend BJP's national executive in September.With Modi aspiring for a larger national role, he seems to be in direct competition with Jaitley. Like many other BJP leaders, Jaitley too was upset that Modi had insulted L K Advani by not allowing his Rathyatra to be flagged off from Gujarat.Jaitley also found it unpalatable that Modi skipped the campaign for the recent assembly elections.Party sources said Jaitley had already spoken to BJP president Nitin Gadkari about his desire to move out of Gujarat and some informal discussions had already been held with the Bihar leadership on the matter.Decision on MondayOut of the total 15 seats falling vacant in Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Bihar, the BJP is likely to elect nine MPs. Apart from three from Gujarat, the party has four seats in Madhya Pradesh and two in Bihar. The BJP think-tank is mulling the option of retaining Ravi Shankar Prasad from Bihar and also have Jaitley elected from here. A final decision will be taken by the party high command on March 12 in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12224536", "title": "Hazaribag DC angry over delay in IAP work in district", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan expressed dissatisfaction over the slow progress of the work being carried out in the district under Integrated Action Plan (IAP). Reprimanding the executing authorities of the schemes in the district, he told the officials to complete the construction work of 180 Anganbari Kendras and construction of 14 health sub-centres in different blocks by end of this month.Following the review, he found that out of 180 Anganwari centres which were taken up during the current fiscal only 51 have been completed. Besides, he said he was shocked to know that although the funds for the construction of 14 health sub-centres were provided, no work has been started yet.He said, \"After reviewing the progress, I found that the lack of interest shown by the officials was really a worrying factor and hence I told them through an order issued today that if these projects have not been completed by the end of this month, I will report the matter to the state government for taking drastic action against.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12215860", "title": "Kamal Chauhan refuses to confess in court", "text": "PANCHKULA: Adding a twist to the Samjhauta blast investigations, radical Hindu activist Kamal Chauhan on Saturday refused to make any confessional statement pertaining to his involvement in the case before the designated court of National Investigation Agency (NIA) in Panchkula.NIA, which is investigating the case, had arrested Chauhan on February 12 for his alleged involvement in the Samjhauta train blasts that took place in February 2007. NIA has been claiming that Chauhan had actually planted the bomb inside the train. Even, on February 14, Chauhan had also confessed before the media that he had planted the bomb inside the train.Following his open confessions, a confident NIA had moved an application before the special NIA court in Panchkula around five days for recording the confessional statement of Kamal Chauhan before the court under Section 164 Crpc. Importantly, if an accused makes a confessional statement before the court under Section 164, it becomes easy for the prosecution agency to prove their case.However, NIA received huge setback on Saturday when Chauhan refused to make any confessional statement before the court. Earlier on February 22, another key accused in the case Swami Aseemanand had also denied to be knowing Kamal Chauhan.\"We had moved an application before the court for recording Kamal Chauhan's statement under Section 164 but when he was produced before the special court, he refused to record his statement. Now the case has been adjourned for March 20 for further hearing and we are preparing an additional charge sheet in this case,\" RK Handa, senior special public prosecutor of NIA, told TOI on Saturday.Earlier in the morning, Chauhan was produced before the NIA court under heavy security cover and after the hearing, he was sent to Ambala jail.The 28-year-old Chauhan was arrested on February 12 by the NIA from Noida. He is a resident of Indore and his name surfaced in the case following the statement of one of witnesses in the case. On February 14, he claimed before the NIA court that he had planted the bombs inside the train. At present, he is in NIA custody. Samjhauta Express blasts had occurred on February 18, 2007, at Diwana village near the industrial town of Panipat in Haryana killing 38 people.So far, NIA has filed charge sheet against five persons including Swami Aseemanand, Lokesh Sharma and three others. Aseemanand and Sharma are in NIA custody while others are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "berlin", "code": "12216622", "title": "Europe frees \u20ac35 billion bailout for Greece", "text": "BERLIN: Euro zone finance ministers have released 35 billion from the second bailout package for debt-ridden Greece, shortly after its government reached a landmark deal with private creditors on a bond swap, which will halve its debts to around 107 billion.The finance ministers of the 17 eurozone nations on Friday welcomed the pact by private sector holders of Greek sovereign bonds to write-down up to 53.5% of their claims in nominal terms by exchanging their bonds for new ones with less value, longer maturity and lower interest rate. In real terms, they may face losses up to 74%.The ministers were \"quite encouraged\" by the high level of participation by banks, insurances , funds and other private creditors, Jean-Claude Juncker, Luxembourg PM and chairman of the euro group said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12216852", "title": "\u2018Chandy, George brains behind Mission Selvaraj\u2019", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The conspiracy theory behind the resignation of R Selvaraj thickened on Saturday with opposition leader V S Achuthanandan and CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan naming chief minister Oommen Chandy and chief whip P C George as master conspirators. CPM politburo said the Selvaraj episode was a horse-trading move engineered by the Congress.\"P C George was only an instrument, but Chandy is the one behind this resignation. A conspiracy was hatched at the government guesthouse in Thycaud. Also, Chandy had used George to sabotage the palmolein probe,\" Vijayan told reporters in New Delhi on Saturday. He alleged that UDF had diverted some funds meant for Piravom byelection to net Selvaraj.VS went one step further and alleged that Chandy bribed Selvaraj. \"Money was handed over to Selvaraj at the chief minister's residence. Some contractors arranged this money,'' VS told reporters in Kasaragod.Meanwhile, George said the resignation of Selvaraj was only the beginning. \"Please have some patience, more people are waiting to follow Selvaraj. You will see bigger surprises in a month,'' George said hinting that more resignations will rock the CPM in the coming days. He, however, denied any role in engineering the resignation of Selvaraj.LDF leaders released the video of a speech made by George on March 2 at Mallappally. Exactly a week before Selvaraj's resignation, George had predicted a serious turn in Kerala politics in the coming week. \"In the next one week, the world will see where Kerala politics is heading,'' he said while attending an alumni meet at BAM college, Thuruthikkad near Mallappally.According to LDF leaders, UDF government had developed a special fondness for Selvaraj and it was visible when Rs 16 crore was allotted for constructing a bridge in his constituency and Rs 3 crore was sanctioned for repairing the Neyyattinkara taluk office building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12215721", "title": "6 hurt as two families clash in Chomu", "text": "JAIPUR: At least half a dozen people were injured in a clash between members of two families in Fakiron Ka Mohalla in Chomu town on Saturday. Police said both the groups refused to lodge an FIR, but police force has been deployed there to maintain law and order.According to the police, the incident took place around 9.30 am. \"Two nighbouring families, one of Lal Mohammad and the other of Kayam Khan had an old dispute over a piece of land. They had clashed over it in the past too,\" said Rajendra Rathore, in charge of Chomu police station.He added that the clash sparked off due to an eve-teasing incident on Saturday. Eyewitnesses said the two groups threw stones at each other in which at least six people were injured.A police team was rushed to the spot and some people were rounded up. \"However, they were released when both the groups refused to lodge any case and reached at a compromise in the afternoon,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12221721", "title": "Bhupinder Singh Hooda orders release of Jat leaders", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government headed by chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda finally bowed to the agitating jat community and ordered the release of 101 jat leaders arrested on the charges of sedition and provoking violence on Sunday afternoon, bringing the 22-day stand off to an end.The state government's decision came following the cabinet meeting chaired by Hooda. He apprised his cabinet colleagues about the talks between the jat and khap leaders with government's representatives.Having being left red faced after being put on the back foot by the beleaguered jats, chief minister Bhupnder Singh Hooda refused to interact with the media.\"Wait for the press release,\" Hooda said while leaving the secretariat.Except for state minister for home Gopal Kanda, Hooda's colleagues, especially the parliamentary affairs minister Randeep Surjewala and forests minister Ajay Singh who was first non jat minister to object to jat stir, too maintained distance from the media.\"The chief minister apprised the cabinet about developments in Mayyar while reviewing the law and order situation. Government is firm on its stand of wait and watch for the backward commission report before making any recommendation. So far, as release of 101 accused is concerned, the decision was taken in the larger interest of the society,'' a senior official said.Soon after receiving government's order, Hisar police as well as Government Railway Police started making preparations for the release of 101 agitators. The arrested agitators included Rambhagat Malik, the district president and Dharam Pal Chhot, the state president of All India Jat arakshan Sangharsh Samiti ( AIJASS). The release of jat leaders might give relief to Hooda but at the same time has brought him in the line of fire of opposition leaders who have termed the move as political compulsion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12216176", "title": "Mysore division earnings vary", "text": "MYSORE: Due to the ban on export of iron ore by the state government, the total earnings of Mysore division of South Western Railway has come down by 14.80% during the financial year till February.However, the division has improved its earnings in passenger and sundry by 10.68 and 32.90%, respectively.The total earnings in the division, as on February 2012, have come down. During the corresponding year last year (2010-11), the total earnings were Rs 547.46 crore, while it is Rs 466.44 crore this year (14.80% less).The import of iron in the state is banned since August 2010. The earnings in other coaching and goods too has come down. Last year, Rs 10.8 crores was earned, while it has come down by 22.97% Rs 8.32 crore this year. In goods earning last year, it was Rs 397 crore, while it is Rs 302.53 crore (down by 23.97%) this year. In passenger's earnings, the division earned Rs 143.43 crore this year, which was Rs 129.59 crore last year. In sundry, it managed to earn Rs 12.16 crore, which was Rs 9.15 crore last year. During this year, the number of passengers is also increased -- last year, the number of passengers was 430.16 lakh, while it has gone up by 5.75% to 454.90 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12223967", "title": "Election debacle: BJP needs serious introspection", "text": "GUWAHATI: The BJP needs to do a serious introspection on its successive failures in assembly elections in the region. After a poor show in last year's assembly elections in the state, the party received a drubbing in the Manipur polls this year despite putting in all effort.Over the years, BJP has expanded its organizational activities in the northeast, particularly in Manipur and Assam. But the outcome of the poll results showed that the saffron party needed to build up organizationally to make its presence felt.BJP fielded 19 candidates in the Manipur polls and some of its top national leaders attended high-pitched campaigns in the run-up to the elections. But the saffron party failed to win even one seat. In contrast, All India Trinamool Congress (AITMC) showed good performance by winning seven seats in Manipur.Last year, in the Assam assembly elections, BJP's seat tally came down to five from 10, compelling the state leaders to put serious thoughts on the prospect of the saffron party in the northeast. With the dismal performance in this year's Manipur election, the sense of dejection has further heightened within the party.Even the Naga People's Front (NPF), in its maiden electoral venture in Manipur, won four seats.Political analysts said in comparison to NPF and AITMC, BJP's organizational presence in Manipur is quite old and party leaders - both at the national and state level - were actively involved in getting a toehold for the saffron party in the state.BJP leaders conceded that there is a need to introspect on how to strengthen the party organizationally in Assam and Manipur.\"It is a serious setback for us. Our performance in the Assam assembly election was bad. Now, the Manipur poll results are disheartening. Both national and state leaders should do meticulous study on what caused these failures and what should be the future course of action,\" a senior BJP leader said.The leader reasoned that as opposition parties fought in a fragmented manner, the benefit went to Congress in Manipur. He said Bthe party's decision to not project a chief ministerial candidate also did not favour the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12215002", "title": "Yeddyurappa camp will make most of Hubli bash", "text": "HUBLI: There's a buzz in Hubli, with at least a dozen BJP legislators , including ministers, busy in the past two days, overseeing arrangements for former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's show of strength on Sunday.Armed with a clean chit from the high court in the Lokayukta's report on illegal mining, Yeddyurappa, who celebrated his 70th birthday in Bangalore on February 27 on a low scale, wants to go the whole hog at the Nehru Grounds in Hubli. A delegation of his loyalist ministers, Murugesh R Nirani and Basavaraj Bommai, among others, were in Goa on Friday to invite BJP national president Nitin Gadkari for the event. But the latter is said to have expressed his inability to attend due to his preoccupation with post-poll strategy in the five states where assembly elections were held.Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and BJP state president K S Eshwarappa have not outright declined to attend, nor have they assured Yeddyurappa of their participation. The possibilility of one of them making it to the function is not ruled out, as both did on February 27, surprising Yeddyurappa by arriving for his luncheon meeting he had hosted for his supporters.His supporters will utilize the platform to ask the central leadership to give him a role in the party, now that the court has given him a clean chit. The leaders have asked him to bide his time as eight other cases are pending against him. The Central Empowered Committee is also expected to give its opinion to the Supreme Court shortly, whether a CBI inquiry is warranted in the alleged transaction of money in illegal mining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12215095", "title": "Pollution watchdog seeks report on wagon unit", "text": "KOLKATA: If the West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) doesn't take any steps soon, residents of Ballygunge will have to continue to bear with the air and noise pollution generated by M/s Besco Ltd, a wagon manufacturing unit in the heart of the densely populated residential area.On February 15, the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB), after receiving complaints, wrote to the WBPCB seeking a report on the status of the industrial unit and the Action Taken Report, if any. No report has been submitted by the WBPCB as yet, officials confirmed. Meanwhile, on January 16, the ministry of railways placed an order for 2,937 wagons with the unit in Ballygunge.The plight of the Ballygunge residents, particularly those living around Jamir Lane, first came to light in November, 2011, when TOI reported how the wagon factory continues to spew venom into the air in spite of having received orders to shift its operations to Baruipur in 1999. The WBPCB had then promised to take steps to curb the pollution. It isn't clear whether the authority took any steps but locals continued to complain.Matters came to a head when the unit received the fresh order for the wagons. This implied that the factory would continue to operate from the area for at least two more years. Having lost faith in the state body, the State Government Employees Federation (WB) and Child Welfare Society wrote to the CPCB. The complainants alleged that they received no response in spite of having made several representations to authorities in West Bengal.The CPCB finally wrote to the WBPCB, stating: \"Reference is invited to the representation made by the State Government Employees Federation (WB) and Child Welfare Society against M/s Besco, Ballygunge, about the air and noise pollution due to industrial activities in the factory. The complaint is self explanatory and I am hereby forwarding copy of the same for your kind information. You are requested, therefore, to kindly get the area inspected once and send the present status as well as the Action Taken Report, if any, to us so that this office can reply to the complainants accordingly.\"Though the letter was addressed to Sandipan Mukherjee, member secretary of the WBPCB, he refused to comment on the matter and said that chairman Binoy Kanti Dutta was looking after the matter. Dutta said he had been assured by factory officials that steps would be taken to bring down the pollution - both air and noise - at the manufacturing unit. \"A month and a half ago, I sent engineers to inspect the site. The engineers detected some anomalies and asked the officials at the unit to rectify them. The officials informed us later that necessary steps have been taken. I can't say whether the factory is still operating or not,\" Dutta said. He, however, said he has no information of any letter received from the CPCB.Debapriya Mukherjee of the Eastern Zonal Office of the CPCB confirmed that the letter was sent but a reply from the WBPCB was awaited. P B Nag, general secretary of the State Government Employees Federation (WB), said he was extremely disappointed with the WBPCB's attitude. \"It is strange that the pollution watchdog is behaving in this manner. We shall seek the chief minister's intervention if things continue as they are,\" Nag said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12215897", "title": "Greens want ecological stability", "text": "Even as union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee readies to present economic vision of India in 2012-13 general budget, greens have sounded a note of caution saying 'economic stability cannot be achieved without ecological sustainability'.\"If short-term economic gains are not replaced by a longer-term ecological and economic vision, India will probably end up as an economic basket case because our large population cannot be sustained for more than a year or two if the mismanagement of our natural resources continues at a fast pace in this era of climate change,\" said Bittu Sahgal, noted environmentalist and editor of Sanctuary Asia, India's environmental news magazine.Sahgal said, \"The first thing I would like to see in budget 2012-13 is some sign that our government recognizes climate change as a serious threat to our survival. In the years ahead, perhaps around 25% of our national budget will have to be invested in countering climate change and the sooner we start walking this path the better.\"\"The finance minister must recognize that India's economy is sitting on a bedrock of ecological stability. Digging cheap coal or bauxite out from under natural forests may help window dress his budget, but it amounts to selling India's family ecological 'silver'. The loss of ecosystems will drive our people into penury,\" Sahgal said.Satpuda Foundation chief Kishor Rithe says it is to be seen how much importance the government gives to wildlife and forests. Giving more grants for joint forest management committees (JMFCs) and eco-development committees would only imply rural development through wildlife and forests. Hence, government should not discriminate when it comes to allocation of funds.Even as the state forest department received Rs 408 crore under various heads in 2011-12, the amount is less if the norm of 2.5% allocation for forestry of total state budget is concerned. The forest department budget has increased four times in the last six years from 0.37% to 1%. Considering the threat perceptions, the budget for forest and wildlife needs to be doubled.Rithe says government enhanced the relocation package to Rs 10 lakh per family, but where is the money? Proposals worth Rs 200 crore to relocate villages are pending with the Centre. \"Nationally, minimum Rs 5,000 crore is needed to relocate 760 villages in core areas,\" he added.Prafulla Bhamburkar, manager of Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), feels last year's budget took some good decision like 'Green Mission'. However, environmental problems are mainly related to forests which are degraded and disappearing vastly from the Indian landbanks.\"Even JFM and EDC policies are not effective to save forest and wildlife. Tremendous illegal collection of fuelwood, illicit timber cutting, bamboo extraction, fire and poaching for easy money are responsible for habitat loss,\" said Bhamburkar.Debi Goenka, of Mumbai's Conservation Action Trust (CAT), agree with the view. \"I really hope that money is needed for demarcation and protection of forest lands in the field. More funds are required for equipment for forest guards and foresters who actually protect the forests.\"\"I think it is time that provisions are made for starting a separate wildlife cadre - may be the Indian Wildlife Service. This would bring in wildlife trained officers to the protected area (PA) network and prove to be a big step ahead as many PAs are tottering due to untrained managers at the helm. Considering the large number of posts lying vacant in the Wildlife Crime Control Bureau (WCCB), the government should extend some special incentive/allowance to make WCCB posting attractive to officers,\" said Nitin Desai, director of Wildlife Protection Society of India (WPSI), Central India.Harshawardhan Dhanwatey, president of Tiger Research and Conservation Trust (TRACT), says, \"Most of our rivers originate in forests. If the forests are degraded, one can imagine what will happen. Hence, government should consider it to be an important sector when it comes to allocation of funds.\"Wishlist Of Greens And Environmentalists* More funds to relocate villages in core areas* A separate wildlife cadre* Boost for eco-development committees* More focus on carbon credits and climate change* More funds for tigers in non-protected areas* Provision for secret funds for intelligence gathering* Harness renewable energy sources to reduce dependence on fossil fuels* Cut taxes on green equipment* Tomorrow : Families and Homemakers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12214904", "title": "New Manmad-Nashik-Mumbai train", "text": "NASHIK: Since the Manmad area is growing and is already struggling to handle the more number of trains originating or passing through the area, Railways is facing problems in managing the traffic, prompting Nashik MP Sameer Bhujbal to advocate the development of Nandgaon railway station to ease the situation.\"In such a case it would be better if the Railways developed Nandgaon Railway station, just 30 minutes away. The Rajya Rani Express starting from this station could then link the last station in the district to Mumbai, \" Sameer said.Bhujbal was speaking to mediapersons in Manmad after flagging off the Manmad-LTT (Kurla) Rajya Rani Express on Saturday at 12.40pm. The train was flagged off by Dindori MP Harishchandra Chavan, Nashik MP Sameer Bhujbal, and divisional railway manager, Bhusawal, Hemant Katiyar, jointly.The regular operations of the new train would commence from Sunday. The train will start its journey from Manmad daily at 5.20am, and leave Nashik at 6.20am to reach LTT (Kurla) at 9.50am. In its return journey, the train is expected to leave LTT at 7pm to reach Nashik at 10.15pm and reach Manmad at 11pm.Manmad faces water scarcity and most of the times water has to be transported from other areas. This puts pressure on the infrastructure in the region and hence it is advisable that some of the services be shifted to other locations for effective use of the resources.Since Nandgaon was home to steam loco shed in the past, part of the infrastructure, along with the platforms, is already ready and could serve as a good alternative, Sameer said.Incidentally, Nandgaon is the constituency of his cousin Pankaj Bhujbal, who is the Nandgaon MLA, though Manmad falls in the Nandgaon constituency. Sameer added that plans to develop Nashik Road railway station through a public private partnership model are being finalized and it could soon see the light of the day.Speaking about the train, which originates from Nasik, Sameer said that thought the Rajya Rani took almost a year to get up and running, he expected the announcement of the Kusumagraj Express, dedicated for Nashik-Mumbai travel, in the forthcoming Railway Budget and also its implementation at the earliest.Earlier, speaking at a public programme at the station, Chavan demanded that Nashik should also benefit from a horticulture train for grapes and onions as the Railways has started one for bananas in Jalgaon. He also stressed that the train should originate from Nandgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12224191", "title": "Agricultural fair opened", "text": "RAMGARH: A two-day agricultural fair was inaugurated here by state agriculture minister Satyanand Jha Batul on Sunday on the Cantonment football ground. A large number of farmers were present on the occasion.Speaking on the occasion, the minister asked the farmers to take benefits of various agriculture schemes of the Union as well as the state government for prosperity of the region.\"I was under the impression that farmers of this region cannot produce vegetables, paddy, oil seeds and pulses. But it came to me as a pleasant surprise that farmers of this district topped in the state in vegetable production. I hope the use of modern method of agriculture will further improve the production scenario,\" said Batul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chinsurah", "code": "12215242", "title": "Cleric accused of raping 10-year-old", "text": "CHINSURAH: The imam of a mosque at Namazgarh in under Hooghly Mogra police station went absconding after a van rickshaw owner complained to police that the cleric had allegedly raped his 10-year-old daughter.In the complaint, the father Qurban Mollah said his daughter had broken down on Friday evening after suffering Sheikh Sarfuddin's brutality for days.\"My daughter used to would study Arabic at the mosque along with other children. Of late, she had become quiet and looked terrified when leaving home for lessons. I thought that it was perhaps because she was unable to cope with studies. But on Thursday evening, she broke down, unable to bear the torture any longer. She said the imam Sk Sarfuddin had been physically abusing her for several days,\" the father alleged.Additional inspector in charge of Mogra PS, Ashesh Biswas, said a police team was on the lookout for Mollah, who had fled after learning that the victim's father was filing a complaint. \"We will probe the allegation. The child is being sent for medical examination,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12219012", "title": "I am taking a break from comedy: Akshay Kumar", "text": "Post the release of comic caper \" Housefull 2\", actor Akshay Kumar says he will be taking a break from comedy to concentrate on action films and serious cinema.In the Capital to shoot for Neeraj Pandey's multi-starrer \"Special Chabbis\", the 44-year-old, who began his film journey with action films like \"Khiladi\", \"Khiladiyon Ka Khiladi \" and \"Mohra\", said he was dying to do action for the past seven years.\"There was too much of comedy from my end. Even I got bored of them. For the past seven years, I was craving for a serious and full-fledged action film but I was loaded with comedy.\"Action is something with which I have started my career and it gave me the platform to become a star. I enjoy doing them and now for sometime I will stick to this particular genre.\"After \"Housefull 2\", my next two releases - \"Joker\" and \"Once Upon a time in Mumbai 2\" are hard core actions. I am happy that the action man is back,\" Akshay told PTI.In the past few years, Akshay has been seen in numerous comedy films like \"Welcome\", \"Singh Is Kinng\", \"Housefull\" and \"Tees Maar Khan\". (MORE)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12218972", "title": "Matthew McConaughey moves to Texas", "text": "Matthew McConaughey has moved his family to Texas, and is happy to finally live in a place where he can be himself.The 42-year-old actor, who has son Levi, three, and two-year-old daughter Vida, with fiancee Camilla Alves , explained that he appreciates the laid-back vibe of the Texan capital, Austin, and is truly happy to live in the city. \"No one recognises you and no one asks you, 'Hey, what do you do?,' because I don't think anyone cares. Fridays show up sooner here.You want to get along in Austin, you want to get along in Texas, all you have to do is be yourself,\" said McConaughey. \"My mother-in-law from Brazil has travelled around the world and we've lived in Los Angeles and New York. She says to me the other day, 'In LA, people will walk on your back and stand on your shoulders to get where they are going, in New York , they will just pull out a gun and tell you they will kill you. Here in Texas, everybody walks together.' I think that is a compliment, Austin,\" he added. Matthew is familiar with Texas, after all, he grew up in the small town of Uvalde in West Texas and then attended the University of Texas in Austin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12224511", "title": "DC order on smoking zones", "text": "DHANBAD: Dhanbad deputy commissioner S K Barnwal has asked the owners of hotels and restaurants to open smoking zones on their premises and asked police to enforce Cigarettes and Other Tobaco Products Regulation Act, 2003, near educational institutions.Barnwal said it has been found that cigarettes shops are operating near the educational insitutions. They should be shifted at least 100 feet away, he directed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216689", "title": "'Dinosaur helps keep room cool'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you thought that future living was only about gadgets and tech-smart houses, figure this. Room walls inspired by a snake rib structure, water lily-shaped flooring and shell-shaped dome structure inspired by a dinosaur's body. ' Inspired by both plant and animal kingdom, a unique concept of a self-sustained home, given by Harpreet Singh and Mrignaynee Bhagat, beat 133 other teams of architectural students across the globe.To give flexibility to the walls, we used the snake rib structure so that it can be moulded in any form. For floor strength we used water lily structure bearing 136kg of weight. The octopus skin sucker points have been used to bind the pipes, of which the structure is made, explained Harpreet.We have ensured that ample air circulation is there and also enough cooling. For this we used condensation of water. We also used the shell shape of Dimetrodon, a dinosaur, in our concept. This was done to maintain the room temperature, said Mrignaynee.Second to the CCA's concept, only students of NIT Raipur , managed to bag a rank in the top 50.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12215822", "title": "Maharashtra Animal and Fisheries University expansion sans NMC clearance", "text": "NAGPUR: After the Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) and Army, it's the turn of another government institution, the Maharashtra Animal and Fisheries University (MAFSU), to go ahead with building construction without any sanctioned plan. The expansion project of the Veterinary Hospital and College at Alankar Square has got the ire of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).A visit to the site shows that construction has come up to the ground floor. MAFSU has displayed a board highlighting the construction as expansion project.The Dharampeth Zone office of the NMC claims to have no communication about the construction. It is a routine practice that the NMC's Town Planning Department sends the copy of the sanctioned building plan, after giving approval, to the respective zone office.A team of Dharampeth Zone officials, led by assistant commissioner Mahesh Moroney, had visited the site in December last year. The engineers at the site failed to produce the relevant documents. \"We asked them to submit relevant documents within a week and also directed that the construction work be stopped,\" said an NMC official.Though construction work has stopped at the site since then, Mafsu has failed to submit any documents. \"It goes to prove that Mafsu doesn't have a sanctioned building plan and may have applied for it after the visit by the Dharampeth Zone officials,\" said the NMC official.However, an engineer from Mafsu claimed to have got the sanction for the building plan. \"We have recently obtained the approval. The sanctioned building plan will be under our possession soon. The application for the building plan was made before the commencement of the construction,\" he said.What is also exposed in this episode is the lack of coordination between NMC departments. As per norms, the officials of Dharampeth Zone should have inspected the site and served notice for further action such as penalty or demolition if the party fails to submit the relevant documents in the specified time. The officials of Dharampeth Zone neither tried to get confirmation about the sanctioned building plan from Town Planning Department nor initiated any action.Earlier the PDKV had constructed a huge structure spending crores without obtaining any sanctioned building plan. The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court had ordered demolition of the structure. Now the case is pending with the Supreme Court. Similarly, the Army had reportedly started the construction of residential quarters in Sitabuldi Fort without following the official process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12220837", "title": "Getting under the skin!", "text": "Actors work really hard at getting under the skin of the characters they play, and some leave us with memorable performancesWhen Vidya Balan got 'dirty', she managed to make every other heroine feel the heat with her Silk Smitha act.That's because the actress got under the character's skin so well, that the viewer's forgot they were watching Balan on screen. There are many actors who've managed to made the viewers forget who they are watching, and given us some memorable performances.Amitabh Bachchan in Paa: The third National Award that the actor received for this film couldn't have been more well-deserved. Amitabh WAS Auro, an intelligent and witty 12-year-old boy with the rare genetic defect progeria. An extremely tough role, played to perfection by the supremely talented actor.Priyanka Chopra in 7 Khoon Maaf: She commits seven murders in the film but the audience still couldn't get themselves to blame Priyanka. That's because she made us empathise with her. A class act by Priyanka. And now, she's set to play an autistic girl in the upcoming Barfee. We're sure she won't disappoint!Abhishek Bachchan in Guru: Much like his paa, Abhishek Bachchan was a delight to watch in Guru. The intense acting, coupled with the right looks and mannerisms, was what made the role of Gurukant Desai so appealing and inspiring.Hrithik Roshan in Guzaarish: The movie might have failed on the Box Office but no-one who saw Hrithik Roshan's performance in the film had a bad word to say about it. It must have been an extremely tough act for the actor to play the paraplegic character of Ethan, yet he did it with extreme dignity and portrayed it with elan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216103", "title": "Mayor assures immediate action in land encroachment case", "text": "NAGPUR: Newly elected mayor Anil Sole has assured to take immediate action against the contractor for encroaching upon land worth crores in prime Bhagwagar layout.TOI, on Saturday, had exposed the encroachment done by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) contractor RM Goplani upon Nazul land adjoining Children's Traffic Park, in Bhagwagar Layout, Dharampeth for over eight years.\"The Bhagwagar Layout citizens had brought the issue to my notice during the election period,\" Sole told TOI. I will not tolerate any such illegal activities. Besides, the citizens are also encountering many problems due to vehicular traffic etc. I will initiate action at any cost,\" Sole assured.Interestingly, the encroached land falls under Sole's new ward Shankar Nagar/Deekshabhoomi.The mayor lamented upon the fact that encroachment drive was not being undertaken effectively by the NMC. \"I had directed the administration to deploy zone-wise squads to ensure encroachment-free city. But it never happened. I will work out zone-wise squads and ensure removal of all encroachments,\" he promised.Meanwhile, sources informed that Goplani has been enjoying a permanent power connection since March 7, 2005. As per details available from Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL), the connection bearing number 410013546219 under Shankar Nagar DC is in Goplani's name. It is a commercial connection and was disconnected for sometime in 2009. Currently, the connection is in use raising a question as to how could Goplani get a permanent connection on an encroached land. This is a pointer to the fact that NMC, district administration and MSEDCL officials are hand in gloves with the contractor.The civic officials did not bother to inspect the site, citing an excuse of second Saturday being a holiday.The officials of either NMC or district administration have not either inspected the site or initiated any action on Saturday. It was obvious that the officials are citing the reason of holidays falling on second Saturday followed by Sunday.Deputy collector (revenue) Milind Kumar Salve told TOI that the inspection would be carried out on the first working day i.e. Monday. \"Encroachment will be removed if found to be on Nazul land. Besides this, penalty will be imposed on the contractor right from the day of encroachment as per the norms,\" he said.Former corporator from the ward Baba Maind informed that the contractor had encroached upon the said land for nine years. The contractor got the MSEDCL's power connection some seven years back.The situation in the case will come out clear on Monday once the civic authorities initiate action against Goplani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12214804", "title": "Gujarat high court relief for telecom companies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a big relief for mobile service operators, a division bench of Gujarat high court has ruled that the companies need not supply eight documents sought by civic body for installation of towers, if they fulfill the norms of General Development Control Regulations.The Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) had sealed premises of mobile company towers after demanding certain documents such as BU permission, etc. A single-judge bench of HC even upheld the SMC's decision of re-opening the towers in return for Rs 50,000 in payment.Bharti Infratel Ltd and other companies even paid the amount to get the seal of towers opened. However, the companies also challenged the order before division bench. After hearing the case, the bench concluded that the civic body was not justified in asking for the documents related to the status of buildings on which the towers are installed. The bench held that if the companies fulfill GDCR conditions, the civic body should not ask for any other document.The company told HC that it had paid nearly Rs 1.3 crore for reopening of the seals. HC asked the SMC to refund the amount within six weeks. However, the court clarified that the NOC issued by SMC to telecom companies for installing towers does not mean that the civic body is constrained to take any action in connection with the buildings, if they do not have either proper NOC or BU permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12216189", "title": "Tryst with coronoation", "text": "MYSORE: Did you know when Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar was coronated as the Mysore Maharaja, or the timeline of Mysore Palace's construction?Also, did you know that Kalayana Mantap in the celebrated palace hosted the coronation of his successor Jayachamaraja Wadiyar?As the Mysore Palace completes a century, the opulent monument's varied footprints in history make for an interesting reading. Officially declared as completed during 1911-12, the palace cost Rs 41.50 lakh to the Mysore administrators, almost double the cost when the project was initiated in 1897 (after the wooden palace was damaged in a fire accident). Interestingly, when the project was taken up, Maharani Vani Vilas was in charge of the administration of the erstwhile Mysore state. She took the lead in building the monument.After the fall of Mysore ruler Tipu Sultan at Srirangapanta in 1799, the Mysore royal family returned to rule the state with Mummadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar assuming power. He took charge on June 30, 1799, but his coronation didn't take place in the wooden palace. According to 'Mysore Gazetteer', \"special preparations were made for the function. An open pandal was erected and a numerous concourse of people gathered at the place to witness the ceremony\". The spot, according to the 1930 work, \"was not far away from the Palace\".However, the maharaja lived in the wooden palace.\"The wooden palace was an old structure of great extent, separated by open courts, in the Indo-Saracenic style,\" historian T P Issar has written in his monumental work on Mysore -- 'The Royal City' -- quoting from a report of 1890 published in 'Indian Engineering'. The report notes that the wooden palace's interior was richly decorated, while the exterior was quite commonplace. When Mummadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar died on March 27, 1868, Chamaraja Wadiyar, who was a minor, was proclaimed as his successor and was installed on September 23, 1868. However, he took over the reins of the administration on March 25, 1881, when he was installed as the maharaja at the old palace (which gutted in 1897, some three years after his death).The fire mishap occurred during a royal wedding, but Maharani Vani Vilas didn't waste much time in commencing the work on the new palace. The important brief was that combustible materials should be avoided for building the new palace.While the new palace was taking shape, Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar turned 18, after which he was formally installed as the maharaja (in 1902). But since the palace was under construction, his coronation was held at a special pavilion attached to Jagan Mohan Palace. The pavilion was built two years earlier -- during the wedding of the maharaja. \"The maharaja was installed on the throne on August 8, 1902, in the pavilion attached to the Jagan Mohan Palace at Mysore,\" historian Hayavadana Rao notes in 'Mysore Gazetteer'. Many of the events attached to the Mysore royal family, including Dasara durbars, were held at Jagan Mohan Palace since the palace was not available. However, the durbar moved back to the palace in 1910.After his demise in 1940, when Jayachamaraja Wadiyar ascended the throne on September 8, 1940, the ornate Kalyana Mantap within the precincts of the new palace hosted the much-venerated event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12214980", "title": "Anti-corruption body meets Pawar over polls", "text": "NASHIK: Taking a serious note of issues related to fake voter ID cards, electronic voting machine (EVMs) and other electoral malpractices raised by Nashik-based Movement Against Corrupt Electoral Practices (MACEP), union agricultural minister Sharad Pawar assured that he would study the issue and raise it with the state government.The Gopal Patil-led MACEP, whose members cut across party lines, including Musheer Sayyed, Shivaji Nimse and others, met Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) president Sharad Pawar while he was in the city on Saturday.Speaking to the members, Pawar assured them about taking the issue seriously. \"Pawar gave us a patient hearing on the issue. He went through the set of papers presented to him. He then said that the issue was serious and needed proper attention. He has also assured us that he would look into the matter and take up the matter with the state government.\"The MACEP presented a memorandum to Pawar, drawing the attention of the minister towards issues like thefts of computers from the collectorate, bad electoral rolls inflated with names of electors from various parts of the district, no action taken against fake Election Photo Identity Card (EPIC) holders who were caught at different polling stations, failure of EVMs in the polls, and many booth-level agents gping out of the polling station even before of EVMs have been sealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12215862", "title": "93% aspirants fail teacher\u2019s eligibility test", "text": "NEW DELHI: With a staggering 93% of aspiring school teachers failing to clear the Central Teacher Eligibility Test (CTET) 2012, the quality of teacher training in the country has come under the scanner.The results of the competency test conducted by the Central Board of Secondary Education, declared on Tuesday, show that just around 7% of the 7.85 lakh managing to clear the exam.Of the 8,61,231 aspirants registered of which 76,004 could not appear in the test due to the assembly elections in five states. Of the 7,85,227 aspirants who appeared only 55,422 managed to clear either paper I or paper II or both.What's even more worrying that this year's performance is worse than the CTET in 2011, which recorded around 9% pass percentage. Meanwhile, after the dismal show last year, the Ministry of Human Resource Development has already asked the CBSE to analyse the results institution wise and has decided to provide feedbacks to teacher education institutions so that they can improve on their teaching and training.The CTET was introduced in 2011 by the ministry to improve the quality of teaching in schools after the enactment of the Right to Education Act.The CTET certification has been made mandatory to become a teacher for classes I to VIII in any central government school, while the CBSE affiliated schools can either recruit teachers based on the CTET or the respective test conducted by the states.In fact, the Delhi government too decided to adopt the CTET for recruitment of teachers for government run and aided schools.The CTET comprised two papers, paper I for teachers for classes I to V and paper II for classes VI to VIII. Aspirants who wish to get certified for classes I to VIII need to clear both the papers.The objective is to test their knowledge on the syllabi - English, mathematics and environmental science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12215779", "title": "Black flags to Saif: For old timers, it's deja vu", "text": "BHOPAL: When locals showed Saif Ali Khan black flags in the city against an appointment of a caretaker of Auqaf-e-Shahi or royal wakf properties in Saudi Arabia, it was a feeling of deja vu for some Bhopal old timers. They say similar tactics were adopted to dissuade late Mansoor Ali Khan from his close association with the city.Saif, was in the city on Friday night to see the World Series Hockey (WSH) game between Bhopal Badshahs and Delhi Wizards and to promote his forthcoming film \" Agent Vinod \".Earlier on Thursday after pressure from some groups, Auqaf-e-Shahi secretary Anwar Mohammed Khan submitted his resignation.Speaking to TOI Khan said, \"I was not given an opportunity to clarify my stand and it was the late Nawab Pataudi himself who appointed Abdul Karim-al-Unayzi as the vakil (power of holder of royal properties in Saudi Arabia).\" Unayzi is a Saudi national, but not linked to Bhopal.As per Auqaf-e-Shahi's accord with the Saudi Arabian government, the profit money from the 'rubaats' cannot remitted to India or elsewhere and must be spent on pilgrims and their welfare. Moreover, the power of attorney holder has to be a Saudi national.There are 4 royal 'rubaats' or guest house for Hajj pilgrims which can house 540 pilgrims, which are not enough for 1048 pilgrims from Bhopal. The Auqaf-e-Shahi run by the royal family hires the guest house for the remainder.\"There were 45 'rubaats' of the Hyderabad Nizam in Saudi Arabia but their number came down to one after Saudi nationals were appointed as caretakers,\" said Arif Masood, explaining the reason for protesting the decision.These 'rubaats' came into being during the time of Nawab Sikander Jahan Begum who along with her mother Nawab Qudsia Begum became the first Muslim ruler while on throne to perform the Hajj way back in 1863.\"People like Masood do not tell the full story, the so-called Bhopali caretaker is a Saudi national too,\" explained Khan.When Sharmila Tagore and her daughter arrive in Bhopal later this month, they are likely to replace the current caretaker, Abdul Karim-al-Unayzi who belongs to the clan of ruling royal family, but has no connection with Bhopal. He is likely to be replaced by brother-in-law Fahim Rizvi, current Bhopal Qazi Syed Mustaq.Insiders say the erstwhile royal family is being made to backtrack from Bhopal after moves by Sharmila Tagore on her earlier visit sent jitters among the old guard. \"Begum Sharmila gave a clear signal of change. Some of these who have been profiting from the Nawab's absence stand to lose,\" said an insider seeking anonymity.What plays out in the next few weeks would decide if the next generation of Bhopal's royal family would stay connected to the city or it would mean a disconnect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12215883", "title": "1 in 1,000 suffer from Primary Immune Deficiency Diseases", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The first national conference on Primary Immunodeficiency Diseases (PIDs), organized by Indian Society for Primary Immune Deficiency (ISPID) and Foundation for Primary Immune Deficiency Diseases (FPID), US, commenced at PGI on Saturday.Population-based surveys carried out by Jeffrey Modell Foundation, US, and Immune Deficiency Foundation, US, show that the prevalence of PIDs in the community may be as high as 1:1000. This implies that in India there would be almost 1 million individuals with a PID. Majority of these individuals are, at present, not being diagnosed and treated, as a result, most of these patients succumb to these conditions without their condition ever having been diagnosed, implied the survey.The conference aims to fill in some of these lacunae in the present knowledge about PIDs. PGI director Dr Yogesh Chawla emphasized on the work that needs to be done in this field. He also detailed the facilities for investigative work-up that are currently available in the institute. Dr Chawla emphasized upon the urgent need for establishing facilities for molecular diagnosis of PIDs in India.The scientific session began with an introductory talk on the immune system by Prof Sudhir Gupta professor of medicine, pathology and laboratory medicine, University of California . He highlighted the major defects in immune system which can result in PID. Dr Gupta also dwelt on a new PID which his group has recently described, viz. Selective IgM deficiency.The day ended with a panel discussion on clinical issues related to the field of PID.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12216745", "title": "Will Adani Mine make a comeback in Lohara?", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Citizens of Chandrapur had struggled for entire 2009 to thwart proposed Lohara coal mine of Adani group posing threat to tiger corridor and environment. Bowing to people's pressure, ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) had turned down environmental clearance to Adani's mine in Lohara jungle. But, annulment of 'Go-No-Go zone' policy of MoEF and fresh recommendation of union coal ministry has opened the avenues for Adani and other coal mines. threatening the tiger corridors and environment to come back again with full force.\"Coal ministry has resolved in its January meeting, to ask all the coal block allocatees whose environment clearance was turned down earlier because of 'No Go Categorization' to re-approach concerned state forest department for further consideration. The ministry has urged the state governments to increase their co-operation to the block allocatees in order to clear pending proposals and adhere to 24 months time schedule for granting of mine lease to captive coal blocks. The approach of ministry has opened the avenues for Adani group to once again push for Lohara mine,\" said wildlife activist Bandu Dhotre in a press conference.His organization Eco-Pro was instrumental in anti-Lohara mine protests to save the southern tiger corridor of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) threatened by mine.Dhotre has obtained the copy of minutes of the meeting held on January 11 and 12, by additional secretary (coal) of coal ministry to review the development of coal blocks allocated up to December 2011. He alleged that coal ministry has turned so lame under the pressure of mining lobby that it had given free hand to allocatees to redefine their boundaries in consultation of state forest department in the case of coal blocks falling in buffer zone or under tiger reserve area and subsequently move forward for forest clearance to MoEF.\"GoM had already annulled the Go-No-Go categorization framed by then environment and forest minister Jairam Ramesh . Following the recommendation of GoM, coal ministry has requested MoEF to issue fresh guidelines to its regional offices on Go-No-Go issues. It is all done to clear the way for the coal block allocatees for environment clearance for the held up blocks,\" he alleged.Eco-Pro has appealed to the chief minister, state forest minister, forest secretary and PCCF (wildlife) urging them not to clear the proposals of Lohara (Adani) and Bandar coal mines. \"All the merits and demerits of Lohara coal mines have already been studied and government had found that allowing the mine would threaten the existence tigers of TATR. Therefore the proposal of Lohara mine was turned down by both state and union government. Hence, government should not consider reviewing the proposal anymore if the block allocatee approaches for fresh clearance,\" Dhotre urged.Fresh surveillance by forest department in the Lohara jungle had revealed the presence of tigers, leopards and bears, along with strong population of herbivores, he said.He also highlighted the case of Bandar mine coming up in the northern corridor of TATR. \"The fresh recommendations of coal ministry would also make the Bandar mine's proposal buoyant, despite earlier negative remark of Bramhapuri forest division and TATR over the creation of the mine. Allowing this mine would adversely affect the only corridor connecting TATR with Bor and Melghat forest,\" he warned.He informed that recent research of Aditya Joshi of National Center of Biological Science has proved that DNA samples of tigers in TATR and Kawal sanctuary in Andhra Pradesh have similarities. It proves that tigers from TATR migrate through its corridors to distant jungles, hence any attempt to severe these corridors by allowing mines would prove fatal for the population of over 40 tigers in Tadoba, Dhotre warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12216581", "title": "Is March 15 the lucky day for Akhilesh Yadav?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The swearing-in ceremony of Akhilesh Yadav will be held on March 15, which is being considered auspicious for him. The ceremony will be held at the spacious La Martiniere Boys College grounds between 11am and 1pm.Earlier, the plan was have the swearing-in ceremony on March 12. Now that day, sources said, was being considered for the swearing in of Mulayam Singh Yadav as chief minister. But that got changed to March 15 once it was decided it would be Akhilesh as CM.According to sources, invitations have been sent to various dignitaries, including Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee and National Conference leader Farooq Abdullah , who are expected to attend the ceremony. Invitation is also likely to be sent to BSP supremo Mayawati. But it's uncertain if she will attend the event.It has been a tradition that the outgoing chief minister attends the swearing-in of the successor . Mulayam Singh Yadav too had attended the ceremony in 2007 when BSP chief Mayawati stormed to power. Interestingly, the change of date has left many SP MLAs in a fix. They had come from their respective constituencies on Saturday expecting that the swearing-in ceremony will be held two days later. But the change of date has forced them to look for accommodation to stay put in the city for another five days.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "purba dutt has a simple question", "code": "12218853", "title": "What next?", "text": "Purba Dutt has a simple question: What do people who have everything, and can buy anything, crave to own?Subhash Shihora is a new kind of pilot. He is a weekend aviator, who likes adding to his nursery of toys. After making news in May last year for buying the world's first flying car, Transition, made by USA-based aviation company Terrafugia, the 33-year-old UK-based Gujarati entrepreneur has chased the 6 crore acquisition with a luxury sport plane that can land on water. The ICON A5 launched by a California start-up, and priced at $139,000 on the company website ( 68,61,453 approx), has automatic wings that fold for storage in a garage, its own trailer, and platforms that connect to docks or piers.After the Federal Aviation Administration created the Sport Pilot category in 2004, requiring only 20 hours of training for the recreational aviator, manufacturers knew they could hook new customers like Shihora. The interiors designed by BMW and Nissan , and cockpit gauges that look like they belong to a sports car's dashboard, make the A5's sex appeal tough to resist. A first spin in Mumbai, with no less than Princess Eugenie of York, is one Shihora wishes to follow up with a joyride over Mumbai's upscale suburban neighbourhood of Juhu. \"To land the plane on the Arabian Sea at Juhu comes next on my wish list,\" says the promoter of UK-based financial consultancy firm, Urok Group, off-handedly.Sleep is sweet but costly In 1976, Forbes created the Forbes Cost of Living Extremely Well Index based on a selection of 40 goods and services exclusive to very rich customers. The Index names an Olympic size swimming pool, sold by Mission Pools, currently listed at $1.4 million ( 6.93 crore approx) and the \"journey of total well being\" by The Golden Door Spa in California, listed at $6,750 ( 3.34 crore approx).Back in India, which Forbes said in 2010, housed 58 US Dollar billionaires, after having gold-plated automatic sports watches delivered to their homes, the rich are going back to basics. All they want is a good night's sleep. Except, sometimes, it costs close to half a crore.Swedish bedmaker Hastens has stores across Mumbai, Ahmedabad and New Delhi, and boasts a 150-year-old tradition of crafting handmade bespoke beds suited to client specification. Their Vividus beds, priced at 54 lakh, are crafted from the tail hair of blonde and black Swedish horses, and are being snapped up by the seriously loaded. There's a theory to justify the price: Horsehair comes with its own, extremely effective, built-in ventilation system, which is how the animal stays cool in summer. This quick-drying property of its hair is perfect for a mattress because body temperatures often transform into moisture in the form of perspiration, says a statement on the company website. \"You have to experience these beds to know what it is to sleep on one! They sell an average of four Horsehair beds every month,\" coos image consultant Chhaya Momaya, the face of the India launch of the brand. For those wondering who is shelling out the moolah, other than the King of Sweden , it's politicians and clients from Bollywood , says store manager Divya Rawat.To be king all you need is a throne After the 1.5-crore all-glass designer kitchen by Porsche , where you whip up your Sunny Side Up each morning, why not invest in wishing chairs and jewel-sprinkled flying carpets? Silver furniture and swing designer from Udaipur, Mohammed Shahid heads Apollo Arts &amp; Crafts, where a team of craftsmen is rapidly embellishing India's prosperous homes. His last discussionworthy assignment was to create a 24-carat pure gold throne for an NRI businessman in Los Angeles . \"He wanted something that would make him feel like a king,\" says Shahid. To match the small-town India debauchery, a Mumbai- based diamond merchant is believed to roll out a carpet scattered with 50-carat diamonds, emeralds and rubies, on special occasions. His only condition - you walk on this jewelled wonder barefoot.After that, Anuj Jain, Ludhiana's Richie Rich and CEO of Shingora Textiles Ltd.'s desire to de-stress at the Song Saa Private Island in Cambodia seems tame. That's until you see the Overwater Villa rate per night - $3,590 ( 1.77 lakh).Although Shihora has beaten Ina Arora to it, the woman behind D'Decor, the world's third largest producer of upholstery, says she wants the flying car to lift her above chaotic peak-hour traffic. \"And if someone ever made one, I'd like an oxygen mask that I could wear as a fashion accessory. It would help me breathe virus-free, disease-and-ailment-free air,\" says Arora on an evening she is busy organising a private by-invitation-only musical evening for friends and family with tabla maestro Zakir Hussain .For the men, when it's not expensive wheels, it's obscenely expensive sips of rare vintage single malts in the Highlands of Scotland , says luxury retailer Sandeep Arora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12217096", "title": "This \u2018Shukarvari\u2019 collector plans museum", "text": "VADODARA: He is known to own one of the oldest pan shops selling traditional pans in the city, but few would know that Prakash Bhavsar also has an exhaustive collection of antiques. This amateur collector now plans to start a small museum of his own so that people can see items that he has acquired over the years.From a ceramic bowl believed to date back to Harappan civilization days to Raja Ravi Varma's oleographs, Bhavsar has acquired his collection over the years by visiting the 'Shukarvari' secondhand goods market in the town. From calling his fascination a waste of money, his family today supports him in maintaining the collection.Bhavsar (60) says he started visiting 'Shukarvari' market 30 years ago. \"Initially, my hobby was to collect boxes meant to keep pans and material used to prepare them and brass betel nut cutters. These were something that is connected to my business,\" said Bhavsar, who has his shop in Raopura area of the city.Gradually, he started collecting other items too. These included crockery, glass artefacts, cameras, lamps, wooden showpieces, hookahs and other items. He also acquired 250 books regarding antiques or related topics. These books date back to the fifteenth century. \"It was references and details in one such book that gave me an idea that the ceramic bowl I had acquired dated back to Harappa or Mohenjo-daro civilization days,\" he says.Bhavsar, with the help of his son, is preparing a digital data base of his collection. He then plans to have a website dedicated to his collection. Bhavsar had to move to a new house on Waghodiya Road some years ago from his old house in Nani Chhipwad as his collection needed space.This collector has now dedicated an entire hall on the upper floor of his house for his collections. He plans to organize it and start a museum there so that people can come and see it. Bhavsar rues the fact that 'Shukarvari' market no longer has antiques being sold there. \"People have become more aware. They either keep such things or sell them as antiques,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12215696", "title": "Engineering girl student ends life", "text": "Unable to marry a person of her choice, an engineering girl student committed suicide by hanging herself to death in Pardeshipura area in the city on Saturday.Pinki alias Priyanka Mendolia, the daughter of late Rajaram Mendolia was found hanging in her house in the wee hours, the police said. She was studying in BE final year at a private college in the city. Her father had died a few years ago. Mother of deceased works as a teacher in a government school at Mhow.According to police, when her mother knocked on Priyanka's room door, she did not get any response. This alarmed girl's mother, who sought the help of neighbours. When they broke open the door, the girl was found hanging from the ceiling.The police sent the body to the MY Hospital for the post-mortem.Police found a suicide note in which the 22-year-old girl reportedly criticized her family members for not allowing her to marry a person of her choice. Opposition of her family members to her relationship with Vikki forced her to take the extreme step, the girl wrote. She has written that her mother has refused to accept Vikki by refusing to give a nod to their marriage. The girl reportedly expressed her \"last wish\" requesting Vikki to put vermillion on her head. She has asked her mother to \"live happily\" with her \"money and pride.\"The police are trying to verify whether the letter has been written by the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12222328", "title": "Difficult for BJP to come to power in 2014: RSS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Holding that BJP is suffering from \"Congress patch\" in UP, the RSS has said it will be difficult for the saffron party, which has a \"bigger army of leaders than workers\" in the state, to come to power in 2014 Lok Sabha elections unless it answers the questions posed by assembly poll results.In the editorials of its mouthpieces Organiser and Panchjanya, the Sangh asked the BJP as to why it could not be the choice for voters despite having an organised structure and cadre in the state.\"In Uttar Pradesh, the BJP will have to think about the bigger army of leaders than workers,\" it said.The BJP has performed poorly in the elections and could manage only 47 seats -- four less than it secured in 2007 polls -- in the 403-member UP Assembly.Asking the BJP to look into the election results, the RSS said, \"Election results in UP have posed several questions and their solutions have to be found well in time otherwise 2014 general elections can become 'agneepath' (path of fire) for it and crossing it to reach the centre of power can prove to be difficult.\"The RSS alleged that the BJP is suffering from \"Congress patch\" in the state and is disconnected from the people.\"In UP, the BJP too suffers from a Congress patch - disconnect with its voters. So, it has lost half of its vote share in the last one decade,\" it said.\"Core ideological issues, principled approach and credibility of leadership are needed to sway the voter. More than the party, the leader and more than the leader, his track record (performance) determines poll outcome these days,\" the editorial in The Organiser said.The RSS said with the kind of casteist and communal politics dominating UP, the BJP's weakening there will strengthen the fundamentalist forces as has been proven by the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12215039", "title": "40 malpractice cases reported from state board exams in 2012", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The sixth day of the state board exams reported total ten malpractice cases, taking total tally of such cases to 40 this year. On Saturday, the maximum number of copy cases was registered in Junagadh, said board authorities.Officials said that class X had maths paper in which four malpractices were reported whereas class XII (general stream) had economics paper where six were booked for copying. Out of six, four were reported from Maliya Miyana in Jamnagar district. Two cases were from Godhra and one case each from Jamnagar and Junagadh for class X paper.\"A student tore the paper into pieces when he could not answer a single question and thus we booked him for malpractices in Jamjodhpur. Overall, the exams have been peaceful in the state with special focus on the sensitive centers. So far, both class X and XII have reported a total of 40 cases of copying. Special squads have been formed at district level to keep a tab on the students and flying squads have been assigned tasks to ensure no intervention from either school or teachers,\" said a senior state official.'Leaked' Maths paper kept officials on toesA team led by district education officer (DEO) visited two schools in Vastral after phone calls on the DEO helpline for the board exams on Saturday informing about rampant copying. It was rumoured that the Maths paper got leaked and after procuring the papers, several persons made notes and helped their kin appearing in the exams. \"We checked all the classrooms and also tallied the papers. Thus, we can say that no paper left the premises before time. However, we have kept an eye on the sensitive centers and will inspect them from time to time,\" said a senior state official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12215419", "title": "Govt holds fire on President reference on 2G verdict", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Saturday deferred a decision on making a presidential reference to the Supreme Court on the 2G verdict, with members of the Union Cabinet seeking further clarifications on issues on which the apex court's view should be sought.The Cabinet is expected to meet again next week, where solicitor general Rohinton F Nariman will be asked to present the legal point of view in seeking such an opinion, a source privy to the discussions said. Telecom minister Kapil Sibal explained the implications of the verdict at the cabinet meeting on Saturday.The cautious approach reflects government's anxiety about not being seen as opposed to the SC verdict which has been hailed, particularly for the cancellation of 122 2G licences, as a blow to corruption and crony capitalism. UPA leadership, like many others outside the government, finds some aspects of the judgement - like promulgation of auction as the solitary way of allocation of national assets - problematic and impractical. The formulation of the reference will be aimed at juggling the twin concerns, with the political leadership keen that the right balance is struck.The government has filed two petitions in the Supreme Court, including seeking a review on grounds that the court was intruding into executive's domain by backing auctions for scarce resources such as spectrum instead of the first-come-first-served (FCFS) policy. Besides, the government has told the court that it would take nearly 400 days to complete the process of awarding fresh licences and spectrum based on an auction process against the four-month deadline given on February 2.But the Centre has maintained silence on the decision to scrap 122 mobile licences awarded during former telecom minister A Raja's term. \"We have not challenged the cancellation of 122 licences. Under the law, you cannot seek a reference and through that process challenge the judgment... We are not challenging the judgment but we are seeking reference on those issues,\" the source said.The presidential reference is seen as a move to get the court to respond to specific issues such as persisting with the FCFS policy. Apart from the impact on sector such as financial sector where the regulator goes by the \"fit and proper\" criteria while granting licences, the court ruling has implications on other telecom licences too. There are several licences that were issued by the telecom department prior to 2008, where the FCFS principle was used and the government is keen to know the fate of these awards.The reference is proposed to be made under Article 143 of the Constitution, which will make the court look at the issue in detail. The Supreme Court is, however, not bound to answer all references.\"A reference is not meant to overturn a judgement of the court because a reference court is not a court of appeal. The Supreme Court is the final court. So, reference court is not a court of appeal but if some issues arise out of a judgement, which are in the nature of public issues, we can seek a reference,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12215133", "title": "Never say die, old city proposes new metro plan", "text": "GURGAON: The 'Metro Lao Sangharsh Samiti' organized a discussion on Saturday to chart a concrete plan on how to bring the Metro to the densely populated old city.The meeting was organized as the samiti members realized that two main pressure groups making conflicting demands regarding the proposed Metro route can derail the entire movement.While a section of the residents have been rallying hard to put pressure on the Metro officials so that they agree to cover the old city in the proposed IFFCO Chowk -IGI airport express line, there are others who want the existing Jahangirpuri-HUDA City Centre line (line-2) to be extended to the old city.\"We felt the need to jointly organize this meeting and also involve other stakeholders like market association members and other RWAs as we realized that there is some confusion prevailing over the Metro route. We want to clear the confusion, more so after some residents along with some NGOs met the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) chief last week along with the Gurgaon MP asking the airport express line to be extended to the old city,\" said Dr Ashok Taneja, an organizer. \"Now we have collectively decided that we will no longer push for the airport line to be extended but would ask DMRC to extend HUDA City Centre line all the way to the old city, passing through important places like Subhash Chowk, Rajeev Chowk and Sadar Bazar. This will mean an extension of about 20-odd kilometres. The DMRC can then extend this proposed line so that it branches out to IMT Manesar on one side and towards Dwarka on the other side. We have already met the HUDA chief, MCG commissioner and the deputy commissioner and have presented this proposal. The HUDA chief is likely to call DMRC officials next week after which we will also meet the chief minister,\" he added.Sources in the DMRC indicated that the new route appears to be more viable. \"Extending the IFFCO Chowk-IGI airport line to old city is almost impossible since the route has been finalized and there is not much scope to alter it. However, this new route that has been proposed appears more feasible. We will prepare a detailed project report in about three months. We don't foresee any problem since HUDA will provide us the land and funds to construct this line,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12215068", "title": "Exam stress: Scolded by mom, boy hangs self", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Class 10 student committed suicide on Friday evening after his mother allegedly rebuked him. Avikant (16) was found hanging from a ceiling fan at his home in Mansarovar Park in northeast Delhi.Avikant was a student of Arwachin Public School located in Vivek Vihar and was appearing in the board exams. His mother, Madhu, told police that she found him hanging from a fan after she returned from the nearby market on Friday evening,\" a cop said.\"Avikant's science paper was on Saturday and he wasn't studying. His mother scolded him for wasting time and forced him to sit with his books. He locked himself in his room and committed suicide,\" the cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12216800", "title": "What led to the detection?", "text": "City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay had formed around half-a-dozen team of police officers and deployed more than 50 personnel to detect the murder of Monica Kirnapure.Police were working on three main theories of romance-related complexities, involvement of any sex racket or a case of mistaken identity which finally turned out to be true. The first clue that came in the way of police was mobile phone communication between mastermind Kunal Jaiswal and inmates of the private hostel where Monica lived. Kunal and his friend Pradeep Sahare were picked up and quizzed but nothing came out in the beginning.Dhanvijay's strategy of deploying a bunch of probationary women sub-inspectors in the hostel to stay as inmates for collecting information proved to be a master act. The young officers were the first to pick up the clue that Jaiswal was upset with his girlfriend who was also staying in the hostel. It also came to fore that Jaiswal was collecting information about his estranged girlfriend from another inmate. After Jaiswal mobile communication was intercepted, Shrikant Sonekar was picked up who spilled the beans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12216123", "title": "'Azam Khan to be Akhilesh\u2019s mentor'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav worked out the time-tested formula of getting Azam Khan to propose Akhilesh's name as CM and get his brother Shivpal to second it, as TOI had reported on Friday. Both were believed to have been initially reluctant to back Akhilesh, but came around at Mulayam's prodding and will be placated with plum posts. Getting them to back Akhilesh, who acted as the force-multiplier for the party and took it beyond its traditional Muslim-Yadav base, will also make them stakeholders in the crucial decision that could give a new direction to UP's politics.But even till Friday night, Khan was believed to have been holding on to the demand for the speaker's post. But it was only on Saturday morning that he relented after the assurance of a clutch of important portfolios.Akhilesh arrived at the meet ahead of Mulayam, who came five minutes later, accompanied by Khan. Ram Gopal Yadav , who had first proposed Akhilesh's name at the March 7 parliamentary board meeting, set the ball rolling at 11.35am with his welcome address. He pointed out that it was for the first time ever that the conference hall was so packed, a reference to SP's thumping majority which has given the party 224 MLAs in a house of 403. Independent candidate Raja Bhaiyya was also present, the only non-SP MLA around.Mulayam spoke after the crowning of Akhilesh, referring to the party's past struggles. But he made one thing very clear. Akhilesh, he said, will be CM for sure, but it is for Khan to keep it all together.At the post-meet press conference, too, Mulayam spelt it out clearly that the senior Muslim leader will guide Akhilesh, thus chalking out the role of a mentor for him, which should ensure Khan does not feel let down but sees the crowning of Akhilesh as a handing over of power to a younger generation.On his part, Mulayam wants to focus on the Centre, with his eyes firmly on the now-emerging Fourth Front of regional players, including Mamata Banerjee , Naveen Patnaik , Nitish Kumar and the TDP. With the UP numbers to back him, Mulayam could emerge a key player in this front as it takes shape to tackle a weakened Congress ahead of the 2014 LS.While Mulayam had driven to the party office with Akhilesh and Shivpal from his residence, he did not accompany his son to meet Governor B L Joshi to formally stake claim to form the government. After the formalities, Akhilesh addressed his first press conference as a CM-designate, reiterating that all promises in the manifesto will be honoured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214591", "title": "Nizam-era monument faces threat", "text": "HYDERABAD: The over 80-year-old Government College of Nursing on Raj Bhavan Road, a listed heritage monument which was originally the residence of a Nizam's officer, faces a serious threat. The college authorities are constructing a three-storied building right in front of the monument, flouting all heritage conservation norms. Apart from jeopardizing the safety of the original monument, the upcoming building, heritage experts say, will block the view completely of the stately monument, standing tall in the centre of the city since the 1930s.Being built by the Andhra Pradesh Health, Medical, Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation, the new concrete building is coming up at less than 10 feet (approximately four metres) from the heritage structure. Pillars have been erected and labourers are in the process of laying the foundation. Stone crushing and JCB machines have been deployed at the site where the work on the new construction is learnt to have started about a month ago. If that's not all, there is yet another single-storied building coming up behind the monument to provide hostel facility to students. While authorities claim that no part of the heritage structure has been demolished to make way for this hostel, a site visit reveals otherwise. Apart from classrooms that were once part of the original premises, even sheds and other extended portions of the monument have been bulldozed to make way for the modern building.Not only is this in violation of the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Remains Act, which categorically states that no construction activity can be permitted within 300 metres of a heritage site, it is also against local municipal rules. The college authorities are learnt to have ignored the fundamental rule of seeking the permission from the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Corporation (HMDA) before initiating such works. When contacted, Syed Ziauddin, chief planner, HMDA said, \"The college has not sought any permission from the Corporation. Our officials visited the site on Friday and we will look into the matter soon.\"Ironically, while the college management seems to be in a rush to go ahead with the new structures, the original monument continues to remain in a shambles. The broken walls and the decaying interiors clearly show how the structure has not been attended to in decades. \"About two years ago, I was asked to draw up a restoration plan for the college. I inspected the site and submitted my report stating that it was completely restorable. However, nothing has been done so far,\" said conservation architect Suryanarayana Murthy, reiterating the importance of the structure, which he claims was once among the few heritage monuments with a sprawling garden and well-laid landscape. However, nothing of that remains now.\"We are carrying out the construction under government orders. The college authorities have no role to play in this,\" clarified Shamshad Begum, principal of the college. She added, \"After HMDA officials inspected the site on Friday they said that they would give the required permission soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12224043", "title": "Tea body asked to call off blockade", "text": "JORHAT: The district administrations of both Jorhat and Nagaland's Mukokchung on Sunday held a joint discussion at the conference hall of Mariani College to find a solution for the problems faced by the people of both the states living along the inter-state border. The meeting was attended by All Assam Tea Tribes Students Association (Aattsa) and border peace committee members, deputy commissioners and superintendent of police of both the districts.Upper Assam commissioner S I Hussain assured Aattsa that their demands would be addressed immediately and appealed to them to withdraw the economic blockade against Nagaland at the earliest. \"We will provide the required security arrangements to the bordering Assamese people and undertake joint efforts with Nagaland to ensure peace in the border. We have also decided to organize a meeting at Sirang basti on March 13 to form a local peace coordination committee,\" he said.Aattsa assistant general secretary Dhiraj Gowala said, \"No decision for withdrawal of the economic blockade has been taken so far. We will have to discuss the matter with the other members of our organization first.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12215695", "title": "Act tough against illegal activities, says CM", "text": "BHOPAL: Facing heat from the opposition over the law and order situation, Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Saturday talked tough saying that divisional commissioners and inspector generals of police would be held liable for any lapse in maintaining law and order in the state.In a five hour long video conference with top officials at the state secretariat, chouhan said \"Don't look at the face, colour of party flag or not to succumb to pressure from any quarters while taking action against those involved in illegal activities\".Asserting that the government would not give any patronage to such elements, the chief minister asked the officials to take firm stern action against such elements. District collectors and superintendents of police must keep strict vigil in their respective districts, he said. Home Minister Umashankar Gupta, Chief Secretary Avani Vaish, Additional Chief Secretary and OSD R. Parshuram, Director General of Police Nandan Dubey and top officers were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12215196", "title": "Excise department to respond to liquor petition", "text": "GURGAON: The excise and taxation department is preparing a detailed response to the petition filed by the MCG councillor, Nisha Singh, who had sought a stay on the liquor shops in green belts in Gurgaon.The Haryana government earned Rs 357.63 crore from auctioning 317 liquor vends in Gurgaon on Friday. The deputy excise and taxation commissioner, Anil Kadyan, said, \"The liquor licence owners would be allowed to open shop, as per the guidelines issued by the excise and taxation department.\"Kadyan also claimed that no shop will be allowed in and around the restricted zone of the 150 metres from the school gates, residential areas, colleges and religious sites in the city. In the last hearing, the court had sought replies from the deputy commissioner, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG), the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA), forest department, excise and taxation department and the divisional commissioner. Kadyan said: \"The department will respond to the petition, providing all the policy documents and the details of the liquor vends and shops in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12215938", "title": "SP government may restore zonal policing system in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: On March 15 when Akhilesh Yadav will take oath as the youngest chief minister of UP, it will be time to undo several decisions which Mayawati took during her five-year rule. Sources said that on top the 'undo' priority list is the most-discussed and controversial of all, for it did not go down well with IPS officers, was the scrapping of zonal system of policing.The decision, taken in February 2009, has resulted in upgrading of the ranges by posting inspector general (IG) rank officers instead of deputy inspector generals (DIGs). According to senior police officials, no matter who calls the shots in the police administration at the top level, IPS officers have decided to demand revoking of the current system of policing and restore zonal policing.In fact, sources confirmed that several leaders who are likely to get important portfolios in the SP government have in principle agreed to scrap the current system. A senior official at DGP headquarters said that any decision to undo what was done during the BSP regime would be taken only after March 15.A senior Samajwadi Party leader, preferring anonymity, said that even though CM designate Akhilesh Yadav has said before mediapersons that no decision would be taken with political vendetta in mind, the fact that IPS officers in general are not happy with the decision of BSP government will definitely be in mind of the youngest CM.While abolishing the zonal system, Mayawati had also upgraded the post of SSP rank officers in some districts like Lucknow, Kanpur, Allahabad, Varanasi, Gorakhpur, Meerut, Bareilly, Moradabad, Agra and had posted DIG rank officers instead. Similarly, in NCR region, Mayawati also formed NCR Zone and posted ADG rank officer. Now sources said that all the above decisions of Mayawati will be revoked by the SP government and the old (zonal) system will be restored.Sources said that since SSP system in major districts would again be implemented, the matter of transfer of Lucknow DIG D K Thakur would automatically come up as being a DIG, he can't hold the charge of an SSP. Similarly, transfer of other eight district chiefs also becomes certain this way. At a meeting recently, IPS and PPS officers had demanded restoring of the earlier zonal policing system. According to senior police officials, it is after this that the voices demanding the old system have grown louder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12216642", "title": "4 drown during Holi revelry in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Four people drowned in various parts of Odisha while six were injured in road mishaps in the city during Holi revelry on Friday. Police said one Raju Singh, a resident of Balakati area here, went missing in Puri canal on Friday afternoon. Body of the 18-year-old was fished out on Saturday. Raju worked as a painter and stayed with his brother Gobind in the city.The duo, from Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh, was staying here since the past few years. Two other men, who went to Koel river near Rourkela to take a bath after playing Holi, drowned near Jhirpani pump house. Sources said the fire brigade has recovered one body and is trying to trace the other. Another person drowned in a pond on Jajpur road. Besides, cracking down on tipsy revelers, police fined 60 persons, mainly bikers, for honking and rash driving in the city during the celebration.Six persons were injured in at least four road accidents in the city, all of them minors, police said. Barring the stray incidents, the festival was largely peaceful in the state capital, police said, however. Meanwhile, Japanese tourists in Puri celebrated the festival of colours with much fanfare under the banner of India-Japan friendship centre, an organization promoting tourism between the two countries. At least 30 Japanese tourists participated in the revelry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12216818", "title": "Four brothers get jail term", "text": "AKOLA: Bhirad brothers, partners in a real estate firm, were sentenced to six months jail term by the magistrate in a cheating case.Balmukund Bhirad, Rajesh Bhirad, Shrikrishna Ratan Bhirad and Madan Shyam Bhirad were directed to pay Rs 60,000 as compensation to complainant Rekha Nandkishor Goenka. Goenka had invested Rs 2 lakh in the firm. When the cheque issued by Birad brothers bounced, she filed a case. Balmukund is former Akola ZP president.Army jawan killed in road mishapArmy jawan Digambar Dhale died in a road accident near village Shirla on Thursday, police said. Dhale, who was on leave, had gone to Patur in Akola district for some work. His bike dashed another vehicle. He died on way to Akola hospital. The driver of the killer vehicle fled.One killed, four injured in accidentOne person was been killed and four others were seriously injured in a road accident on Thursday.The deceased has been identified as Vikas Wagh (35), driver of one of the three trucks involved in the accident.20-yr-old commits suicideResident of Chikhli Tirumala Raju Khandebharad (20) committed suicide by hanging herself on Thursday. Offences have been registered against her husband Raju, father-in-law Raghunath and mother-in-law Kashibai for mentally and physically tourturing Tirumala for dowry.Ringing bells to recover taxKhamgaon Municipal Council (Buldhana district) adopted a novel way of ringing bells in front of tax defaulters' homes. Embarrassed by this move, many defaulters have started paying the outstanding tax amount.54-yr-old woman dies in accidentA speeding truck knocked down a 64-year-old biker on Washim-Akola Road on Friday evening. While the man was seriously injured his 54-year-old wife, who was pillion, died on the spot. The deceased has been identified as Indubai Pralhad Aandhale. Her husband Pralhad Aandhale, who has been admitted to Akola General Hospital, is said to be critical.Meanwhile, nearby villagers caught the fleeing truck driver Mukhtar Ali and handed him over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12215239", "title": "Poor primary students yet to get uniforms", "text": "KANPUR: The students of most of the primary schools are still waiting to get free uniforms under a scheme of the state government although the current academic session is about to end.Initially, it was decided to give uniforms to girl students upto class VIII. Later, the boys were also made beneficiaries. The uniforms were to be distributed with the commencement of 2011-12 academic session but the wait continues.The schools where uniforms were distributed does not contain sweaters and winter dresses which were to be provided to all the students.According to the government orders, uniforms must be distributed to all students with the starting of academic session in July or August. But due to late sanction of payments, the distribution of uniforms got delayed till September.Even after declaring November as last month of uniform distribution, nearly 70 per cent students still await the benefits.Meanwhile, the grant for winter dresses is still pending because of which all the children had to manage sweaters by themselves.\"Free uniforms were provided to students last time in January-2011, in the last term of previous academic year. Even after several requests, no uniforms were distributed in all the schools located in area,\" a teacher of Azad Nagar Primary School said.The winter dresses were distributed to girl students two years back. After that, no winter dresses were given to any student.Another teacher of Parmath Prathmik Vidyalaya said that no uniforms were given to students in school since the past 15 months.Basic education officer Rakesh Kumar said that there is a scheme of providing free uniforms to students to economically backward section of students in government primary schools. All students in government and government aided primary schools are eligible for benefits under the scheme. Kumar said that he will try to ensure that the students get uniforms as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12215603", "title": "Uttarakhand MLAs want Arya, but no decision yet", "text": "DEHRADUN: Congress central observer Gulam Nabi Azad on Saturday held a closed door meeting with the party's legislators to ask them about their choice for the Uttarakhand Congrees Legislative Party (CLP) leader. The CLP leader's name is yet to be declared.Congress spokesperson Surendra Aggarwal said that the Congress central leadership may declare the name of the CLP leader latest by Monday.A highly-placed Congress source told TOI that during the meeting the legislators stressed that the CLP leader must be chosen from their group and not from the five Congress MPs in Uttarakhand.The source said the names of Congress state chief Yashpal Arya and former opposition leader Harak Singh Rawat figured prominently in the one-on-one discussions with Azad. Sources also said that Yashpal Arya was the frontrunner as an acceptable leader.Most of the Congress MLAs said Arya deserved to be nominated as their leader as Congress' dalit face in Uttarakhand and because of his leadership qualities. Congress sources also said that Azad's meeting with the MLAs was just a formality as party leadership has already finalized the name of Yashpal Arya as the CLP leader.Elections 2012 NewsUttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12215229", "title": "Dry days are back", "text": "As summer grows harsh, the Garden City is getting resigned to the looming water crisis. The demand for precious water is getting louder, and while areas in the south and west are lucky, areas in the eastern part of the city are already facing the heat, quite literally.According to BWSSB, the city is facing a shortfall of 400MLD per day. As against the demand of 1,350MLD, the city is getting only 950MLD from Cauvery and Arkavathy sources: roughly a shortfall of 40-50 litres per head per day. With the promised Cauvery 4th Phase, 2nd Stage project -- which envisages supply of 500MLD water to Bangalore -- likely to be operational only in June, residents are worried.Another reason affecting proper, equitable supply of water is the asymmetrical terrain of Bangalore city. Areas in South Bangalore have the least problem as the main water pipes cross through these areas and there is ample pressure. Frequent breakdowns in power supply and the need for maintenance work has also contributed to the problem.Bangalore East Williams Town, Pottery Town, Bore Bank Road, SK Garden, Marappa Garden, Chinnappa Garden, ITI Layout, Nandidurga Road, parts of Jayamahal are facing a severe water problem. \"We have been facing a water problem for years now. Pleas to BWSSB are of no help. The local MLA and corporator have turned a blind eye. Though there are some borewells, they are not sufficient to meet the demand of locals. People have to buy water from shops,\" Jamaal Ahmed, a resident of Williams Town told STOI.EXTENT OF IMPACT Water shortage for years, once in three-four days or even a week OPTIONS Tanker waterNeelasandra The problem is no different in Neelasandra. \"For the past many years, we have been facing this problem. The situation may get bad in the coming days. BWSSB officials have not bothered to set things right. If you don't have a pump attached to a water line, you don't get a drop of water. BWSSB, instead of correcting it, are asking us to adopt the same methodology,\" says A Harindranath Shetty, a resident. EXTENT OF IMPACT Poor water supply for years OPTIONS Connections to water line needed to get consistent supplyChamarajpet The situation in some of the southern areas is as bad as the eastern areas. \"Though they supply water once in two days, it is just a trickle. Luckily, we have borewells on all roads that were drilled during the last BBMP election. But, that water is not potable. It is hard water and can only be used for other purposes. BWSSB said that since our house was located in an elevated area, pressure is low,\" says S Murthy, a resident of N Agrahara near Chamarajpet. EXTENT OF IMPACT Once in three days OPTIONS Have to depend on borewellsKUMARA PARK (WEST ) Some people are lucky as they have alternate sources of water. Kumara Park (West), close to Seshadripuram, is an affluent area in the city. Many of the buildings are old and one can see open wells here. \"We moved here in 1991. We have an open well. Though water is less due to the onset of summer, it is enough for 20 days in a month. Because of that, we are not very dependent on Cauvery water. We have also adopted RWH,\" said Veda Ramakanth, a resident. EXTENT OF IMPACT No Cauvery water supply OPTIONS Forced to depend on well waterCAMBRIDGE LAYOUT Benedict Ajit, a resident of Cambridge Layout near Halasoor, says they are managing summer with conservation methods. \"Water supply is normal. But we manage because we have adopted some conservation methods and use water judiciously. Since we have only four members in the family, the requirement is manageable,\" he said. EXTENT OF IMPACT Once in two days OPTIONS Storage of water to use for some days", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216855", "title": "Scandalous questions can't be permitted during trials: High Court", "text": "NAGPUR: Giving respite to a Buldhana doctor, the Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court has ruled that scandalous questions in ordinary course of action cannot be permitted during trials.\"The question might be having some bearing on trial. Despite that, it is highly scandalous and cannot be permitted,\" a single-judge bench of Justice ML Tahilyani ruled. The court quashed down order passed by Buldhana chief judicial magistrate which permitted the respondent's counsel to ask petitioner - Tumchi Patni Va Aaropi Yanche Prem Sambandh Hote Ka? (Whether your wife and accused had extra marital relations?).\"In my considered view, the trial court should have disallowed the question,\" justice Tahilyani said while setting aside the CJM's order of June 30 last year and also disposing of the criminal application filed by Dr Mayank Varshi (name changed to protect identity). Abhay Sambre pleaded for the petitioner.The medico had moved to the higher judiciary against Buldhana police station officer and medical representative Shirish Dubey contending that if respondents are permitted to ask question about relation of his wife (also a doctor) with the accused, it amount to scandalizing and embarrassing their image as both are reputed medical practitioners.Dubey had allegedly entered home of the petitioner on November 14, 2009 and threatened him with dire consequences as the latter had stopped purchasing medicines from his Nagpur-based pharmaceutical company on the ground those were not effective. Dr Varshi then lodged a complaint with the Buldhana police station under Sections 452, 323, 504, 506, of IPC, related to trespass and other offences.The trial began at the Buldhana CJM court where Dubey's counsel sought permission from CJM to ask the \"scandalous\" question to the petitioner. The CJM allowed the counsel to go ahead on June 30, last year after which the petitioner moved to the high court arguing that the question had no relation with the facts and it was an attempt towards character assassination of his family.Citing Section 151 of the Evidence Act, Justice ML Tahilyani in his judgment observed that it (scandalous question) doesn't relate to the facts of the issue. \"It is not necessary for the court to determine whether a particular fact in the issue existed or not. The fact which requires determination by trial court is whether there was any offence of criminal trespass and voluntarily causing hurt and other offences, as alleged,\" he said.The judge further observed that (scandalous) question proposed to be asked to witness does not relate to the facts in the issue. \"It is not necessary to get answer to that question to determine whether the alleged trespass and other offences had been committed by the accused medical practitioner,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12222655", "title": "JD (U) firm on claim over sixth RS seat", "text": "PATNA: The senior state NDA partner - JD (U) - is unlikely to withdraw its claim over the sixth seat of the Rajya Sabha in favour of the BJP. The leaders of the two parties are yet to sit and resolve this issue even as notification for the RS poll for the six seats falling vacant soon will be issued on Monday.Of the six seats, three seats are held by JD (U), one by BJP and two by RJD. But this time, RJD has hardly any chance given its reduced strength in the state assembly. Its two seats are likely to go to the NDA. Even as state BJP leaders are holding meetings and preparing panel of names to be sent to the high command, JD (U) is sitting comfortably and has almost decided its strategy. Chief minister Nitish Kumar, who left for New Delhi on Sunday afternoon to attend the wedding ceremony of old pal and political rival Lalu Prasad's daughter, reportedly discussed the RS election with some close confidants.When pointed out that the JD (U) does not have the numbers to get its fourth candidate elected on its own, a senior JD (U) leader retorted, \"Neither do they (BJP). We need their support and they need ours.\"Highly-places sources in the JD (U) said that this time the 'no-repetition' formula would not be applied, which was enforced in the last biennial election. Indications are that all the three retiring members - Anil Sahni, Mahendra Prasad and Ali Anwar - will be retained.\"There has been initial discussion on some names for the fourth seat,\" a JD (U) minister said and added that since the matter came up for discussion at the level of the CM, this was enough hint to the BJP about the stand of the JD (U) on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12217091", "title": "Citizens of Vadodara to keep their Sunday date with Sayajirao", "text": "VADODARA: The city which derived one of its names from its visionary ruler will hold a series of programmes to kickstart the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III.It was on March 11, 1863, that a young boy - Gopalrao - was born in a farmer's family in Kavlane village of Maharashtra. Almost accidentally, he was adopted as the ruler of Baroda state at 12. And, Sunday will be the day when Sayajinagari will celebrate this journey that the son of a peasant travelled to become one of the best known rulers of any princely state of India.Reliving the royal era, Barodians will witness the grandeur of yesteryears once again as elephants, horses, palanquins and chariots will pass through city roads as part of the Shri Sayaji Savari organised by the Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad Smarak Trust.Such royal processions were organised during the Gaekwadi rule when thousands used to throng the streets of Baroda state to take a glimpse of the king who shaped and gifted them a modern day cosmopolitan city to live in.A 1939 green Packard vintage car is being pulled out from a garage at the Prince Ashokraje Gaekwad School, while weapons of the royal armory that is secured in one of the rooms of the magnificent Laxmi Vilas Palace are being polished. Over 100 such floats will be part of the Sayaji Savari that will witness members of the royal Gaekwad family dressed in traditional attire as eight musical bands, 90 'dhols', 'lezims' and 'shehnais' will fill the air with the fine blend of music.The royal family has also decided to keep the main gate of the palace open for Barodians so that they can pay tribute to their visionary ruler while scores of visitors including foreigners have already started flocking the royal palace.If an exhibition of acrylic paintings on canvas \"Mee Sayaji\" kicked off at Akruti Art Gallery on Saturday, the cultural capital of Gujarat will witness another exhibition \"One among others\" of 150 paintings prepared by 32 female artists on Sunday morning at Sarjan Art Gallery.MS University will keep its door open for all citizens. The Faculty of Science, which was set up as Sayaji Jubilee Institute in 1933, will celebrate the day by holding an Open House where people can not only witness experiments but also conduct them.Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi will flag off Sayaji Savari - a royal procession which will mark the beginning of 150th year birth anniversary celebrations of Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III.The Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad Smarak Trust patronized by royal scion Maharaja Ranjitsinh Gaekwad and chaired by mayor of Vadodara Municipal Corporation Jyoti Pandya has organized this procession. It will be flagged off at Navlakhi compound at 5 pm. \"A total of 100 floats will be part of Sayaji Savari. These floats will be put up by religious trusts of all faiths, schools, public sector units and industries, M S University, private colleges, sports institutes and social groups,\" co-ordinator Nilesh Shukla says. There will also be vintage cars, weapons from the royal armoury, dance groups and even comic characters in the procession.\"Eight bands will be playing musical instruments while different sports groups will display the art of judo, lezim and malkhambh in the procession which will be welcomed by members of Muslim and Jain communities as the procession passes through the city,\" Shukla adds. Around 100 physically handicapped citizens will be part of the procession on their tricycles, while 150 skaters will also showcase their skills on the streets as they will be joined by sportsmen and women from all sports associations of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "12215157", "title": "TMC feud turns nasty in Birbhum", "text": "SURI: Just a day after top Trinamool leaders in the district held a meeting at Suri, Birbhum MP Satabdi Roy convened another meeting on Saturday and said she's not game for \"dirty politics\". She also stressed on weeding out factionalism among party ranks. However, two meeting within 24 hours by two factions laid bare the in-fighting among party colleagues.On Friday, state minister Chandranath Singh, Labhpur MLA Manirul Islam and most councilors of Suri Municipality lambasted Suri MLA Swapan Ghosh in a meeting. \"Our leader Mamata Banerjee has ordered the MLAs to spend more time in their constituencies. But our MLA stay here on week-ends only. We do not get his co-operation in development work,\" said Ujjal Mukherjee, chairman of Suri Municipality.However, on the very next day, Roy, along with Ghosh and Rampurhat MLA Ashis Banerjee, held a rally at Suri DRDC Hall and tried to cleanse the party's image. \"People expect a lot from our government but some of us are causing harm to the party. It is more dangerous that the attack by the CPM or other parties. It is not the CPM, now we ourselves are our own enemy,\" Roy told the gathering.\"Those who are encouraging factionalism in the party are doing garbage politics. I would like to remind you that their conception is wrong,\" she added.Meanwhile a couple of weeks ago Gadhadhar Hazra, MLA from Nanoor and Seikh Sahanwaj, MLA from Ketugram (Burdwan) organised another public meeting in Nanoor . Sahanwaj himself originally hailed from Nanoor though he contested from Ketugram. Immediately after that meeting the 'Birbhum district conference' was held in Bolpur in which district TMC president Anubrata Mondal was present. In that 'district conference' Satbadi Roy, Ashis Banerjee, Swapan Ghosh , Gadadhar Hazra remain absent. The MLA from Murarai and animal resources minister Nure Alam Chowdhury maintained distance from all factions by do not attending any of the meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12218577", "title": "No takers for crowd-funding in Odisha", "text": "How open is Ollywood to the concept of crowd-funding? As an industry, hardcore, commercial cinema works in Ollywood. In that context, the directors here are not optimistic about opting for this kind of financing for their movies.Says director Raju Mishra, \"This is an extremely good concept and I'm all for it. But, unfortunately this is not possible in Odisha. The movie-watching crowd wants to see out and out commercial, big-budget cinema. Crowd-funding can make a small-budget movie, but that'll not be commercially successful.\"Adding further, Mishra says, \"Shyam Benegal's \" Manthan\" (1976) was the first film in the world to be produced not by a single production house, but the farmers of the Gujarat Co-operative Milk Federation who contributed `2 each for the production of the movie. This film won three National Awards and was the official selection from India to the Academy Award that year. So, if there's a concept with enough potential to create a zeal among the audience to come forward and finance it, it is possible. But, in Odisha there is a dearth of patronizers.\"While the tastes of audience in Odisha seems to be the most important factor, director Prashant Nanda points at another disadvantage. \"Small-budget movies like \"I Am\" are made for the multiplex audience. But Odisha has no multiplexes! The target audience of these kinds of movies don't have the right kind of ambience so that they can go and watch a different movie. I don't think crowd-funding will have any takers in this market. But changes are happening. So, I'm hopeful for the future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12216981", "title": "In poll year, BJP eyes migrant voters", "text": "SURAT: A race is on among leaders in the city unit of the BJP to claim leadership of north Indian community numbering around 5 lakh in Surat.With chief minister Narendra Modi expected to address a meeting of the community on Sunday, many leaders are out to portray themselves as the sole representative of the community.Initial arrangement at the public meeting was for 16,000 people. The venue is Limbayat, which is dominated by people from Maharashtra. All three councillor from this area are from BJP.Navsari MP CR Patil said, \"Chief minister's programme means it is BJP programme. It is true that some local leaders belonging to migrant communities have distributed invitations on behalf of their samaj. This may be organized by Uttar Bharatiya Samaj, but that does not mean no other BJP worker from the city can attend this programme.\" Provision has been made for 1,000 tempos and 400 buses to transport 50,000 people, he said.Leader of ruling BJP in Surat Municipal Corporation Dayashankar Singh said, \"We expect more than 1.5 lakh people at the meeting. Some people are trying to hijack the programme, but it would not be allowed.\" Singh has the backing of state minister Narottam Patel.Assembly elections are due to be held in Gujarat by the year-end. It will for the first time that 10 MLAs from city and two from rural Surat would be elected to the assembly.Voters belonging to migrant population will play a crucial role in their elections.\"Every leader wants to project himself as well-wisher of Uttar Bharatiya Samaj. The reason is 12 assembly seats in Surat,\" a veteran BJP leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12216209", "title": "Another turf wicket for city", "text": "MYSORE: The JSS-KSCA cricket grounds at Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering campus is set for inauguration. Among the 14 grounds proposed by Karnataka State Cricket Association across Karnataka, JSS-KSCA one is the first to be inaugurated on Sunday. Shivarathri Deshikendra Swami will grace the occasion, while former captain and KSCA president Anil Kumble will preside over the event at 9am.The JSS Institution, along with KSCA, has evolved the project with a vision to promote the game and also to develop infrastructure. This will give an opportunity to youngsters of Mysore zone to play on an international-standard surface.KSCA president Kumble and secretary Javagal Srinath have put in their best effort to provide good infrastructure facilities to aspiring cricketers. The grounds is located on nearly four-acre land with five turf wickets at the centre and three turf wickets for practice apart from two concrete wickets besides the ground. Though the city has three turf wickets -- Gangotri Glades, Infosys, Bharatiya Note Mudranalaya - only the former is easily accessible for cricketers. The non-availability of more turf wickets was hurting the prospects of talented youngsters. Practice on turf wicket helps aspiring cricketers perform better in tournaments as most of the tournaments are played on turf wickets. \"Our motive is to provide good facilities to cricketers, 80% of cricket should be played in turf wickets,\" said Srinath. According to Srinath, three grounds in Bangalore, two each in Shimoga and Hubli, and one each in Belgaum, Chikmagalur and Hassan will come up in the next six months. \"The facility at JSS-KSCA grounds is of international standards...\" said Srinath, promising to conduct Subbaiah Pillai Trophy and many state-level tournaments there. As of now, KSCA has spent nearly Rs 70 lakh for constructing the same. Former Indian all-rounder Roger Binny said true wicket is need of the hour. \"Pitches should be ideal for both batsman and bowler.In India, most of them are batsmen-friendly. That's the reason we suffer when we play outside,\" he added.The memorandum of understanding between KSCA and JSS Institution was signed on June 2011 for 10 years. More infrastructure will be added to the grounds in a phased manner. League matches will be played on turf wickets, and aspiring cricketers in and around Mysore would gain good experience. Speaking on the pitch, for which Mexican-type grass has been used, Srinath said: \"It is our endeavor to make it one of the fastest pitches. We brought clay from Chamarajanagar (the one which was used for preparing Gangotri Glades),\" he added. He also said the nature of the wicket will be known after a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12216171", "title": "Fatherland of Taekwondo ready to invest in Indian talent", "text": "SEOUL: Thirty years ago, there was a great talent in India! This is how the grandmasters of World Taekwondo headquarters Kukkiwon in South Korea remember Jimmy R Jagtiani.Jagtiani, the 8th Dan, the second highest rank in this form of martial art, had introduced Taekwondo in India in 1975 after his family migrated to Lucknow from Vietnam.Known as the father of Taekwondo in India, he has single-handedly kept the spirits in the sport high to attract many to the game, which made its debut as a sporting event in the National Games in 1985. But, the sport has not produced another Jimmy for India.Kukkiwon feels it is time for India to make its presence felt among the 197 nations, where 70 million people practice the sport. And it has a smart thing to offer: Taekwondowon or Taekwondo Park being built over a 2.3-sq km area with an investment of $504 million.Ready to open its door by June, 2013, for martial art students across the world, the Taekwondo Park has its heart in the Mind Zone, which has a capacity to induct 1,400 people for training, research and outdoor practice.With the success of South Korean business houses like Hyundai, Samsung and LG in India, the Taekwondo Promotion Foundation's Seung-ho Kim is optimistic about the promotion of the sport in India through the Taekwondo Federation of India (TFI) and ably supported by corporate houses.Kim, who is the director general of planning and management of the new Taekwondo Park being set up at Muju, believes that the talent scouted through the regional Taekwondo units in India could be sent to South Korea for advanced training in the martial art to enable them to win medals in international sporting events.This could boost the game in India. Jagtiani told TOI that the present administrative set up of TFI was managed by bureaucrats and police officials, who knew little about the game's technical aspects and the importance of higher levels of training for coaches.Now, the Indian youth Taekwondo team is being coached by Korean master Lee Jeong-hee, who has come from Kukkiwon. The Indian team will be participating in the World Junior Taekwondo Championship in Sharm El-Sheikh, Egypt, in April and the Asian Taekwondo Championship in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, in May.The proficient Taekwondo players from India would find their experience in the new Taekwondowon in South Korea exhilarating, said Kim. \"We would like to make the Taekwondowon as a mecca and hub of world Taekwondo players. It will be the centre of training, education and academic research on Taekwondo,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12215587", "title": "Enginneering student beaten to death in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: A third-year engineering student of the Corporate Institute of Science and Technology, Bhopal, Simant Kumar (22), was beaten to death by some of his friends on Road number 24 at Rajiv Nagar under the same police station on March 8.The deceased's father, Mithilesh Kumar Singh, is a botany teacher in JTA College, Mohiuddinagar, in Samastipur district while his uncle Dilip Kumar Singh is a mathematics teacher at SNS College, Hajipur, in Vaishali district.Simant had come here from Bhopal on February 28. After doing his 10+2 from May Flower School here, he had taken admission in the Bhopal institute, where he was a student of Electrical and Electronic (EE) engineering, according to his uncle Dilip.\"On March 8 at around 6pm, two of his local friends, who were his seniors in school and were preparing for competitive examinations, reached our house and Simant left with them,\" said Dilip and added that at around 9.30pm, a local informed them that Simant was being assaulted mercilessly by his friends.\"I found Simant lying on the staircase of the house belonging to one Indal Sah, an employee in Patna Passport office, with blood oozing from his head,\" he said and added that he found injury marks on Simant's entire body. \"I asked the four persons on the roof of the house about the reason for Simant's merciless beating,\" he said, adding that they retorted \"Rangdari karta tha.\"Dilip said he took Simant to PMCH where the attending doctors declared him brought dead. A complaint was lodged at the Rajiv Nagar police station against Indal Sah, his two sons Dharmendra Sah and Pintoo Sah, and his nephew Rajesh. The locals described Simant as a lad who was always ready to help others. DSP (law &amp; order) L M Sharma said three persons - Indal Sah, Dharmendra Sah and Pintoo - were arrested in this connection on Thursday night. He said the local police were investigating the case from different angles.Meanwhile, police attributed the killing to a love affair between Simant and a local girl. However, none of the police officials was ready to go on record about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12215999", "title": "Samajwadi Party website \u2018expires'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reports of Samajwadi Party's website being hacked on Friday was ripe when the website yet again flunked on Saturday. This time, it is not due to any 'external forces', but due to the party webmasters themselves as they failed to update the domain name www.samajwadiparty. in. The domain name was last updated on September 9, 2011, and was scheduled to expire on Saturday at 12:43 pm.The domain name was registered first on March 10, 2008. Talking to TOI, SP media secretary Ashish Yadav said, \"Website hacking was nothing but a notorious act. Hackers tried to change the way the page loads and everything was corrected within 30 minutes.\" When TOI pointed out that the domain name has expired and the website is not functioning on Saturday evening, it took an hour for the webmasters to rectify it.The website is functioning normally now. Earlier TOI had reported how Samajwadi Party had revamped its website with new texts and design elements to attract youths. Use of social media and other digital tools has been widely praised by the netizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12216068", "title": "SAD seeks early LS polls, says NDA best alternative to Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fresh from its victory in Punjab, the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) on Saturday called for Lok Sabha polls to be brought forward, claiming governance under Congress has come to a standstill.On his first visit to the national Capital after the historic win, SAD chief Sukhbir Singh Badal asserted that the LS polls would happen earlier than scheduled, predicted NDA's victory in the contest and mocked Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi for his failure in Uttar Pradesh.Badal, who played a key role in victory of the SAD- BJP combine and is tipped to be re-appointed deputy chief minister, said that Rahul's record as campaigner has been an unmitigated disaster. He fails no matter where he campaigns, said Sukhbir on Rahul, sarcastically adding that the NDA wishes him to campaign even more extensively.\"We benefitted a lot in Punjab, because wherever Rahul Gandhi goes, Congress loses. So we will request and so will the entire NDA, that he should tour and campaign all over the country,\" agency reports quoted Badal saying.His statement on mid-term elections comes amid growing buzz about moves to force an early poll. Significantly, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee , who is seen as one of the prime movers for bringing forward the LS battle, is likely to attend the swearing-in ceremony of the Akali-BJP coalition at Chhappar Chiri village near Chandigarh on March 14.However, Badal rejected the interpretation that the invitation to Banerjee for the swearing-in ceremony marks a move towards political realignment, insisting that NDA partners are equipped to defeat UPA. \"At this moment, I think, the BJP, the Akalis, the NDA is the best alternative for this nation. And I think this alternative whenever it was in government before, actually performed and gave positive results. All infrastructure, major projects were initiated during Vajpayee government. So I think the next alternative and only alternative to Congress is the NDA,\" agencies quoted him telling reporters.BJP should welcome the faith Badal reposed in NDA because of its tensions with its other alliance partner, JD (U).Holding Congress responsible for price rise and corruption, Badal said, \"People are fed up with Congress rule....their policies, their corruption. They have realized that the party is responsible for what is happening to them. There's price rise, inflation and corruption on an unprecedented scale.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12198276", "title": "Missing: Flicks on Women!", "text": "While recent women-centric Bollywood films have made a mark, why is Kollywood not exploring this theme?She's not a Khan but is someone who's changing the heroheroine equation in Indian cinema. Starting off in commercial films, today, she has carved a niche for herself in heroine-oriented films that have given her both critical acclaim and commercial success. And by bagging the National Award for The Dirty Picture, Vidya Balan has proved that women can not just command a whopping figure for a song-and-dance routine but also set the BO on fire.But women-centric films are not new to Indian cinema. In fact, in Kollywood, there have been some extremely well-etched roles for women essayed by actors like Suhasini, Saritha and Revathy in the eighties. While a Nilambari in Padayappa is remembered and a Jessie from Vinnaithandi Varuvaayaa is desired, no one can forget Sridevi in Moondram Pirai even today. But where have these roles gone?Have Kollywood filmmakers consciously moved away from female-oriented films? Says G Dhananjayan, Chief- South Business of a production company, \"The whole generation has changed and people look for heroism. The Dirty Picture, for instance, did really well in Mumbai predominantly and in multiplexes. Unfortunately in Tamil cinema, the city-centric and multiplex market is hardly 20 per cent. Only mass entertainers will run in the B and C centres.\" Khubshu, who has played some powerful roles onscreen, believes that the south audience is not ready for heroine-centric films. \"The reason is we don't have the bandwidth in terms of multiplex audience to facilitate great openings. For us, multiplexes are restricted to Chennai, Coimbatore and Trichy. This makes it difficult for producers to invest in them,\" she says.Moreover, these niche films do not run in single screen theatres. The audience for single screens looks for entertainment and heroism, which is why Dabangg and Bodyguard did extremely well in single screens, opine many.The cost of filmmaking today is also a deterrent. For instance, Amma was made with Saritha on a budget of 5 lakh. Today, industry experts say one needs a budget of at least 3 crore to make a film. \"The movie has to appeal to all audiences for the producer to recover his cost. Audiences today come to the theatre when there's surety in terms of the actor and what they can expect. When the challenges are very big, how can we make niche cinema like this?\" asks Dhananjayan.As for when Tamil cinema would once again celebrate women-oriented flicks, Khushbu says, \"The audience themselves will tell us when they are ready for watching such films.\" Till then, heroines are likely to continue their song-anddance routine, running away from the bad guy and romancing the macho larger-than-life hero.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12215179", "title": "CM keeps 5 portfolios, gives 5 ministers 1 each", "text": "PANAJI: Manohar Parrikar will announce the portfolios to be handled by his present cabinet team of five by Tuesday. But on Saturday, speculations were rife over what each of the recently-sworn in ministers will be given.Sources linked most of the potential portfolios to either each minister's stint in past governments or to their aspirations.The chief minister's portfolios, in contrast, are clear. \"I will keep finance, home, town and country planning, mining and education,\" Parrikar told STOI. He added that he will allot single portfolios by Tuesday and the cabinet will be expanded after the budget session.Sources said that Francis D'Souza, elected for the fourth time from Mapusa, has shown keen interest in urban development and may bag this portfolio.The reasoning, sources added, is because D'Souza has been elected from a municipality area and knows the basic civic problems.Laxmikant Parsekar, BJP's state president and three-term MLA, this time from Mandrem, is likely to get Panchayati Raj, said sources. They claimed this was because \"the minister for Panchayati Raj in the Congress-led government was Manohar Azgaonkar who was also from Pernem taluka\".Siolim's Dayanand Mandrekar, a four-term MLA, and a former agriculture minister, is likely to get power this time around. Sources said Mandrekar is not interested in another stint in agriculture.Former tourism minister in an earlier BJP-led government, Matanhy Saldanha, on the other hand, may be given the same portfolio this time around. Sources said the Cortalim MLA has plans to develop the sector.The only MGP minister in Parrikar's first round of cabinet formation, Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar, will most probably retain the transport department he headed in the recently-overthrown Congress-led government. tnnWho may get what?Manohar Parrikar, CM &amp; Panaji BJP MLA: Finance, Home, TCP, Mining, EducationFrancis D'Souza, Mapusa BJP MLA: Urban developmentLaxmikant Parsekar, Pernem BJP MLA: Panchayati RajDayanand Mandrekar, Siolim BJP MLA: PowerMatanhy Saldanha, Cortalim BJP MLA: TourismRamkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar, Marcaim MGP MLA: TransportGoa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12218349", "title": "Anupam Kher says Anna Hazare is a saviour", "text": "The actor also adds that meeting Mother Teresa is close to divinityVeteran actor Anupam Kher has taken up a role in Chhodo Kal Ki Baatein by the Sai Prasad Group. This movie has been directed by Pramod Gajanan Joshi and also stars Sachin Khedekar, Atul Parchure and Mrunal Kulkarni. The film has music by Dr. Salil Kulkarni on the lyrics of Sandeep Khare, while Salil Sahasrabuddhe is the cinematographer.In fact, Anupam Kher was shooting in Pune for the film when on an impulse, he suddenly announced he had to leave for Delhi to join Anna Hazare's fast-unto-death at the Jantar Mantar. Everyone at the shooting thought there was a family emergency. Kher cancelled all his other engagements for Anna Hazare. He said he felt the cause to save the nation was far more important than his own personal activities. \"Screen pe leader aur neta bahut ban ke dekh liya. I wanted to feel alive by being close to a real crusader. Anna Hazare is a god-sent saviour,\" the actor said emotionally. \"The only time I felt so close to divinity was when I met Mother Teresa.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12216979", "title": "SpiceJet to start cargo operations from Surat by April", "text": "SURAT: SpiceJet is set to start its air cargo services from the diamond city in April second week. The airline had recently started its passenger air services connecting Surat with Delhi and Mumbai.Executive, corporate communications, SpiceJet, Priti Dey told TOI, \"We are waiting for approvals and soon will begin our cargo operations from the city to Delhi and Mumbai.\"An airline team visited the city on the day of Holi and met a number of textile and diamond association office-bearers at J J Market board room and South Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industries (SGCCI).The team consisted of senior vice-president V Raja, general manager, cargo, V Raghuraman and a few officials from the airlines' sales department.\"Federation of Surat Textiles Traders Association (FOSTTA) officials made their presentation for the cargo services to the cities like Hyderabad, Chennai and Kolkata. Representatives of diamond industry demanded cargo services to Dubai and Antwerp,\" SGpresident Rohit Mehta said.SGCCI and diamond industry representatives made a strong representation for a direct flight from Surat to Dubai.\"We are planning special passenger-cum-cargo services for textile and diamond industry of the city. Once we finish discussing the modalities with different agencies, they will be started,\" Raghuraman said.FOSTTA asked for connectivity to 11 different cities of the country from Surat. It demanded connectivity to Kolkata, Patna, Ranchi, Cuttack, Guwahati, Varanasi, Lucknow, Amritsar, Ludhiana, Jalandhar, Jammu, Raipur , Bhopal , Indore, Goa, Kochi, Chennai, Bangalore and Trivandrum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12216712", "title": "Kachin unrest won\u2019t hit China pipeline, claims top official", "text": "BEIJING: Fighting between the army and rebels in Myanmar's Kachin state would not affect China-Myanmar oil pipeline passing through the troubled area, a top Chinese security official said on Saturday amid reports that Beijing is worried about the project's future.The pipeline from the Bay of Bengal to China's Yunnan province through Myanmar has become vulnerable since the rebels - the Kachin Independence Army - broke a 17-year ceasefire agreement with the government in June last year.The pipeline is crucial for Beijing because of its constant fears about a possible blockade of its main oil route - the Strait of Hormuz - forcing it to facilitate mediation between the rebels and Myanmar government.\"As far as I know, Myanmar's central government and the Kachin regional government have a positive, supportive attitude towards the building of this pipeline,\" Chinese Yunnan province's security chief Meng Sutie said. \"At present, construction is proceeding smoothly and there have been no problems ,\" Meng said.Meng said China is trying to bring the government and the rebels on the negotiating table. \"We are happy to see that both sides have been in contact with each other. We are providing whatever services we can....there has been progress. But the Kachin problem is a long-standing one.\"The unrest in Kachin has displaced over 50,000 people, many of whom have fled across the border to China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12224195", "title": "Passengers &amp; FJCCI ask for new trains", "text": "RANCHI: As the Centre gears up for the railway budget, traders and other social organizations are keeping their fingers crossed. After sending missives to the ministry and other authorities, the Jharkhand Yatri Sangh and the Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FJare waiting for the budget to be tabled on Wednesday.Jharkhand Yatri Sangh president Prem Mittal said they have forwarded a memorandum, in which, apart from demanding new trains, they have also requested the ministry to replace the old bogies of Rajdhani Express and Shatabdi Express. The new trains include Ranchi-Dehradun, Ranchi-Hyderabad, Ranchi-Jainagar via Katihar, Ranchi-Ahmedabad via Surat, Ranchi-Bhopal via Indore and Ranchi-Dumka.\"We have also requested the ministry to ensure completion of pending railway projects,\" Mittal said stressing that money from the state coffer is involved in these projects.Talking about the Ranchi-Tori line via Lohardaga which is awaiting completion since a long time, Mittal said it will reduce the time that Rajdhani and other trains coming from Delhi take to reach Ranchi. \"Project on Ranchi-Koderma line is also pending and the Namkom rail overbridge also hanging in balance,\" he added.FJCCI president Sajjan Saraf, who met Railway Board chairman Vinay Mittal, said, he was hopeful of the demands being granted as Union minister Subodh Kant Sahay had accompanied him and chief minister Arjun Munda , too, has raised similar demands. \"We have requested extension of Dhanbad-Firozpur Express to Ranchi, as it has a stoppage in Dhanbad for 17 hours. Within seven hours, it can reach Ranchi and passengers can have daily connectivity to Lucknow,\" said Mittal.Demanding an increase in the frequency of Rajdhani Express from three times a week to daily, of Lokmanya Tilak Express from twice a week to daily and Hatia-Bangalore Express from twice a week to daily, the FJCCI has also requested to increase the frequency of Hatia-Ajmer Sherif Express to at least thrice a week.Saraf said halts of two trains could be of great help to the passengers from Jharkhand. \"If Shatabdi Express is given a halt for 3-4 minutes at Burdwan station, it can link many trains going to Northeast and likewise five minutes halt for Bhubaneswar-New Delhi Rajdhani at Muri can help the passengers from Ranchi board the train to Delhi or Bhubaneswar with convenience,\" he said. The FJCCI has also demanded to replace old coaches of Rajdhani and Shatabdi Express trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12215116", "title": "Civic budget focus on cosmetic changes, not development", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) budget for 2012-13 presented by the mayor on Saturday focuses on beautifying the city and not on maintaining essential services.While there has been a marginal hike in allocations for water supply, roads, slum development and health departments, a separate account with a Rs 25-crore opening balance has been opened for riverfront beautification and other cosmetic changes within the city. Of this, Rs 10 crore has been earmarked for beautification of the Hooghly riverfront while Rs 15 crore has been set aside for beautification work within the city.This apart, money has been allocated for illuminating the city. While Rs 10 crore will be released for installation of 'trident-shaped' designer lights across the city, Rs 20 crore has been allocated for paying 'hiked' electricity bills because of installation of 40,000 of these designer lights.However, the Trinamool Congress-run civic administration didn't attach importance to restoration or maintenance of the city's heritage buildings. Only Rs 1.5 crore has been allocated for the purpose. After presenting a Rs 563-crore deficit budget for 2012-13, mayor Sovan Chatterjee made it clear that the city's beautification would get priority alongside other routine civic services.From now, the KMC finance department will keep track of all essential and developmental work and expenses required for them. A large number of fake bills and requisitions for development of an 'already developed' area, be it construction of roads, sewerage or drainage, pavement beautification or beautification of parks, prompted the civic top brass to go in for accounting reforms. Software has been developed to keep track of every step of any developmental or maintenance work.The KMC finance department had been following a nine-digit codified budget for different accounting heads since the early '90s. As the existing accounting structure failed to ensure accrual-based accounting, it had many shortcomings such as incomplete accounting information, incomplete trail of records and values, incomplete computerization and electronic processes. A new 21-digit codified chart of accounts that the KMC has finally adopted is the brainchild of controller of municipal finance and accounts Debatosh Dasgupta. It has been designed by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India's accounting research foundation. The codes will now provide information about the exact location of a transaction, ward and borough, the department and its official executing the transaction, the source of funds and finally the exact point of activity like the particular road, park, water treatment plant, primary school the work is for.\"Under the new accrual-based accounting system which will be integrated to e-governance, we will be able to keep track of every single transaction and will arrest anomalies in the system,\" Dasgupta said.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said the new system would minimize wastage of civic funds in the name of development. \"With the newly developed accounting system at our disposal, we will be able to arrest wastage of funds,\" Chatterjee said after presenting a Rs 2,600-crore budget for the financial year 2012-13. Nisha Singh, one of the senior officials working on the JNNURM scheme, held a meeting with the KMC officials last week on accounting for expenditure under centrally-funded projects in Kolkata. She spoke highly of the new accounting system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12214514", "title": "Pakistan preacher's visit to city draws flak", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of Muslims is opposing the scheduled Mumbai visit of Pakistani Islamic preacher and Sufi scholar Tahirul Qadri next week. Qadri, who is on the hit list of the terrorist outfit al-Qaida for his anti-terrorism fatwa in 2010, now lives in Canada and is currently touring India. However, Raza Academy, a Sunni Muslim group, calling Qadri a \"threat to peace\", has asked the state government and the Union home ministry to prevent him from visiting Mumbai. Qadri will deliver two lectures on Islam's message of peace and compassion at Birla Matoshree Hall, Marine Lines (March 15) and at Somaiya Ground in Sion on March 17. While the programme at Birla Matoshree is strictly by invitation, the Somaiya Ground session is open to all.Qadri is in the eye of a storm for three reasons. His detractors say that during his recent lectures in Gujarat he praised Narendra Modi and he reportedly asked Muslims to forget Gujarat 2002. However, Qadri has clarified that he had only thanked Modi for providing him Z-plus security. \"He has said that it was his moral responsibility to thank a state government which made elaborate arrangements for his security. He never asked Muslims to forget the 2002 massacre in Gujarat,\" said Aijaz Ahmed, secretary (Maharashtra) of Minhaj-ul-Quran, an organization established by Qadri. Mohammed Salim Sarang, another supporter of Qadri, maintained that some Sunni scholars were jealous of Qadri's growing popularity in India as his lectures are drawing thousands.Raza Academy's Saeed Noorie who organized a small anti-Qadri protest at Bhendi Bazaar on Friday said his organization was opposing Qadri also because of his controversial remarks on Kashmir. \"Qadri said Kashmiris should be given the right of self-determination which is against India's stand on the Kashmiri issue,\" said Noorie.Though Qadri's supporters claim the preacher follows the principles of Sunni Islam, his detractors maintain that Qadri has forfeited this status because he attended a multi-faith convention in England some months ago. Clips of Qadri sharing the stage with preachers of other religions like Hinduism, Christianity, Judaism and Sikhism are being circulated.\"He shared the stage with other dharma gurus to uphold peace and harmony. What is wrong with that?,\" asked M A Khalid, a die-hard fan of Qadri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12214755", "title": "Mayawati sticks to sarvjan policy, may go to RS", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mayawati will continue with her \"sarvjan\" policy, despite the assembly election drubbing. She seems to have decided to fight the Rajya Sabha polls and focus on national politics, at least till the next LS election. This emerged on Wednesday at a meeting of party leaders in which the former UP CM distributed responsibilities of leading the party in the state equally among Muslim, brahmin, dalit and backward class leaders.The election for the Upper House of Parliament will take place later this month.Mayawati's decision not to head the party's legislative council has indicated that she would move to RS, sources said on Saturday. In 2003, after losing power to the SP in the state, Mayawati had moved to national politics by getting herself nominated to the RS.The BSP won 80 seats in the just-concluded assembly elections, hence the party can send only two members to the Upper House. The name of Mayawati's close aide and cabinet secretary in her government is also doing the rounds for the RS nomination.Mayawati decided to continue with her 'Sarvjan' policy and distributed party responsibilities equally among Muslim, Brahmin, dalit and backward class leaders at a BSP meeting here on Saturday.BSP state president Swami Prasad Maurya, who won from Padrauna in Kushinagar, was elected leader of the party's legislature group. Maurya will also be the leader of opposition in the assembly as BSP emerged as the second largest party.Naseemuddin Siddiqui was made leader of the party's legislative council. Gurucharan Dinkar, who won from Naraeni of Banda, was made deputy leader of the BSP Legislature Group. Former energy minister in the Mayawati government Ramveer Upadhaya will be party's chief whip in the assembly, while another former minister Vedram Bhati will take the responsibility of the whip.No leader close to Satish Cnandra Mishra, the Brahmin face of BSP, was given any crucial position in the state legislature. In 2007 Mishra had brought Brahmins close to BSP leading to the party's victory and all leaders close to him were awarded with plum positions in the government. This time, Mishra's close aide and lawyer Gopal Narayan Mishra was made deputy leader in the Legislative Council. Sunil Kumar Chittod will be chief whip while Vinay Shakya the whip. Former minister Indrajeet Saroj, who won from Manjhanpur in Kaushambi, was made treasurer of the state legislative party.Mayawati told party leaders not to be disappointed with the assembly election results and continue to work for BSP. She asked her MLAs to raise their voices at a proper forum and maintain law and order situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12220860", "title": "Taj incident publicity stunt for Agent Vinod?", "text": "Actor Saif Ali Khan has managed to be in the news at just the right time when his ambitious 'Agent Vinod' is all set to hit the theatres...Although, the tussle at the Taj Hotel has become a tad bit too serious, there are some who are speculating that the 'stunt' was actually to garner attention! A suave and sophisticated Saif Ali Khan can't do much and shrug when he hears the accusation. \"Who wants such publicity? I regret what happened that evening. There were ways of handling the situation. But calling it a publicity stunt for my movie is going a bit too far. I wish the incident wouldn't have ever happened.\"Saif continued, \"There are other ways of getting publicity. Good ways. This is the worst for of publicity in the world.\" However, the excitement of the release of 'Agent Vinod' seems to be doing the balancing act for Saif, right now. \"Right now, I'm calm and quite relaxed. A day before the release, I'm surely going to lose my nerve and get anxious,\" he tells us.How was the journey? \"It was a learning process. You learn so much at every phase of filmmaking. The journey was great, let's hope the destination is exotic!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12215762", "title": "Rajasthan Board seeks divine help", "text": "AJMER: Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education officials performed religious rituals before sending out question papers to examination centres across the state. Board chairman Subhash Garg and other officials reportedly sought divine intervention to prevent leak of question papers and mass cheating in examinations begin from March 15.About 17 lakh students will appear for class X and XII exams. Officials are apprehensive about question paper leak and mass copying.Special prayers were offered for safe and peaceful examination, said a source. Officials reached the Board office early Saturday morning as examination material were loaded on to vehicles. Garg performed religious rituals before sending out the vehicles to examination centres.\"We have instructed the person in charge of vehicles to inform their location every two hours,\" said Garg. He also inaugurated a control room in the Board office premises to monitor exams across Rajasthan.Three years ago, a mass question paper leak of class X and XII examinations led to the resignation of former board chairman Bharat Kumhar. \"Last year, there were more than 200 cases of cheating in the state. The board barred 300 teachers from exam duty this year,\" said an official.Most cases of cheating in exams are reported from Jodhpur, Badmer, Bharatpur, Churu, Sikar and Jaipur. Garg put his team to work for the last six months to ensure peaceful exams. \"We want fair and transparent examination system in schools. We are making the best of arrangements to check mass copying,\" said Garg.Cameras have been installed in examination rooms to check cheating. The Board declared eight districts as hyper-sensitive and closed about 100 examination centres following complaints of mass copying last year.Question papers will be kept in local police stations. Coordinators and supervisors will collect the papers on the exam day. \"No private school is allowed to keep the papers. Supervisor of the education department will conduct the exam at such centres,\" said M R Sharma, Board secretary.The Board organized workshops for superintendent of examination centres to make them aware of cheating using cellphones and Bluetooth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209306", "title": "'I Am' is the first gay film to win national award", "text": "Barely able to control his emotions gay filmmaker Onir whose film 'I Am' was declared the Best Hindi Film at the 59th National Film Awards said, \"It's not just a personal triumph. It's a victory on a much larger level for gay filmmakers and films who have been so far sidelined not just from the national awards but also the popular awards.\"Onir sees the irony of his film on homosexuality getting a green signal from the government at a time when Section 377 is again under scrutiny. \"Hopefully we filmmakers would be able to function in an atmosphere of more tolerance and freedom, now that the government clearly says that a film about homosexuality is not sinful. We made no money on 'I Am'. Hopefully now after the National award we'd be able to a cut a decent deal over the satellite rights. \"Ironically at a time when the national awards say it's okay to be gay, 'I Am' was passed for satellite viewing with a UA (parental guidance) censor certification.Onir says he fought tooth and nail against the cuts and the certification. \"What is the sense of a UA on satellite where children have unhampered access to content on television? I fought with all my strength to retain the kissing scene between my two gay characters played by Rahul Bose and Arjun Mathur. But the censorboard took it off. I guess it's okay for a man and woman to kiss on screen, but not two men.\"Ruing the fact that 'I Am' did not win a single popular award Onir said, \"It's been a very hard struggle for me to make this film. We made it with independent funds, since no studio was willing to back a film that dealt with alternate sexuality. Fortunately I was blessed with some of the most dedicated actors who gave their soul to the film.\"Onir's next film too would deal with alternate sexuality. Does he intend to create a cinematic agenda out of homosexuality, like Rituparno Ghosh has done? Getting defensive Onir says, \"I see nothing wrong in Ritu-da's concentration on films dealing with alternate sexuality. When a majority of filmmakers can concentrate on heterosexual relations why can't a few of us create more awareness on gay issues through our cinema? I'm not saying all my films would be based on gay issues. But if the theme fits into my creative scheme , why not?\"At the moment Onir celebrates what he sees as a triumph of alternate sexuality in Indian cinema. \"So far we were so swamped in prejudices that any mention of homosexuality on screen was stifled. The national award for my film on homosexuality comes at a time when we desperately need to overcome prejudices against the gay community.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "rameswaram (tn)", "code": "12218792", "title": "16 TN fishermen injured in 'attack by Lankan navy'", "text": "RAMESWARAM (TN): Sixteen fishermen from this island were injured in a mid-sea attack allegedly by Sri Lankan Naval personnel while fishing near the international maritime boundary line ( IMBL) in the Palk Strait, police said.The Lankan Naval personnel allegedly attacked the fishermen with wooden logs, stones, bottles resulting in fracture to a 25-year old fisherman and bruises and bleeding injuries to others last night, police said.Mathiazhagan, who suffered the fracture, has been admitted to the government hospital here while several other fishermen, whose back were swollen with weals and bruises, were treated at private hospitals, they said.Mathiazhagan said it was a \"brutal\" attack by the Lankan navalmen who surrounded 25 boats of the fishermen. \"They damaged the boats, snapped the fishing nets and lashed us with logs and pelted stones,\" he said.A fisheries department official described the attack as a violation of human rights.Local fishermen association leaders Sesu and Devaraj alleged the Sri Lankans, who had come in a Naval ship, intimidated and frightened the fishermen.The two slammed the Centre for remaining 'mute spectator' to the recurring attacks on fishermen of Tamil Nadu.Referring to the prompt action taken in recent incidents of killing of two fishermen off Kerala coast by Marines onboard Italian oil tanker and hit-and-run case allegedly involving a Singapore flagged ship, they sought to know \"Why the Government is silent even after 300 fishermen had been killed by the Lankan Naval men (over the recent years).\"They also demanded that the government take steps to recover the fish catch seized by Sri Lankan navalmen and also file a case for attacking \"innocent\" fishermen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12215803", "title": "Faulty, water shortage may nix Barkatullah University aquaculture department plan", "text": "BHOPAL: After a word of praise from the parliamentary standing committee, the aquaculture department of Barkatullah University is considering turning it into a centre of excellence. But the lack of teaching faculty and inadequate water on the department premises could pour water on their plans.When contacted, head of the aquaculture department, Prof Pradeep Shrivastava said a team visited the department a couple of days ago. \"We presented a project report to the standing committee of parliament on agriculture. They assured me to present the report in the parliament,\" Shrivastava claimed. A 13-member standing committee, headed by Basudev Acharya, visited the department in the last week of February.The committee's visit to the university took many present there by surprise. \"I have never seen any parliamentary standing committee visiting the department. We were fortunate to find members of the parliamentary committee among us,\" Shrivastava said.Prof Shrivastava said absence of faculties and arrangement of water are posing major hindrance. \"Besides academics, research and development work is our important area of work. And it is getting impacted owing to the absence of faculties and proper water round the year,\" Prof Shrivastava told TOI. He discussed the problem with the standing committee. Surprisingly, there is only one faculty in the aquaculture department.As for funds the department gets from the university, Shrivastava replied, \"Major part of the fund is for academics. We have to get funds from other sources to carry on R&D; work.\"About research work, he said his department developed a web-based Geographic Information System (GIS) for research work on fish. \"The system helps us promote fisheries in a better way, ranging from productivity to tackling diseases,\" Shrivastava said. The department is also planning to tie up with a few national institutes. \"It will also help get on with the research work on the department premises,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12215247", "title": "On a 325-km hunt for medicines", "text": "BANGALORE: Where would you go to procure paracetamol, sterilized cotton or even a bandage strip? Your neighbourhood drug store.But ingenious officials steering the Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) got an anganwadi in Somwarpet taluk, Kodagu district to go 325km away, to a drug store on Anantapur Road in Bellary to obtain these items. Documents obtained the Right to Information Act reveal this shocking order.The 325-km transaction, according to the bill issued by Ganesh Pharma on Anantapur Road in Bellary in favour of the anganwadi centre, Somwarpet taluk, is worth a paltry Rs 600.\"When an anganwadi can procure simple medicines like paracetamol, cotton and bandages from any neighbourhood pharmacist, why should the department insist they be bought from stores it chooses? This is part of the scam the Lokayukta busted on Friday,\" said GR Shivashankar, vice-president (Asia Pacific), World Federation of Trade Union, who works for welfare of anganwadi workers.On Friday, Lokayukta police raided residences and offices of a top IAS officer who was formerly director of the department of women and child development and her two aides and several godowns used to store ICDS material. Assets worth lakhs of rupees and disproportionate to their known sources of income were seized, and substandard nutritional food supplements were confiscated from the godowns. The food supplements were allegedly supplied by Christy Fried Gramme Industries of in Tiruchengod, Tamil Nadu.The recoveries, Lokayukta police claimed, were proof of a scam running into lakhs of rupees in ICDS whose annual outlay stands at Rs 600 crore.While the government claims to have set aside Rs750 for each malnourished child on its ICDS website, a circular by the WCD department puts this sum at Rs 600 for anganwadis and Rs 300 for mini-anganwadis, documents obtained through RTI Act revealed.Shivashankar questioned the department's eagerness to entrust the ready-to-eat nutrition supplements to Christy Fried Gram Industries. \"Karnataka houses Central Food Technological Institute whose endeavours in the food sector have made global news. Even a cursory enquiry with the institute could have revealed the best companies supplying nutritional food supplements in the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216814", "title": "Upset man sets bike ablaze", "text": "NAGPUR: A 21-year-old youth, son of a railway employee was booked for setting a bike on fire and hurling abuses to his family members, after his mother approached Ajni police on Friday. Rahul Tambe, staying at Ajni railway quarters, was in an inebriated condition when he created the ruckus. Police said that he was upset over separation with wife.Police sources said that Tambe had a love marriage but later the relationship developed some issues. The matter is now before the court and Tambe held his family responsible it. Police said that the accused often turned violent over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12215968", "title": "Mountain of hopes after landslide win", "text": "LUCKNOW: He maybe in the driving seat of his Ummeed ki Cycle, but Akhilesh Yadav cannot hope for on a smooth ride just yet. After the post-victory euphoria abates, there has to be a hard assessment of the legacy left behind for him by the outgoing regime. Besides, he will have to face a mountain of hopes that people of UP must have raised by the time he formally takes over on March 15Top among his list of priorities will be the need to make good on the party's promises listed in their election manifesto. First, there will be the pressure of providing unemployment doles of Rs 18,000 per annum to all those who register with employment exchange. Ever since the party posted a landslide victory, queues outside the employment exchanges have assumed serpentine proportions; over 10,000 persons have lined up to register. Needless to say, the state exchequer will be hard pressed to deliver. Distribution of laptops and tablet computers to students passing Classes XII and X respectively is also likely to set the government back by nearly Rs 7,000 crore.Crackdown on corruption: Weeding out corruption will be another key concern. With much of electioneering 2012 focusing on the rampant corruption in the Mayawati government, Akhilesh will have to clean up where the previous regime failed. To begin with, the spotlight will be firmly on the multi-crore NRHM scam in UP, involving at least a few bureaucrats believed to be also close to the Mulayam camp.Senior bureaucrat Pradeep Shukla who has been indicted in the NRHM scam is known to be close to Yadav during his previous regime. Once the new government takes over, it will worth seeing how the inquiry into the scam progresses; and whether the guilty parties are brought to the book,'' said a UP government bureaucrat.Booster to health sector: Apart from the more obvious swindling on funds, the ailing health sector in the state will also need considerable attention. Currently, the state faces a shortfall of 8,833 doctors, a gap that is too large to be addressed by conventional methods such as expediting recruitment or outsourcing of services to contractual staff. According to a February 2012 assessment of the recruitment situation in UP by a Central government team, a restructuring of the human resource policy is the need of the day. The report suggests the state needs to implement new initiatives like hiring the services of rural medical providers trained for three years and compulsory rural postings for existing doctors. Under the Mayawati regime, no long-term policy was evident. This too will be an area where the Samajwadi Party government will have to take hard, corrective measures.Friendly hand to investment: With development being the SP's key poll-plank, the government will also have to look at inviting more investment into the state. During the Maya regime, though investment trickled in, the rate at which it came was far from satisfactory. Also, while Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad benefited by virtue of being a part of the National Capital Region, distribution of industry across the rest of the state was entirely skewed. Uttar Pradesh has also been wanting on the heavy industries front; in Central UP though, the only industrial presence is restricted to a share of the IT sector. Bundelkhand and Eastern UP, however, remain almost entirely neglected.Having risen from the ranks and built their party on socialist principles, the new government may also want to back the state's farming community - of which Mulayam Singh Yadav is a product - through a robust ago and food processing industry. Despite being a raw material-rich state, UP's food processing industry is fledgling, in comparison. Also, even though it ranks second in the country for having the maximum number of sugar mills in its midst, most of them, especially the government run cooperative sugar mills are lying defunct or running in the red.Check on crime: Rural roads, electrification of villages and civic amenities apart, keeping criminality in check will pose a considerable challenge, too, for Yadav junior. Having fielded nearly 50% candidates with criminal records, many of them are now MLAs, controlling the unruly elements in the party might pose an internal challenge. For the moment, the father-son duo have been at pains to emphasize that the first spurt in disturbances after the poll-victory is an attempt to malign the party's image. But, as the government's honeymoon period ends, controlling such elements might pose a greater challenge. Former state director general of police, Prakash Singh, says: \"With Akhilesh at the helm of affairs, there is hope that governance will be better. It remains to be seen, over time, though, whether he restores order where the previous regime has tinkered with the system.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12216212", "title": "Nitish greets Mulayam's son", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Saturday congratulated Akhilesh Yadav, the Samajwadi Party leader, on his election for becoming the next chief minister of Uttar Pradesh.He expressed the hope that the son of former CM Mulayam Singh Yadav will fulfil his promises and come up to the expectations of the people, who gave a clear mandate to his party.\"I congratulate Akhilesh Yadav. People showed confidence in him and I hope he would fulfil his promises,\" the CM told media here adding, \"Chief minister's role is challenging and I am sure that he would do a great job.\"After some uncertainty over who will be the CM - Netaji or Bhaiyyaji - the newly-elected Samajwadi legislators voted for Yadav junior in Lucknow on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12215221", "title": "Samajwadi Party workers celebrate Akhilesh's selection as CM", "text": "KANPUR: The moment it was declared that Akhilesh Yadav would be next chief minister, the Samajwadi Party workers erupted in joy. They stepped out on roads, burnt firecrackers and threw colours on each other to ccelebrate. The party workers also danced on the beats of dhols and raised slogans like Akhilesh Bhaiya Zindabad, Mulayam Singh Zindabad.The newly elected legislators of Samajwadi Party held a meeting in the state capital on Saturday afternoon. Akhilesh Yadav was chosen as the leader. It was also declared that he would be the next CM. The proposal in this regard was floated by senior SP leader Azam Khan. The legislators accepted the proposal. Immediately after this, the SP leaders and the party workers gathered at party's office in Naveen Market here. Carrying SP flags, they burnt crackers and distributed sweets to passersby.The excited SP workers then moved around from one locality to another, thanking people for voting SP to power. The families of the five newly elected legislators from the city also celebrated the victory.In Kidwai Nagar area, the SP workers took out a victory procession from the main market. Firecrackers were also burnt. The party workers were happy that Akhilesh Yadav, the young face of the party, has been chosen to become the new chief minister.Victory processions were taken out across the city.Political experts believe that Akhilesh Yadav will do development of the state, including of Kanpur. The task would not be easy as there are several challenges.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12223999", "title": "Unicef to probe death of children", "text": "SILCHAR: A Unicef team will visit Karimganj in southern Assam on Monday to take stock of the situation following the death of 42 children at Karimganj Civil Hospital over a span of two months.The joint director of health at the hospital, Matiur Rahman Laskar, on Sunday said Dr Sachin Pandyia, a Unicef expert, will come here on Monday for probing the deaths. He will prepare a report and submit the same to the authorities concerned.Laskar told TOI that 42 children, between the age group of one and 12, died in the only referral hospital in the border district over a span of two months (December and January). Most of them were referred from rural hospitals of the district in critical condition.The joint director of the hospital, however, ruled out any \"abnormality\" in the rate of deaths, although the incidents have already triggered lot of anger among people and have become a cause of \"concern\" for the authorities in the department of health and Unicef.\"The death of 42 children over the given period accounts for 8.6 per cent of total admission of children in the hospital. The rate of death is normal, because, according to the norms of the Sick Baby Stabilization Unit (SBSU), the death rate is stated as abnormal when it exceeds eight per cent of the total admission of children,\" said Laskar.He added that Karimganj Civil Hospital has 150 beds. There's a 10-bed paediatric ward in the hospital. However, more patients beyond the capacity of 10 are accommodated in the ward.He said 38 posts of doctors in the hospital are vacant. At present, the civil hospital is run by 20 doctors out of which only two are paediatricians. Apart from this, there's not a single paediatrician in any of the hospitals in the district, added the joint director of heath.Laskar, however, said work is on for improving health infrastructure in the district. While a neo-natal stabilization unit in Karimganj hospital is going to be commissioned in the current month, the SBSU will start functioning from next year. The construction of the building for the same is on, the official added.In Assam, the infant mortality rate is 64 while the national average is 53.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12215504", "title": "College can collect full fees if student quits course: HC", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has ruled that it is not illegal for a self-financing college to collect fees for the remaining years, in case a student leaves the course mid way. Justice K Ravichandra Baabu gave the ruling while dismissing a petition filed by a student seeking a refund for the amount she paid to a college on leaving the course.Pointing out that a self-financing institution depended on the fees collected from its students, Justice K Ravichandra Baabu said, \"Once a student leaves in the middle of a course, the college is not in a position to admit any student and consequently, it will undoubtedly lose the revenue. In order to compensate such a loss, they have to collect the fees for the remaining years from those students who decide to leave the college mid way through the course.The petitioner, R Gowthami had received admission to the Mepco Schlenk Engineering College, Sivakasi, for the B E (Electrical and Electronic Engineering) course during the academic year 2007-2008. While she was pursuing her second year, she got selected for the M.B.B.S. course in the counseling conducted by the Directorate of Tamil Nadu Medical Education. Hence, she approached the principal of the college and requested for her Transfer Certificate to be issued, so as to enable her to join the MBBS course. But the college demanded fees towards the third and fourth years of her course as well for issuing the same. The student having left with no other option had to paid a sum of Rs1,06,000 towards the course fees of the remaining years.However, on verification from the Directorate of Technical Education under the Right to Information Act, the petitioner came to know that the college is not entitled to demand fees for the remaining years, after a student discontinues the course. Therefore, she made a request to the college to refund the fees. As there was no response from the college, she filed the present writ petition.The college submitted that it is a self financing institution and it could operate only from the tuition fees collected from students. If any student leaves the institution in the middle of the course, that seat is rendered vacant which adversely affects the financial position of the college.Dismissing the petition filed by the student, Justice K Ravichandra Baabu said that by leaving the college in the middle of the course, the student had prevented another person's chance of getting admission into the B E course and also made the college suffer a loss.Upholding the action of the college, the judge said that the college was right in collecting the fees from the petitioner in respect of the third and fourth year and consequently, there is no illegality in such an action. The judge further pointed out that the petitioner left the college after obtaining a Transfer Certificate, by paying the fees towards the remaining years, \"without any protest\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12214609", "title": "It\u2019s red rage, waiting for the light to turn green", "text": "NEW DELHI: As engines heat up and tempers rise, most commuters stranded on the Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) stretch between Moolchand and Ambedkar Nagar wonder how a city aspiring for the global tag could end up in such a big mess. Could the authorities have been so blind, or stupid, as to not see the consequences of drastically reducing road width on a busy artery?\"It used to take me five minutes to reach Saket from GK-1 in the good old days. The corridor has always been a nightmare, ever since it was constructed. I feel frustrated but helpless when I'm stuck here every day,\" says an exasperated Kritank Dubey, a student.At regular traffic intersections, commuters have to wait for transit of traffic along the three other arms of the intersection before getting a green signal. On BRT, the signal cycle is far more convoluted and, as a result, much longer.\"As opposed to normal traffic intersections, there are six different movements of vehicles along the arms of the intersection. The two extra movements are that of the buses on the BRT lane, which means that all commuters using the BRT or even passing through have to wait much longer. As the waiting time increases, the traffic tail lengthens much more than it normally would and there is a corresponding ripple effect on traffic,\" points out a senior traffic police officer.This means that commuters are unable to cross the intersection in one signal cycle. \"It takes me at least three green lights to cross each signal of the BRT. Even during non-peak hours, I am stuck in a never-ending jam. Sometimes, I feel like banging my car in frustration. I can walk faster in this corridor,\" says a much hassled Ratika Dang, an interior designer.Not only the private car owners but the bus users too complain about bad planning. Despite the claims of DIMTS, the agency in-charge of the stretch, bus users say they are forced to scamper across the stretch to cross between the bus stands and the pavement. Without proper underpasses from the central median, where passengers get down or board the bus, a passenger does not know how to reach the bus stop as it's in the middle of the road. Not only are there no proper pedestrian crossings for road users on the BRT, the maintenance of the stretch is so poor that most of the safety markers, like bollards and speedbreakers, are broken and in a state of severe disrepair.Explains KK Kapila, Chairman of International Road Federation (IRF), a Geneva-based global body for road safety: \"At present the buses run in the middle of the road with cars and motorised traffic on narrow left lanes. Since the bus stands are in middle of the road, the scurrying passengers have to board or get off the bus in the middle of the road and have to scuttle to safety towards pavements through the regular traffic lane. This is not the full-scale BRT system followed abroad.\"While commuters remain stranded in traffic snarls, many frustrated vehicle owners choose to violate rules with impunity by using the bus lane, defeating the very purpose of BRT. With negligible prosecution, the entire concept of a BRT falls flat. \"BRT as a concept is good, but the success of the corridor depends on how it is implemented. In its present form, it is congested and a large number of violations occur on the stretch that are not punished. This compromises the sanctity of the corridor. People have to be prosecuted on the spot to discourage violations. We have received complaints of pile-ups on the non-BRT lane and the long signal cycle adds to the delay in smooth crossover on the stretch,\" says joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Since BRT is now a much dreaded word, people have learnt to avoid it, leading to congestion on roads around it. Nearby roads like August Kranti Marg, Aurobindo Road, MB Road and the stretch from Pamposh Enclave to GK-1 remain congested. \"Commuters prefer using these stretches to avoid the BRT and as a result these stretches have become congested too,\" says a senior traffic police officer.If bus users, car owners and other traffic users are equally dissatisfied with the corridor, whose interests does the BRT really serve?(To be continued)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12224493", "title": "Maoists torch mobile tower, phone exchange in Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: After a brief lull, Maoists struck in Koraput on Saturday night. With an aim to destabilize the communication system, especially to deter police from getting information about their movement, Maoists set ablaze a BSNL mobile tower and its adjacent telephone exchange in the district.Sources said a group of Maoists accompanied by over five dozen local supporters swooped down on the telephone exchange at Onkadeli, around 60 km from here, under Machkund police limits around midnight and poured kerosene over the room and the mobile tower and set it on fire after asking the lone watchman to vacant the office.\"Only the night watchman of the telephone exchange was present at the time of the crime. The Maoists asked him to leave the place and then attacked the office and the telephone tower,\" said a source at Onkadeli. \"The rebels did not use any explosives as the tower is close to a residential area. Soon after the crime, the rebels vanished in the neighbouring forest shouting anti-government slogans,\" the source added.Though there were no casualties, telecommunication system and Internet service has been totally paralyzed in the area after the incident. \"The exchange and the tower have been badly damaged. The Naxals have not left any poster or banner at the crime spot. Our men have left for the spot and details are awaited,\" said Sunabeda SDPO Ashok Pattnaik.Police suspect the offensive to be the handiwork of a local militia group, which is not part of the armed squad of the Maoists but organizes meetings and extorts money on behalf of the rebels.In another development, police arrested a Maoist sympathizer, identified as Ram Khillo, from Haldikund under Boipariguda police limits in the district earlier on Saturday. According to Jeypore SDPO Utkal Das, the arrested rebel was providing logistical support to the rebels and used to make necessary arrangements to hide weapons and other explosive material of the rebels at villages. \"Khillo was in our wanted list. Based on specific information, he was arrested from Haldikund village. No arms have been seized from his possession,\" Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12218789", "title": "Engine of Rajdhani express derails in Bihar, no report of any injury", "text": "PATNA: Passengers on board the New Delhi- Dibrugarh Rajdhani Express had a miraculous escape when only the engine of the train derailed at Barauni junction in Begusarai district early today, railway sources said.The 12424 New Delhi-Dibrugarh Rajdhani Express while approaching the Barauni junction went to the down track allegedly due to wrong signal leading to the derailment of the engine, East Central Railway sources said.There was no report of any injury or casualty to any passenger, the sources said. The train proceeded on in its onward journey after the engine was replaced, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12215716", "title": "BSY camp will make most of Hubli bash", "text": "HUBLI: There's a buzz in Hubli, with at least a dozen BJP legislators , including ministers, busy in the past two days, overseeing arrangements for former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's show of strength on Sunday. Armed with a clean chit from the high court in the Lokayukta's report on illegal mining, Yeddyurappa, who celebrated his 70th birthday in Bangalore on February 27 on a low scale, wants to go the whole hog at the Nehru Grounds in Hubli.A delegation of his loyalist ministers, Murugesh R Nirani and Basavaraj Bommai, among others, were in Goa on Friday to invite BJP national president Nitin Gadkari for the event. But the latter is said to have expressed his inability to attend due to his preoccupation with post-poll strategy in the five states where assembly elections were held. Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and BJP state president K S Eshwarappa have not outright declined to attend, nor have they assured Yeddyurappa of their participation. The possibility of one of them making it to the function is not ruled out, as both did on February 27, surprising Yeddyurappa by arriving for his luncheon meeting he had hosted for his supporters.His supporters will utilize the platform to ask the central leadership to give him a role in the party, now that the court has given him a clean chit. The leaders have asked him to bide his time as eight other cases are pending against him. The Central Empowered Committee is also expected to give its opinion to the Supreme Court shortly, whether a CBI inquiry is warranted in the alleged transaction of money in illegal mining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12215136", "title": "Vandals desecrate cross at Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: A roadside cross near Cine Alankar in Mapusa was vandalized and desecrated by unknown persons on Friday night.Locals were stunned to see the broken cross lying by the roadside on Saturday morning. Incidentally, locals did not lodge a police complaint in this regard, but said they would come together and rebuild the cross.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12215226", "title": "Body found in water tank", "text": "KOLKATA: A body was found in an underground water reservoir at a construction site near Jadavpur in south Kolkata on Saturday morning, triggering tension in the area.Police are yet to identify the victim or ascertain how he died. The body was found tangled in electric wires, leading to speculation that he may have been electrocuted during a heist. Others say he could be a carpenter who was electrocuted on the job. Police are not willing to say anything until the autopsy report comes in.A number of local residents visit the under-construction building on Vivekananda Road to draw wateras there is an acute water crisis in the area. On Saturday morning, 11-year-old local boy, Raju Das, went there to wash his hands and face. As soon as he stooped, he was horrified to see a pale, human hand bob up. The face could also be seen just below the surfaceHis screams quickly drew a crowd. The police were called in and they Shortly after noon, a police team arrived and retrieved the body. The youth was found to be about 20 years old and wore a black vest and a pair of shorts.A packet of bidi bearing the trademark of a Canning-based company, was found in his pocket. A few yards away from the body, police found a bag containing a hammer, a chisel and a saw. A nylon bag, containing some tools and iron parts, was also found.Police hope the autopsy can give some clues about how he died.Investigators suspect that the youth sneaked into the building site early on Saturday. It is also possible that he is a carpenter, said an officer. \"Unless we get the autopsy report, we cannot ascertain the cause of death. Electrocution might be the cause,\" said DC (Jadavpur) Biswarup Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12224441", "title": "Chief secretary to attend Delhi meeting on NCTC today", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A state government delegation led by chief secretary Bijay Patnaik will attend a meeting on the proposed national counter terrorism centre (NCTC) convened by the ministry of home affairs on Monday.Official sources said the state team, which would also include DGP Manmohan Praharaj, home secretary U N Behera and additional DG (crime branch) Abhay, would ventilate the same view as has already been communicated by chief minister Naveen Patnaik to the Centre during the past few weeks.\"The chief minister has already made public the state government's stand on NCTC. We will participate in the deliberations accordingly,\" the chief secretary said before leaving for New Delhi on Sunday.On February 13, Naveen was the first CM to write to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh accusing the Congress-led UPA government of infringing upon the rights of state governments, while seeking withdrawal of the MHA's February 3 order on NCTC. He took serious exception to the MHA office memorandum pertaining to organization, function and powers of NCTC constituted in the Intelligence Bureau and said the order has vested powers in NCTC which appear to be an \"infringement on the powers of state governments in matters of investigation and maintenance of order\". He said the order has \"draconian overtones\" and requested the Prime Minister to review it.Naveen said the order empowers the director, NCTC, as the designated authority under section 2(e) of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967. \"This would entail the officers of NCTC having the powers to arrest, search, etc, under section 3A of the UAP Act without consulting the state governments,\" he added.This was followed by at least 10 other non-Congress CMs opposing NCTC, forcing the Centre to postpone opertionalization of the proposed counter terrorism agency from March 1 and convening a meeting of state chief secretaries and DGPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12217779", "title": "Victims' families were cheated of compensation, says lawyer", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore Air Crash of May 22, 2010 was all about compensation. It got a new twist with Yeshwanth Shenoy, a legal consultant to National Biodiversity Authority, and president of 812 Foundation, filing a private complaint at the JMFC II Court here naming 15 persons including Air India (AI), Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) and Airports Authority of India (AAI) for the court to take cognizance of the offences punishable under the Indian Penal Code and Aircraft Rules 1937, for various lapses. The case has been admitted by the court and will be heard on April 23.In an interview to TOI, Shenoy claims the victims' families have been cheated over compensation and the final agreements on compensation to victims' families arrived at by Air India will not stand the test of law, if challenged.Excerpts:Q) Almost two years after the crash, you have filed this Private Complaint. What motivated you to do this?A) Human Life! 158 lives for the negligence of government officials is unacceptable. People argue that train accidents take more lives, but that does not justify this.Q) Many victims' families have signed final settlement agreement with AI. AI says that these cases will not be reopened. Is there anything foundation can do?A) AI is not the Supreme Court. I will challenge the legality of these agreements. In my opinion, these agreements will not stand the test of law if challenged. AI in a written reply to my RTI Application has stated the lawyer has taken instruction from insurance companies. How can Air India lawyer take instruction from Insurance Company? People fail to realise that to get justice, you need to demand justice and make yourself heard. There are many families hoping to ride on the matter pending before the Supreme Court. If all represent before the Supreme Court, the Court will be better placed to know the seriousness of the matter. The families can approach 812 Foundation for free legal assistance.Q)The victims' families are having a tough time in getting compensation; will this impact compensation pay outs?A) What is happening with compensation payouts is cheating. People did not have proper legal representation or advice. They need money quickly to rebuild their lives and this is being taken advantage by AI. People perceive they have no choice against slow legal machinery. Proper legal advice and strategy will ensure quick settlements. I intend to interfere in the matter before the Supreme Court and bring to its attention various aspects and I am confident that the Court will come down heavily against AI.Q) You submitted before the Magistrate that you do not need investigation by police and have enough evidence to prosecute?A) I see no point in a police investigation. The Investigating officer (IO) of the accident filed a charge sheet on February 13, 2012 and did not find anything. In the past 18 months, I made several RTI applications which were stonewalled by government officials. I am sure the sad story of corrupt officials killing innocent people will come out. I like to call it negligence, but in fact it is murder.Q) Why 812 Foundation? The Victims Association is already there? Why this parallel association?A) 812 Foundation is a Trust and not an Association. 812 have larger goals and will work on aviation Safety in general in India. I have realised there is no organisation that works on Aviation Safety and I decided to fill that void. To fight the might of the State, you need strong individuals and good professionals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216089", "title": "Archo Fest: Tattooing love on their arm", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the second day of Archo Fest, the entire Chandigarh College of Architecture campus was abuzz with activity. Activities including cricket matches, stamp making, rangoli making and tattoo making were planned for the day. The keenness of pupils was evident as the fest saw active participation for a series of competitions divided into different categories including cultural, sports and architecture. The fest will continue till March 26.The fest kicked-off with a cricket match. The most interesting part of the programme was the exciting names given to the events, with one of them named In love with Kareena where participants had to paint their arms with colourful sketch pens and ball pens!Being the cultural secretary, I have huge responsibility on my shoulders to design all the events, get the matter and provide it to the participants. I am looking forward to the response, said Nikita Kakkar, cultural secretary and student of BArch IV.We are highly enthusiastic about this event and wait for it throughout the year, said Niyati Jain, a student of BArch I.Its a collaboration of various cultural, sport and design events which help young architects unleash talent, said Ridhi Kanwar, a student of BArch IV.Archo binds all the students together and helps create a fun-filled atmosphere , said Surbhi Sahgal, a student of BArch I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12218221", "title": "Saat Paake Bandha's 500 episodes celebration", "text": "As the megaserial, \" Saat Paake Bandha\", completed 500 episodes recently, it called for a huge celebration at a south Kolkata lounge bar.While the unit had all the reasons to party, seen at the venue were also well-wishers like Sudipta Chakraborty. \"The producer is a known miser. This is the first time that he has thrown a party for his unit. Jokes apart, he is a family friend and on an occasion like this, I had to be by his side,\" said Sudipta.The actor is also proud of director Susanta. \"I know him since the time he was a third assistant,\" she said. And like at most parties, here too there were a few lighter moments. \"When leading lady Oindrilla said she's worked with me as a youngster, I asked her to hush it up,\" Sudipta wisecracked. When it was time to hit the dance floor, there were many an enthusiast. We spotted li'l Suhena, also a child actor, teaching elders a move or two. Oh-cho-chweet that was!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12216049", "title": "'Former dacoit head of mining gang in Panna'", "text": "BHOPAL: A police team led by senior officers was attacked by members of a mining gang during their inspection at Harrai village in MP's Panna district. \"No one was injured. We have identified the gang leader as Kuber Singh, a former dacoit of the area now active in illegal sand mining. He has a gang of goons who mine and sell the sand in neighbouring UP,\" a police official said. However, Panna SP Anil Maheshwari sought to downplay the incident. \"Woh UP ke badmash the (they were criminals from UP),\" he said.The sand mining mafia is active in almost all Madhya Pradesh districts, destroying riverbeds that dry up in the winter and peak summer months and threatening many major rivers.The incident followed the killing of young IPS officer Narendra Kumar allegedly by the mining mafia, an assault on another IPS officer and the killing of a constable trying to stop illegal sale of liquor on holi.Narendra Kumar was killed on Thursday while trying to stop a tractor trolley ferrying illegally mined stones in Morena district, the same day a group of supporters of a BJP legislator attacked another IPS officer and his team trying to prevent sale of liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12216625", "title": "Parked out in cold", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The city doesn't seem to be too hospitable to its guests, at least not in its apartment buildings. Visitors are forced to park their vehicles out on the roads as most of these buildings do not allow visitors to park their cars and bikes on the building premises.The parking of outsiders' vehicles on roads and narrow bylanes outside the buildings also leads to traffic chaos. At least four apartment buildings in a row on Vivekananda Marg display \"no entry\" for visitors' vehicles prominently on their gates. Similar warnings greet visitors in group housing and apartment buildings at Jaydev Vihar, Rasulgarh, GGP Colony, Garage Chhak and Kharavela Nagar, among others.Security guards in many other buildings not displaying such prohibitory orders ask the guests to keep the vehicles outside the building periphery too. \"What else can we do? There is not an inch left beyond the reserved parking for our residents,\" said Trilochan Nanda, president of Sriram Mansion, a group housing society in Old Town area.Nanda said they try to accommodate visitors who stay overnight by allowing their vehicles to enter the gate after 10 pm. The security men keep the vehicle keys so that in case of need they can change the position of the vehicles to allow the residents' vehicles to enter or exit. Visitors are naturally annoyed by the trend.\"I try to avoid visiting close relatives because of the parking problem,\" said Nishikant Satapathy, a city resident. Notably, Bhubaneswar Development Authority (Planning and Building Standards) Regulations 2008, which governs building norms in the city, makes it mandatory for housing projects to create parking space for visitors.Section 35 (11) of the BDA regulations says at least 20% of parking space in group housing and apartment buildings should be marked out for visitors. Such buildings should have at least 30% of their built up area for parking, including for residents as well as visitors. Most of the buildings facing the parking crunch have come up before the 2008 regulations. Those which were constructed after the regulations have to adhere to the norms, said BDA vice-chairman Deoranjan Kumar Singh. While a majority of the existing buildings came up before the 2008 regulations, most of those conceived after the regulations are still under construction.The post 2008 regulations buildings would not have such a problem, he said. Singh said older housing societies which don't have parking space for visitors should sort it out at their level and create whatever limited parking space they can for visitors. Developers said parking for occupants and visitors are among their prime agenda while planning a project.\"We are asking our builder friends to keep in mind the parking need for visitors and inmates while planning any project,\" said Pradipta Kumar Biswasray, president of Real Estate Developers Association of Odisha (REDA). Biswasray said it is unfortunate that the older projects don't have sufficient parking provisions may be because parking was not such a big problem when those buildings were conceived.Town planners said there is need to implement parking provisions more strictly. \"It should be ensured that builders adhere to the 20% mandatory parking space for visitors,\" said town planning director Prashant Patnaik. Developers should also follow the provisions of dedicated parking space for ambulance, fire brigade and physically-challenged people, which is also obligatory under Section 35(12) of the BDA regulations, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12215878", "title": "Sahitya Parishat poll scene heats up", "text": "MANGALORE: A re-election to the post of Dakshina Kannada district unit of Kannada Sahitya Parishat (KSP) president will not be a cakewalk for outgoing president Pradeep Kumar Kalkura as former state KSP president Harikrishna Punarooru has decided to field a candidate, who belongs to Billava community. Journalist Sarvotham Anchan, backed by Punarooru and a group of KSP members, will file nomination for the election scheduled to be held on April 29. Punarooru said that Anchan, who had a good track record of organizing literary conventions, should be given the opportunity to work as the president of KSP.\"The post of KSP president should not remain in one person's hand for a long period. Moreover, there is an allegation that KSP members do not elect non-Brahmin members as president. Hence, we have decided to choose Anchan. We agree that Kalkura had worked hard for the Parishat. However, we look forward for a change in the leadership to make the functioning of KSP more efficient and far-reaching in the district,\" he added.Kalkura, who was the president of the district KSP for the past 10 years, told STOI that he had not taken any decision on contesting for the post once again. \"We live in a democratic set-up, so all members have equal right to contest. I will decide after seeking suggestions from all taluk-level and hobli-level members,\" he added. His tenure ended on Fenruary 27. Nominations for the election will be accepted from March 21 to 28. Scrutiny is on March 31 and the last date for withdrawing the nomination is April 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12215501", "title": "An attempt by govt to ensure SC hears its case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Though the advisory jurisdiction of the Supreme Court has been invoked on a few occasions, the government's proposal of making a presidential reference on the 2G scam is without a precedent. If the reference is made, it will be the first time that the apex court will be asked to give an opinion on its own judgment. This is even after the government has already filed a review petition against the verdict on the 2G scam.The government's bid to initiate parallel proceedings before the same forum is driven by its belated realization that its concerns about the 2G verdict are more likely to be addressed through the presidential reference than the review petition.This is because most of the review petitions are not even heard in open court; they are dismissed by judges sitting in their chambers. The bar is set very high for the Supreme Court to hold hearings on a review petition for it is meant to entertained only when it brings out \"errors apparent on the face of the record\" in the judgment in question.The option of the presidential reference does not demand any such exacting standard. All that Article 143 of the Constitution stipulates is that the presidential reference on any question of law or fact should be of \"such a nature and of such public importance that it is expedient to obtain the opinion of the Supreme Court upon it.\"Given the wide discretion conferred by it, communications minister Kapil Sibal is seeking to use Article 143 to obtain clarifications from the SC on some of the contentious issues arising from its 2G verdict. One such issue is whether ban on allocation of natural resources on 'first come, first served' basis applied to other fields as well. Unlike in the case of review petition, the presidential reference is required to be heard in open court. Article 145(4) mandates that \"no report shall be made under Article 143 save in accordance with an opinion also delivered in open court\".But, at the end of the hearing, the court is not obliged to give any opinion. A case in point is the reference made by the Narasimha Rao government in 1993 asking the SC's opinion whether a Hindu structure stood on the disputed site in Ayodhya prior to the construction of the Babri Masjid. Despite hearing arguments, the court respectfully declined to answer. The first and only time the UPA made a reference was in 2004 in the context of a river sharing dispute between Punjab and Haryana. Before that, in 2002, the Vajpayee government sought the SC's opinion on the EC's refusal to hold early election in Gujarat in the aftermath of the post Godhra riots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12220743", "title": "Would love to work with Anurag Kashyap: Praveen K L", "text": "The editor, fresh from winning the National Award for Best Editing for the film 'Aaranya Kaandam', says he would like to work with directors showcasing bold and unconventional themes\"As a young film editor, I have tried to break the rules of film grammar through my editing in Aaranya Kaandam, and this film gave me a lot of scope to stretch my potential,\" Praveen says jubilantly.He also admits to being overwhelmed on winning the National Award at a relatively early stage of his career.\"It feels great to be winning a National Award at 24, and the number of congratulatory messages and calls I got from many established directors and editors totally humbled me,\" he says.A big fan of Hollywood directors Quentin Tarantino and Guy Ritchie , Praveen says that they have been a big influence on him.\"The aestheticization of violence and non-linear and slick narratives in Tarantino's and Guy Ritchie's films inspired me to edit my films in a similar fashion,\" he points out.Talking about his favourite Indian directors, Praveen expresses a desire to work with Vishal Bharadwaj, Anurag Kashyap in Bollywood, and Shankar in Kollywood.\"Vishal Bharadwaj showed his keenness on watching Aaranya Kaandam when we met at the awards function. I would love to work with him, Anurag Kashyap and our own Shankar sir, who explore unconventional themes through their films,\" he stresses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12216276", "title": "Mountain of hopes after landslide win", "text": "LUCKNOW: He maybe in the driving seat of his Ummeed ki Cycle, but Akhilesh Yadav cannot hope for a smooth ride just yet. After the post-victory euphoria abates, there has to be a hard assessment of the legacy left behind for him by the outgoing regime. Besides, he will have to face a mountain of hopes that people of UP will have raised by the time he formally takes over on March 15.Top among his list of priorities will be the need to make good on the party's promises listed in their election manifesto. First, there will be the pressure of providing unemployment doles of Rs 18,000 per annum to all those who register with employment exchange. Ever since the party posted a landslide victory, queues outside the employment exchanges have assumed serpentine proportions; over 10,000 persons have lined up to register. Needless to say, the state exchequer will be hard pressed to deliver. Distribution of laptops and tablet computers to students passing Classes XII and X respectively is also likely to set the government back by nearly Rs 7,000 crore.Crackdown on corruption:Weeding out corruption will be another key concern. With much of electioneering 2012 focusing on the rampant corruption in the Mayawati government, Akhilesh will have to clean up where the previous regime failed. To begin with, the spotlight will be firmly on the multi-crore NRHM scam in UP, involving at least a few bureaucrats believed to be also close to the Mulayam camp.'Senior bureaucrat Pradeep Shukla who has been indicted in the NRHM scam is known to be close to Yadav during his previous regime. Once the new government takes over, it will worth seeing how the inquiry into the scam progresses; and whether the guilty parties are brought to the book,'' said a UP government bureaucrat.Booster to health sector:Apart from the more obvious swindling on funds, the ailing health sector in the state will also need considerable attention. Currently, the state faces a shortfall of 8,833 doctors, a gap that is too large to be addressed by conventional methods such as expediting recruitment or outsourcing of services to contractual staff. According to a February 2012 assessment of the recruitment situation in UP by a Central government team, a restructuring of the human resource policy is the need of the day. The report suggests the state needs to implement new initiatives like hiring the services of rural medical providers trained for three years and compulsory rural postings for existing doctors. Under the Mayawati regime, no longterm policy was evident. This too will be an area where the Samajwadi Party government will have to take hard, corrective measures.Friendly hand to investment:With development being the SP's key poll-plank, the government will also have to look at inviting more investment into the state. During the Maya regime, though investment trickled in, the rate at which it came was far from satisfactory. Also, while Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad benefited by virtue of being a part of the National Capital Region, distribution of industry across the rest of the state was entirely skewed. Uttar Pradesh has also been wanting on the heavy industries front; in Central UP though, the only industrial presence is restricted to a share of the IT sector. Bundelkhand and Eastern UP, however, remain almost entirely neglected.Having risen from the ranks and built their party on socialist principles, the new government may also want to back the state's farming community - of which Mulayam Singh Yadav is a product - through a robust ago and food processing industry. Despite being a raw material-rich state, UP's food processing industry is fledgling, in comparison. Also, even though it ranks second in the country for having the maximum number of sugar mills in its midst, most of them, especially the government run cooperative sugar mills are lying defunct or running in the red.Check on crime:Rural roads, electrification of villages and civic amenities apart, keeping criminality in check will pose a considerable challenge, too, for Yadav junior. Having fielded nearly 50% candidates with criminal records, many of them are now MLAs, controlling the unruly elements in the party might pose an internal challenge. For the moment, the father-son duo have been at pains to emphasize that the first spurt in disturbances after the poll-victory is an attempt to malign the party's image. But, as the government's honeymoon period ends, controlling such elements might pose a greater challenge. Former state director general of police, Prakash Singh, says: \"With Akhilesh at the helm of affairs, there is hope that governance will be better. It remains to be seen, over time, though, whether he restores order where the previous regime has tinkered with the system.''Burden of hopes:", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12223942", "title": "Bangladesh nationals infiltrating into Nagaland: NSF", "text": "KOHIMA: The Naga Students' Federation (NSF) alleged that illegal Bangladeshis are taking shelter in Nagaland, which poses a threat to the social fabric. The students' body also alleged that illegal Bangladeshis were involved in many criminal activities in the state.The NSF has decided to conduct a survey on the non-Nagas residing in the state. NSF president Kelhouneizo Yhome said the decision was taken after consultation with all apex non-Naga bodies in Nagaland.Nagaland Gorkha Association (NGA), Gorkha Public Panchayat, Gorkha Students Union, Hindu Kalyan Samity, Muslim Council Dimapur, Muslim Welfare Society, Malayali Samajan Kohima , North East Region Service Nepali Association, Manipuri Cultural Society and Tamil Sangam attended the consultation meeting.He also said that the consultative meeting was to \"formulate ways and means to identify and describe\" an illegal immigrant and to stop infiltration into Nagaland.The NSF president said the northeast has become vulnerable to influx from Bangladesh as the country is threatened by submergence of its land mass due to climate change. \"These people will try to sneak into India and northeast is the safe target for the displaced Bangladeshis,\" he added.NSF general secretary N Ejanthung Ngullie said that the survey would collect data on permanent address, profession, place of posting and occupation of non-Nagas, among other parameters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12224068", "title": "BNLF rebel killed in Tripura encounter", "text": "AGARTALA: A Bru National Liberation Front (BNLF) militant was killed in an encounter with Tripura Police at Gachhirampara in North Tripura district, police said on Sunday.After getting intelligence inputs that a group of about 6 to 7 insurgents of BNLF, commonly known as Bru militants, were forcibly collecting subscriptions from different camps where the displaced Brus are sheltered, a police contingent went to the spot but were attacked by the militants, a source said. The police retaliated and an encounter began that lasted for 10 minutes. In the process, one rebel was killed.The slain rebel has been identified as Jashem Malsum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12214793", "title": "'Anguished' Gujarat high court raps cops for framing man", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has expressed \"anguish\" over framing of a youth in a drug-peddling case by Junagadh policemen. The court has ordered inquiry and departmental action against those involved in this case.The superintendent of police assured the court that a departmental inquiry has already been initiated, and if the policeman is found guilty, criminal prosecution would take place.In October 2009, one Mukesh Boricha was arrested on charges of peddling 170 gram of charas. This happened following information provided by one Krishnaba to a traffic constable Han Gulmohammed, who allegedly intercepted him on bike and recovered the contraband. However, a sessions court acquitted him the next year with observation that police could not prove the case against Boricha and the entire process of search and seizure was carried out illegally.The judicial findings were that a traffic cop does not have power to conduct such a search. The procedure as per the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPS) was not followed as seizure took place in the absence of the mandatory panchas and gazetted officer. Police never placed call details despite court's demand. The bike shown as being used for peddling the material did not belong to the accused, but was chosen by cops from many vehicles parked in public place.The state government challenged this acquittal order before HC, and a bench headed by justice D H Waghela took a very serious note and ordered a departmental inquiry. In this probe, it was revealed that since the accused had refused to marry Krishnaba, the later falsely implicate him in drug-peddling case with the help of cops.A bench of Akil Kureshi and Sonia Gokani questioned the investigators on how they failed to spot fabrication. HC confirmed the acquittal order and expressed \"anguish over such arbitrary exercise of powers in complete disregard to settled position of law...As disciplinary proceedings are already initiated, it is expected that it would be pursued scrupulously to upkeep the faith of citizens in the justice delivery system.\"The high court expressed displeasure at the way provisions of NDPS Act were violated rampantly in this case. \"It is time and again held by the higher courts that for stricter punishment, scrutiny at every level correspondingly shall have to be stricter,\" the court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "sankarankoil", "code": "12215498", "title": "Outages weave a dark story of Sankarankoil's power looms", "text": "SANKARANKOIL: Forty-five-year-old S Muthu Velmurugan has learnt the hard way that economics could sometimes overwhelm emotions.Velmurugan, among the second generation power loom owners in Sankarankoil was so attached to the units he bought in 1991, around the time his first child was born. But he had to sell eight of his 16 units in February. As power cuts crippled production and made a dent in his earnings, not just he but many more owners of the major industry in the backward Sankarankoil are selling their power loom units. The problem is they are not finding enough buyers.\"I struggled hard not to sell the eight units since I considered them more than machines. But I realised that if I continued to hold on to them, I would end up in debt,'' he says.He was making terry towels and had even run the machines for two shifts. Now, though, he cannot operate them for even a single shift continuously. \"The profits have fallen to just Rs 7,500 per month of which I am forced to spend up to Rs 3,000 on diesel for generators,'' he says. Power loom owners are at least happy the 10-hour power cuts have come down to four hours in the last few days.\"In the last month alone, four persons have sold their power loom units. Many more have decided to sell their looms, but no one is ready to buy them as the power cuts have rendered the power loom units a liability,\" says S Dharmalingam, president of the Thirumugan Small Power Loom Owners Association, that has over 300 members.Power looms entered this dusty town, about 50km from Tirunelveli, in the 1960s replacing the handlooms in Sankarankoil as well as adjoining villages. Since then, power looms became the pivot for the economy of the town. Over 6,000 power loom units were established since then, providing direct employment to 15,000 people and indirect income to another 8,000. The units obtain orders from traders in Madurai and Arupukottai. The contractors also provide coarse cotton threads that are woven into terry towels, saris, handkerchiefs and lungies, catering to the needs of a vast market in Tamil Nadu as well as adjoining states.Dharmalingam's father Sankaravel Muthaliar was one of the pioneers in the power loom sector in Sankarankoil. Dharmalingam took the mantle from his father in 1977 and says he had not faced such a crisis in more than three decades.\"For every three units we need to spend Rs 300 per day on diesel to keep the generators running. We cannot leave the looms idle as the contract deadline has to be met. Further, we have to retain workers too,\" Dharmalingam says.The picture of workers is even murkier. \"Only two months back we struck work for over a month and obtained a 25% wage rise. But now, we are not even getting the pay we used to get before the revision. I managed to produce eight saris a day, but now can weave only six,\" says S Lakshmanan, a father of two.With nearly 25,000 votes at stake, the political community is bent upon wooing them. While DMK men squarely blame the AIADMK for the power crisis and thus seek votes, power loom owners say key leaders of the AIADMK have already requested for a meeting with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12215271", "title": "Five Bangalore innovators in MIT honours list", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore's Anirudh Sharma, 24, who designed a shoe that guides the visually impaired to the direction they need to go, has been named Indian Innovator of the Year under the age of 35 by the MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology) Technology Review.Sharma was among five from Bangalore in this year's list of 20 innovators, the largest number from any city, once again highlighting Bangalore's strength in technology innovation. The others are Shirish Goyal, 27, Vikas Malpani, 28, Sumeet Yamdagni, 29, and Animesh Nandi, 33.BREAKPROOF TECHNIQUESharma's solution, called Le Chal can be fitted on any shoe, and includes a circuit board in the heel and vibrators on each side of the shoe. It's waterproof and breakproof. The user begins by speaking the destination on Google Maps, using an app running on an Android smart phone. A proximity sensor in the front of the shoe also alerts the user to obstacles it can detect up to 10 ft away. Sharma works for HP Labs in human-computer interaction.Asked about the award, Sharma said it should bring more attention to the product. \"We need a lot of money for the project, and there's a long way to go before we can commercialize it,\" he told STOI.Shirish Goyal, a computer science graduate from Amritsar, came to Bangalore in 2010 to work in Accenture Technology Labs. He then went on to found LinkSmart Technologies which developed a tamper detection and originality verification solution. The technology is delivered in the form of labels and specialized scanners. Once the label is applied on a product, the scanner can detect if the product has been opened or tampered with. Vikas Malpani helped develop an online portal called commonfloor.com that addresses a user's complete residential requirements, such as searching for an apartment, facilitating interactions within an apartment community, and connecting to relevant service providers.PERSONALIZED TOUCH Sumeet Yamdagni developed an optical sensing technology to monitor the health of structures. Sensors detect strain and temperature, and can be used to monitor the health of structures as varying as bridges and aircraft. Animesh Nandi, who works at Alcatel-Lucent's Bell Labs India, has been recognized for work that enables users to avail personalized services without having to reveal sensitive profile information to the content or service providers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214790", "title": "Chiranjeevi eyes meaty role as vote-catcher", "text": "HYDERABAD: Members of the erstwhile Prajarajyam Party, which has now merged with Congress, are debating whether their leader Chiranjeevi should use the proposed byelections to the 16 Seemandhra constituencies whose representatives were recently disqualified to underline his influence with Kapu or Balija voters by winning their votes for the ruling party.In the event, his supporters believe, Chiranjeevi would have proved his relevance in the changed scenario as well.The Chiru camp is identifying safe bets for Congress to field in some of the constituencies. According to party sources, endowments minister C Ramachandriah is being considered for the Rajampet Assembly constituency in Kadapa district which is considered to be a Balija stronghold.Former minister Kothapalli Subbarayudu and ex-MLA Thota Trimurthulu are being touted as the likely candidates for Narsapuram and Ramchandrapuram.The aftermath of the 2009 general elections has not provided Chiranjeevi with any opportunity to prove that he is not only a crowd-puller but a vote-catcher as well.Although he campaigned for the Congress candidate at last year's Pulivendula byelection, the screen legend's charisma could not help the Congress to even retain his deposit. Former PRP members, therefore, want Chiranjeevi to at least ensure two or three seats for the Congress as they foresee a bigger role in the state for their leader.Sources close to Chiranjeevi told TOI that the Tirupati MLA will pitch for at least four seats for his nominees.\"On half the seats, it will be Kapu or Balija voters who determine the outcome.\"Four constituencies in the coastal region - Payakaraopet, Narsapur, Ramachandrapuram, Polvavaram - are known to be Kapu strongholds as are Railway Kodur in Kadapa district and Allagadda in Kurnool district,\" he said.Chiranjeevi loyalists argue that Congress's chances in Rajampet, Narsapur, Payakaraopet and Ramachandrapuram would be brighter were the seats to be given to former PRP leaders in the party.And the party, it is learnt, is seriously considering the name of endowments minister C Ramachandraiah for the Rajampet constituency, which happens to be the minister's home town.\"This area has many senior Balija leaders in powerful positions such as Rajampet MP A Sai Pratap, MLC P Chengal Rayudu and C Ramachandraiah himself.\"If the right candidate is fielded from Rajampet, the Congress stands a chance of winning at least one of the three bypoll seats in Kadapa,\" a source said.\"In coastal Andhra, Chiru may lobby for Kothapalli Subbarayudu (Narsapuram) and Thota Trimurthulu (Ramachandrapuram),\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216120", "title": "Health camp for women", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A womans health camp, Prevention is better than cure was organized to mark the celebration of Womans Day at a private hospital in Mohali on Saturday. Around 100 women came forward for complete evaluation at the occasion. The health camp was organized by Dr Ritambhra Bhalla, consultant gynaecologist and Dr Navneet Kohli, president, Indian Menopause Society, Chandigarh Chapter.On the occasion, a comprehensive health package was offered to women. Information &amp; prevention material was also distributed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12222389", "title": "BJP\u2019s core committee to shortlist names for RS poll", "text": "PATNA: With a large number of state BJP leaders trying to get party nomination from Bihar for the Rajya Sabha poll, the party's State Election Committee (SEC) on Sunday virtually abdicated its role and passed over the responsibility to shortlist the candidates to the party's state core committee. The latter would shortlist the names in a day or so, and then send the panels made for each of the seats in its kitty to the party's Central Election Committee (CEC) for finalization of the candidates latest by Thursday or Friday.While six Rajya Sabha seats have fallen vacant in Bihar, the two ruling coalition partners, JD (U) and BJP, in normal situation, can get five of them (three from the side of JD (U) and two from the BJP camp) easily elected since they command adequate number of MLAs in the state assembly. The JD (U) has 118 MLAs and BJP 91 MLAs, while the election of one candidate would require 35 votes.As for the sixth seat, the two parties have to support a jointly agreed candidate through mutual understanding to make him sail through. JD (U) will have 12 surplus MLAs after electing three candidates, and BJP 21 after electing two of its candidates. However, the BJP has also been counting on the three Independent MLAs to take the strength of its surplus votes to 24. BJP sources said the party had supported the candidates of the JD (U) earlier on two occasions, in 2006 and 2010.State BJP chief Dr C P Thakur said on Sunday that the party was desirous of having three of the six Rajya Sabha seats, even as the term of only one BJP Rajya Sabha member from Bihar - national BJP chief spokesman Ravi Shankar Prasad - is to expire. \"For the third seat, it has been decided to hold parleys with the alliance partner, JD (U),\" Dr Thakur added.On the other hand, the BJP SEC, after discussing the names of 15 aspirants, authorized the state core committee to shortlist the names for preparing a three-member panel for each of the three seats - thereby, shortlisting nine of the 15 aspirants for consideration by the party's CEC in Delhi, Dr Thakur said.The SEC members who discussed the profiles and potential of the 15 aspirants included Dr Thakur, former state chief Radha Mohan Singh, secretary (organization) Nagendraji, and ministers Nand Kishore Yadav and Ashwini Kumar Choubey, among others.It is learnt that the state core committee members - deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , Dr Thakur, Singh, Nagendraji, Yadav and Choubey - would sit with the party's CEC in Delhi for two days, beginning March 14, to finally decide the names of candidates for the two Rajya Sabha seats in natural course, and also for the third one if the agreement with the JD (U) is successfully clinched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12215024", "title": "Post polls, Pernem civic chief firm in saddle", "text": "MAPUSA: While the chairs of most municipal body chiefs have begun tumbling after the assembly election results came in, Vasudev Deshprabhu, the Pernem municipal council chairperson, has become stronger.In the run-up to the elections, chairperson Deshprabhu along with six other councilors had joined the BJP and extended their support to BJP MLA Rajendra Arlekar, who was contesting as a Scheduled Caste candidate for the Pernem seat.There has been little development in Pernem town as its former MLA Dayanand Sopte was in the opposition.Pernem town has always remained behind in terms of development. The previous council had done very little to take up projects of public interest and a major reason for this has been the fact that the municipality has seen seven chairpersons during that term.Major issues in Pernem town include lack of a bus stand and a market complex.The weekly Thursday market is entirely organized by the roadsides.With BJP coming to power, Deshprabhu says he is gearing up to undertake development works. \"My intention is to bring about development in Pernem town. The municipality has been categorized as 'C' class and the poor revenue generated by it cannot do much for it. All ex-MLAs have failed in developing the town,\" Deshprabhu said.\"Now, we are with our new MLA Rajendra Arlekar and we are also with the ruling party so we can expect that Pernem will now witness some development which we have been deprived of since the last 50 years,\" he said.His immediate plan is to solve the garbage issue, make garbage collection effective and ensure that the garbage treatment plant planned for the town materializes soon.Deshprabhu said he also hoped to put work on the market and bus stand on the fast track with the help of the new Pernem MLA.\"Chief minister Manohar Parrikar along with the two MLAs in Pernem taluka will definitely help now in developing Pernem town,\" Deshprabhu said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12214971", "title": "Cotton export ban: Decisions to be made public soon", "text": "NASHIK: Over the ban on the export of cotton, union agriculture minister Pawar said the Union government had taken decisions on the issue and since the poll code-of-conduct was in focus it would take some time for the decisions to be made public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "12215750", "title": "Jat agitation spreads to new areas", "text": "HISAR: The Jat agitation demanding reservation in government jobs spread to Haryana's Kurukshetra, Jind and some areas of Bhiwani on Saturday.The protests had been confined to Hisar's Mayyar village and Fatehabad's Gajuwala where Jats blocked roads and squatted on railway tracks.Sedition charges have been slapped on 68 agitating Jat leaders. In protest, agitators pelting stones at paramilitary forces at Bajelpur village of Fatehabad.They burnt an effigy of Haryana cabinet minister Randeep Singh Surjewala.\"We cautioned Surjewala against issuing any statement about the agitation,\" said Jat leader Suresh Koth.Government buses on Hisar-Jind route remained off the road for the fourth day on Saturday. Cab operators from Ambala, Karnal and Kaithal refused to ply on the route. Haryana chief parliamentary secretary (CPS) Dharamveer Singh met Khap leaders to convince them to come for talks with the chief minister at Chandigarh on Sunday.In Kurukshetra, Jats blocked the Saharanpur-Hisar road in the afternoon while hundreds of people, including farmers, held a day-long dharna at Jind's Sundarpur village.Koth said protesters blocked the National Highway-10 at two places: on the Sirsa-Hisar-Delhi route and on Hisar-Rohtak-Delhi route.The Jat agitation hit Rajasthan, too. Hundreds of passengers at Jaipur railway station were stranded as the train to Amritsar via Hisar was cancelled.Agitators blocked the train route in Hisar. More than nine trains of the North Western Railway (NWR) were cancelled. Most of these trains pass through small towns and districts of north-eastern Rajasthan.Passengers returning to Haryana and Punjab after Holi were in a fix. There were long queues for fare refund. Many were compelled to take the road.The Rajasthan State Roadways Corporation (RSRTC) has decided to run all buses except express bus between Jaipur and Ajmer on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12215362", "title": "Moshi traffic park likely to be ready in a fortnight", "text": "PUNE: Work at the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority's (PCNTDA) traffic park at Moshi is expected to be completed in a fortnight, according to chief executive officer Yogesh Mhase.Mhase said that the authority was developing the traffic park to create good drivers. \"The park is being developed on a five-acre plot off the Spine Road in Moshi. Various facilities have been created at the park to train drivers and hone their driving skills. Different types of road surfaces have been created to familiarise new drivers to such conditions,\" he said.A PCNTDA official said that the park will have an administration and maintenance centre near the entrance. A workshop nearby will inform visitors about the basic components of a vehicle and their working and give them basic knowledge needed to repair a vehicle. The park will have adequate parking space for visitors' vehicles.The authority has not yet decided which vehicles it will allow inside for visitors to practice on yet. Entry fees haven't been decided either.The official added that an information centre in the park will educate visitors about traffic safety rules. Visitors can learn driving skills at the figure eight practice curve, practise parking of vehicles, using the reverse gear, and driving in a subway , on a rough road patch and a gradient. They can also use the one-kilometre-long jogging track and the cafeteria.The official said that the land had black cotton soil, which had to be removed before starting the work. The surface had to be levelled and filled with coarse soil. The construction work has been completed. Painting is nearly over and other final touches are being given.Rajendra Bhambre, assistant commissioner of police, traffic, Pimpri, said, \"The traffic park will impart training to new drivers, help them hone their driving skills and develop a traffic sense. This is expected to reduce the number of accidents occurring in the city.\"Manav Kamble, president of social organisation Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti, said, \"The number of private vehicles in the city is growing due to lack of public transport. The number of road accidents is also increasing as people lack traffic discipline. There is a need to create awareness about traffic rules and discipline among the motorists. Creation of a traffic park is a welcome move.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12216635", "title": "85K candidates to sit for CET today", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 85,000 candidates would appear for Maharashtra's common entrance test (CET) for admissions to 400 management institutes in the state on Sunday. This year, the number of candidates appearing for the state test has gone down by more than 15%.This is the last year of the state CET, as admissions from next year will be conducted on the basis of the common management admission test (CMAT).According to S K Mahajan, director of the Directorate of Technical Education , admissions would be conducted through the common admission process ( CAP). \"Sixty-five per cent of the seats will be given on the basis of the CET scores and 20% is reserved for the management quota. This year, CMAT scores will be considered along with other national-level entrance tests' scores for the rest of the 15% of seats and also for seats vacant in the two other quotas,\" he said. He added that the numbers of registrations might have gone down after students opted for CMAT, but a clear picture would be known only after students apply for the institutes.Sunday's exams will be conducted in 287 centres across the state. Results of the test will be announced on April 16. Admission to MBA/MMS programmes will be conducted on the basis of CET scores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12224458", "title": "Tribal body against MLA's wife as samiti chairperson", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Election of panchayat samiti chairpersons passed off smoothly across Odisha on Sunday, barring a few stray incidents such as in Titlagarh where a tribal outfit opposed local MLA Surendra Singhbhoi's wife Monika's election as chairperson of Saintala block.State Election Commission (SEC) sources said elections were successfully held for chairperson posts in 312 blocks (or panchayat samitis) except Kashipur in Rayagada and Suliapada in Mayurbhanj. While people in Kashipur had boycotted the three-tier panchayat polls supporting the Jhodia community's demand for scheduled tribe status, elections could not be held in Suliapada block owing to confusion over presence of the elected members, SEC sources said.According to unofficial sources, majority of the block chairpersons belong to the ruling BJD, though party symbol was not used in the panchayat samiti elections. In at least 30 blocks, the chairpersons were elected uncontested, sources said.In Titlagarh, the Zilla Adivasi Kalyan Mahasangha (ZAKM) demanded the arrest of Titlagarh MLA Surendra Singhbhoi (Congress) alleging that he disrupted the law and order by taking out a victory procession for his wife Monika, who allegedly became a panchayat samiti member from an ST seat in Saintala block although she is an OBC.The tribal body lodged an FIR against 12 people, including Surendra Singhbhoi, at Saintala police station after the local legislator and his supporters went in a procession violating prohibitory orders clamped there. The local administration had clamped prohibitory orders after ZAKM opposed Monika's candidature on grounds that she was not a tribal. ZAKM president Brajakishor Singhbhoi alleged Monika had married once before and her name then was Brajeswari Dora. \"As she is Dora, she belongs to OBC. After her first marriage broke down she married Surendra and became Monika Singhbhoi. We have documents to prove she is not a tribal,\" he said.Surendra denied the allegation, saying: \"Monika was ST. This was documented in her school records. I have sufficient evidence to prove she is a tribal belonging to Konda-Dora.\"Titlagarh sub-collector Biswanath Sahu said the dispute was related to Monika's caste status. \"While Monika claims to be ST, the adivasis say she is OBC,\" Sahu said.On Saturday, at least five persons were injured, including one seriously, during election of naib sarpanch in separate clashes at Chandanpur and Beguniapada in Ganjam district. Hiranya Das, the newly elected naib sarpanch of Chandanpur panchayat in Beguniapada block, was one of the injured. Police have arrested eight people, including the Beguniapada sarpanch's husband, from both the places.In Keonjhar, election for naib sarpanch of Kaunrikala panchayat under Sadar block was postponed after police arrested Gitanjali Mohanta, a candidate, for allegedly tearing off the panchayat resolution book and locking poll officials. Election for naib sarpanch of Khajuripat panchayat under Saharpada block was also postponed after villagers locked the panchayat office and gheraoed election officer and block development officer after some ward members were not invited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna/begusarai", "code": "12222176", "title": "Rajdhani Express locomotive derails near Begusarai", "text": "PATNA/BEGUSARAI: Passengers of the Dibrugarh-New Delhi Rajdhani Express had a providential escape at 5am on Sunday when its locomotive derailed near Lohia Nagar level crossing near Begusarai station on the Barauni-Katihar section under the Sonepur division of East Central Railway (ECR).However, none of the passengers were injured as the coaches didn't jump off the track. Traffic movement on the Barauni-Katihar route remained paralysed for about two hours from 5am to 7am on Sunday.According to sources, the train was moving at a slow speed when the incident took place. This prevented the coaches behind the engine from crashing. Moreover, the engine got stuck in a heap of sand kept for rail line laying work by the side of the track. The stranded passengers heaved a sigh of relief when the train resumed its onward journey after 7am for New Delhi, sources said.According to ECR headquarters control room, railway rescue team rushed to the site soon after the incident along with medical van. The rescue team started lifting the derailed locomotive on tracks with the help of crane. Though the exact cause behind derailment was not immediately known, it is believed that the derailment took place as the points (tracks) were not properly set for the incoming train, the control room sources said, adding a departmental inquiry would be held into the matter.ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha said the engine driver, assistant driver and loco inspector of the Rajdhani Express have been suspended. Sonepur DRM R L Gupta rushed to the spot after the incident. Meanwhile, the incident caused several up and down trains to remain stranded at different stations for a few hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12215256", "title": "Get Lokayukta court back to city: lawyers", "text": "BANGALORE: The Advocates Association of Bangalore (AAB) sought the reversal of the decision to shift special Lokayukta court to Parappana Agrahara.\"Our demand was to conduct sensitive cases in Parappana Agrahara. But now even for small cases we have to go to Parappana Agrahara. It's virtually going to Tamil Nadu as it takes more than an hour to get there. There was no problem when BS Yeddyurappa and HD Kumaraswamy cases were held at the Lokayukta court in City Civil Court complex. Only when the G Janardhana Reddy case was heard, the trouble started. We have requested Justice K Shridhara Rao to reconsider the shifting order,\" AAB president KN Subba Reddy said.The association will hold a meeting of its governing council members on Sunday to assess the indefinite strike. \"The onus is on the government. Though it has taken several decisions, it has not met our main demand of action against top cops. We'll decide the future course of action,\" Subba Reddy said.\"We'll discuss action against those who attended courts despite the boycott call. We have sought resignation of the advocate general and state public prosecutor for defying the call,\" he explained. Shankarappa, Dy SP, CID, on Saturday visited civil court to record the statements of advocates injured in the March 2 violence. AAB members told him to come on Monday as it was a second Saturday, a holiday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216778", "title": "'We are very proud of Rahul and Vijeeta'", "text": "NAGPUR: Wing Commander (retired) Surendra and Dr Jaishree Pendharkar knew the announcement was coming on Friday and were prepared to hear it 'officially'. What they didn't perhaps expect was Rahul Dravid publicly acknowledging the contribution of his wife - and their daughter Vijeeta - to his successful career.As Dravid made his retirement announcement in Bangalore and mentioned Vijeeta, one could sense the couple's chest swelling in pride and a desperate attempt to hold back some tears. After sitting through the announcement, which was telecast live on almost every news channel, the couple left their Subhash Nagar residence to attend regular work. Later, in the evening, news having sunk in they warmed up to some television channels and gave some on-demand non-controversial bytes.It was a mixed feeling for them. They were sad as Rahul would no longer play cricket for India but, at the same time, they were happy that their daughter had contributed substantially in shaping the career of a legend.\"We are really proud of Rahul and Vijeeta. They are perfectly made for each other,\" said Pendharkar. \"We are proud of Rahul because of his contribution on the field while we are proud of our daughter Vijeeta because she sacrificed a lot including her career in medicine to manage the home affairs and bringing up the two children,\" added Dr Jaishree.Vijeeta, who had done MS in surgery from Nagpur, chose to remain a housewife so that the couple's two sons - Samit (8) and Anvay (4) - would get good attention and Dravid doesn't have to worry about them.\"After their wedding, Vijeeta completely concentrated on home. She had a wonderful career as surgeon in store but decided against it. She placed Rahul's career as main priority and sacrificed her own. She realized that it will be really difficult to bring up the kids had she pursued her surgery career,\" said Dr Jaishree, a well-known dietitian from the city.The Pendharkars came to know about the big decision a couple of days ago but were told not to disclose it to anyone. \"Rahul had called us on Wednesday. He did not want anybody to know before the Bangalore press conference. We were a little surprised but we wished him all the best,\" said Pendharkar.Dravid termed Vijeeta as a \"remarkable partner in his journey \". \"She has made sacrifices in her own career and has almost been a single parent bringing up our children as I travelled to play. Whenever challenges appeared, she was always there, as sounding board, ally and guide,\" said Dravid in Bangalore on Wednesday.Both the families know each other even before Rahul and Vijeeta were born. \"When I was in Air Force, I was transferred to Bangalore from Indore (1970s). That was the time when we came to know Sharad and Pushpa (Dravid's parents) as they resided very close to our house. Gradually our friendship became strong and we decided it should be converted it into a relationship because Rahul and Vijeeta also began to like each other. They got married nine years ago and we are happy that to have got such a great son-in-law,\" said Pendharkar.Vijeeta is the youngest of three siblings. Pendharkar's elder son Abhijeet, who is in the army, is all set to become a Brigadier and is currently posted in Mhow and younger son Satyajeet is in Dubai as a marketing manager with a shopping mall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12215518", "title": "Burglars loot 6.5 kg gold from jewellery store", "text": "MADURAI: Burglars broke into a jewelry outlet as well as an adjoining pawn shop, both owned by the same person, stealing 6.5 kg of gold at Ilayankudi in Sivaganga district on Friday night.The gang also gained entry into a cellular phone outlet and decamped with a cache of cell phones. Police said that they later broke into a wine shop in the locality as well. The estimated worth of stolen gold was Rs 2 crore while the cell phones are valued at Rs 3 lakh. The theft took place at a prime business spot near the bus stand at Salaigramam in Ilayankudi. Police have formed special teams to track the culprits.S Suresh, owner of the Rasi Jewellery store where the theft occurred, told Times Of India that the locks on the front gate and the shutters of the outlet were broken open by the culprits. \"On Friday night, we closed the shop around 9.30 pm. On Saturday morning, I received a call from the public in the proximity of my jewellery outlet that the doors of my shop were open. I rushed to the shop immediately and was shocked to find that the locks were broken. I entered the shop to find that all the objects were scattered. The show cases where the gold jewellery is displayed were also broken and the ornaments were missing. The thieves had also stolen 6.5 kg of gold jewellery from the safety chest. Cash of around Rs 3.5 lakhs was also missing,'' he said.Suresh immediately informed the police about the incident. On receiving the complaint from the shop owner, the Salaigramam police rushed to the spot and began an investigation. The forensic expert also came to the spot and collected fingerprints.Meanwhile, police also found that Suresh was running the pawn shop without any official authorisation. Police said that the shop owner received jewels from persons hailing from Sivaganga as well as from places as far as Ramanthapuram, who are living abroad. \"According to the complaint, Rs 2 crore worth jewellery has been stolen from the outlet as well as the pawn shop owned by Suresh. We will know the complete picture after we scan the ledger thoroughly. The ledger contains details of the persons who have pledged the jewellery,'' ADSP Kannan said. Kannan said that they have culled out certain clues from the scene of crime and would pursue them to nab the culprits.Later, the burglars also gained entry into a TASMAC outlet in the locality and stole liquor bottles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12214528", "title": "3 nabbed for strangling AC mechanic, dumping his body", "text": "MUMBAI: The MRA Marg police arrested three persons who allegedly assaulted and strangled a 27-year-old man inside a car and dumped his body under the JJ flyover parking shed near Crawford Market on March 1.Padmakar Juikar, senior inspector of the police station, said they have arrested Shakir Ghadiyal (24), Mukarram Ali Khan (27) and Naeem Ahmed (22) for the murder of an air-conditioner mechanic, Sachin Panchal.\"We found the body on the morning of March 1 with serious head injuries and strangulation marks around the neck,\" said Juikar, adding that the autopsy report stated that he was punched badly before being strangulated.\"We had sent the photograph of the body to all the 90 plus police stations in Mumbai, Navi Mumbai and Thane to identify the body.On March 5, a woman named Pushpa, who was looking for her missing younger brother, approached us at St George's Hospital. She identified Panchal's body and said her brother who was missing since February 29,\" said Juikar.The woman told the police that five mobile phones, a gold bracelet and several other stuff collectively amounting to Rs 3 lakh was missing. \"We found that Panchal was last seen with one Ghadiyal. On interrogation, Ghadiyal confessed to his crime and led us to his two accomplices, who were later arrested,\" added Juikar. Ghadiyal owns a mobile repairing shop at Crawford Market.According to police, Ghadiyal and Panchal, a Khetwadi resident, knew each other for several years. \"Panchal used to wear gold bracelet and carried costly cellphones. Ghadiyal along with Ahmed and Khan planned to rob Panchal. On February 29, Khan, a driverby profession, brought a Xylo car and Ghadiyal called up Panchal for lunch. The accused took Panchal to several places and later started punching him till he fell unconscious. They then strangulated Panchal,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12223604", "title": "Over 20,000 women and children rescued from trafficking gangs in China last year", "text": "BEIJING: Over 20,000 abducted women and children were rescued as Chinese police busted more than 3,000 human trafficking rings and gangs last year, highlighting a major problem faced by China.A report of the Chinese ministry of public security said in one of the cases police busted a ring that was trafficking Chinese women to Angola for prostitution.Chinese police across the country rescued 8,660 abducted children and 15,458 women in busts of 3,195 human trafficking gangs in 2011, the report said.It mentioned major cases tracked last year, citing a raid in which 19 women were rescued and 16 suspects apprehended in a ring trafficking Chinese women to Angola.The report also mentioned the ministry's work in facilitating abducted children to return home, such as setting up a DNA database for missing children, state-run Xinhua reported.But officials admit hundreds of kidnapped women and children remain to be traced, a major problem faced by China in the recent years.Eighty-nine children were rescued last year when police busted two major human trafficking rings in south China and arrested 369 suspects across the 14 provinces of the country.Child trafficking has emerged as a major challenge for the Chinese government in the recent years.According to unofficial data, two lakh children go missing in China every year and over six lakh missing children were yet to be traced.Most of those stolen are children of migrant workers who were traded for a few hundred dollars and few were ever found.The hunt for missing children also picked up pace in the recent years with microblog activists joining the search operations.Since April 2009, police nationwide saved 14,600 children and 24,800 women and solved more than 39,000 human trafficking cases.They claimed to have busted 4,885 criminal gangs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12215907", "title": "Phone radiation to treat Parkinson\u2019s?", "text": "CHENNAI: Physicians at the city-based Voluntary Health Services are exploring non-traditional methods to treat chronic conditions such as Parkinson's disease, brain hemorrhage and diabetes . While mainstream physicians may scoff at the idea of using electromagnetic fields as 'pseudo science', these eminent doctors have developed devices for research and treatment of these ailments.Pulsed electromagnetic field energy is a new approach to pain and disease management. In the US, such a therapy is FDA-approved to fuse bones and has been cleared in certain devices to reduce swelling and joint pain. VHS cardiologist Dr B M Hegde, who was the former vice-chancellor of Manipal University, feels it has a larger scope. \"We know that frequencies in cellphones and microwave ovens can affect our DNA, RNA and protein synthesis. That way, right frequencies of electromagnetic energy can be used to heal a damaged cell. We are researching on such frequencies to treat such cells of the heart, brain and other organs,\" he said.Many doctors don't approve of it. A leading cardiologist said, \"Science is capable of throwing surprises. I am not discounting the possibility of any such therapy. But for it to be practices, it needs to be researched and peer reviewed. It's not a bedside therapy now,\" he said.Hegde is not disheartened by his critics. His friend and US physician, Dr Glen A Gordon, who suffered a heart problem, used electromagnetic field therapy to improve blood circulation in the heart. Gordon helped rehabilitate several sportsmen. He died at 71, in 2011.Together Dr Hegde and senior physician Dr C V Krishnaswami had published their clinical research on how electromagnetic field can be applied as treatment for ischemic heart failure, in the Journal, Indian Academy of Clinical Medicine. \"'I have been called a quack several times. But the first patient I treated with this therapy was my 86-year-old professor of surgery. Today he is a happy man,\"' said Dr Hegde.Dr Hegde has developed a device - which looks similar to a mobile phone - which is attached to the body for treatment. The circuit used in this device is similar to those approved by FDA devices. The electromagnetic energy released intermittently from this device has anti-oxidant properties, which stimulates proteins and repairs dysfunctional cells. \"We aren't claiming a cure yet. We are in the research stage. We hope it will make a lot of difference to the quality of life for many people,\" said Dr Krishnaswami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12215967", "title": "Building owner threatens Ooty municipal officials", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Four officials of the Ooty municipality were threatened by the owner of an illegal building on Ooty-Coonoor Road, when they tried to demolish the construction on Saturday. However, with the help of revenue officials and police they removed the illegal portions of the building. The demolition drive under the instruction of the Nilgiris collector, Archana Patnaik, was started on March 6.\"Apart from the eight unauthorized buildings, a fresh unauthorized construction was found on the Ooty-Coonoor Main Road,\" said Sethurajan, Ooty town planning inspector. When the demolition started on Friday, family of the building owner and about 20 other people gathered at the spot and threatened the officials, he said. After heated arguments, the officials left the spot without demolishing the building.On Saturday, when officials reached the spot, the way to the building was found blocked. \"Around 40 supporters of the building owner abused and threatened us,\" officials said. Immediately, revenue officials, including tahsildar and revenue inspector, went to the spot. Help from police was also sought by the Ooty municipal commissioner to conduct the drive. About eight police personnel, including the town police inspector, were deputed to the spot for security.According to officials, around 700 square feet of additional construction had built illegally adjacent to an existing building, which has been used commercially. About 15 municipal workers were involved in the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12162881", "title": "How your phone can be your compass", "text": "Gaurish Sharma - a web developer and frequent traveller based in Jaipur - gave up on huge, foldable maps a few years ago. Now, whenever he is in an unknown city, he navigates its streets with the help of his smartphone. \"I rely on my mobile for directions; of course, I also double-check by asking passersby to confirm if I am on the right track. But yes, these digital map services are easy to follow and quite wonderful,\" he declares.Manik Kalra, a blogger from Delhi, meanwhile relies on services such as Google Maps to find his way around \"the not-so-familiar part of the capital\" .Sharma and Kalra are part of a growing number of travellers who have ditched their maps after discovering the potential of GPS that is inbuilt into almost all tablets and smartphones (including those cheap Android handsets selling for less than Rs 10,000).So, if you have a smartphone and are still relying on the 'paper trails' whenever you travel, we certainly believe you need an upgrade...Google Maps and Navigation Take Google's Android OS and marry it to its Maps service. The result is a tightly-integrated package. Unlike in the US, however - where Google Navigation is officially available - there is no turn-by-turn navigation in India. This means you can't place your phone on the dashboard, state your destination, and then wait to hear exacting instructions - turn right, turn left - as you drive. But short of this feature, Google Navigation works amazingly well in this country of ours. You just need to specify your destination, and you're set to go.The app uses the GPS feature in your phone or tablet to find your location and give driving or walking directions. If you are up to it, there is also a hack available that enables turnby-turn voice navigation on Android phones.Waze If you don't like Google Navigation or if you are not an Android user, you might want to consider Waze (pronounced Wayz) - a free app available for the iPhone, BlackBerry , Symbian (read as Nokia), and yes, even Android smartphones.In India, Waze relies on maps provided by SatNav and is pretty accurate. As an added bonus, it offers turnby-turn navigation as well as real-time updates on traffic , based on feedback from its users, and a quick analysis of how fast they are moving on the road.NavFree For all its features , map-based navigation is one area where Apple devices lack in India. But that doesn't mean you can't use those glitzy gadgets on your travels. We've already mentioned that iPhone owners can use Waze. But if you're looking for an option, you might want to consider FreeNav from Navmii.The app uses Open-StreetMap - a wiki service that's made up of maps annotated by users. These are mostly very accurate, but there could be some discrepancies. Still, the FreeNav is constantly being improved, especially since OpenStreetMap allows you to view, edit and use geographical data in a collaborative way from anywhere on Earth .Nokia Maps and Drive If there is one area where Nokia still trumps the competition in the Indian smartphone market, it has got to be its inbuilt navigation features. Over the years, the Finnish company has painstakingly built very elaborate and detailed maps of Indian cities and now offers them through its Drive and Map apps on its Symbian and Windows Phone devices.Nokia Drive, which features turn-by-turn navigation, is the gold standard in GPS apps in the country. It is accurate and covers almost all major roads and cities. So if you have a Lumia series phone or any Symbian smartphone - Nokia 701 and Nokia N8 etc - this is the app you need.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12215114", "title": "Mulayam wants to forge fourth Front to focus on national politics", "text": "LUCKNOW: After handing over the mantle of Uttar Pradesh chief minister to son Akhilesh Yadav, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav can now look for a bigger role in national politics to forge a 'fourth front' comprising regional parties.\"Now that Akhilesh will be the chief minister, I will concenctrate on national politics,\" Mulayam said. Sources said Mulayam plans to bring together regional parties across India and form a unified front, which would be the first of its kind.Mulayam had decided to shift his focus to national politics around 2009 Lok Sabha elections leaving Akhilesh to lead the SP's protests. Akhilesh was arrested and spent days in jail on apprehension of breach of peace.In July 2011, Akhilesh released a list of party candidates for the 2012 polls. He grew in stature with his poll campaign on Mulayam's Kranti Rath last September. After the first two phases of assembly polls, people could see a promising, young leader in Akhilesh. With Akhilesh the CM-designate, Mulayam has his future cut out.Moments before Mulayam announced his full-time focus on national politics, SP's West Bengal general secretary Kironmoy Nanda went to his house. The visit was unexpected and unannounced.Party sources said Mulayam's foray into national politics will begin with revamping the party's Bengal unit and strike a rapport with CM Mamta Banerjee. Nanda was a minister in Bengal's Left government during Jyoti Basu and Buddhadeb Bhattacharya's tenure. The SP hopes for a positive reply from Mamata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12214726", "title": "The then and now of policing the city", "text": "A complex division of jurisdiction made policing a difficult task in the erstwhile Hyderabad state. The core city areas were under the city police headed by the Kotwal (Commissioner) who reported directly to the Nizam himself. The district police, often under the command of a European officer reporting to the minister in charge of law and order, was responsible for all other parts of the state including contiguous areas of the city. Finally Secunderabad, administered directly by the British, had its own force with an entirely different set of work ethics and procedures. Understandably, there was constant friction between officers of the three units with even minor infringements of jurisdiction resulting in acrimonious disputes between the organizations. Wily criminals capitalized on this weakness by committing offences in one area and seeking refuge in the other with the state police often disadvantaged by its inability to apprehend crooks holed up in the cantonment area.The city witnessed a spate of robberies over a period of about six months starting in September 1940 in which the burglar targeted prominent citizens, mostly high ranking government officials and a few prosperous businessmen. Things came to a head when the brigand succeeded in getting away with jewelry from the house of Mahmood Hydri, a railway officer and son of then Prime Minister Sir Akbar Hydri. A red faced Crofton, head of the district police, had to swallow his pride and admit that his force had no clue whatsoever with regard to this chain of offences. Eventually a task force was set up and the city police charged with the task of leading the investigations.The Khufia (secret wing of the city police), which had some of the most talented sleuths among its numbers, immediately honed in on the fact that all the 21 reported incidents of burglary which remained unsolved bore unmistakable signs of similarity. The geographical spread of nefarious activity covering a semicircular area starting at Sayeedabad and covering Malakpet, Nallakunta, Tarnaka, Begumpet, Somajiguda and ending at First Lancers along with the fact that none of the stolen goods had surfaced in the city bazaars indicated that the criminal was operating out of Secunderabad. This gave rise to a very tricky situation where jurisdiction of the cantonment police would inhibit free investigation and necessitate handing over charge and assuming a subservient role which the city police was unwilling to accept. The exceptional tact, ingenuity and dexterity with which the Khufia managed to apprehend the notorious criminal and lure the fence along with the loot into its own territory, before the pompous British even realized what was afoot, bears testimony to the adroitness for which the police administration of old Hyderabad was renowned.One would have thought that with the end of colonial administration things would have improved with jurisdictional hassles restricted to inter state movement of law enforcers. However, the problem persists, and has been aggrieved by recent developments which saw the creation of two separate police commissionerates for the city subsequent to the cleaving of Hyderabad following the IT boom which brought in its wake unprecedented prosperity and a corresponding escalation of crime. Catering to the demands of a 'computer crowd' which soon flocked to the city, a new administrative entity 'Cyberabad' was created for unhindered development of infrastructure in this chosen area. The division enabled administrators to be rid of the unwanted core city which could now be conveniently ignored as high end players demanded and got more than their just share of support facilities. Ostensibly, to tackle cyber crime a different genre of law enforcement mechanism was established with state of the art technology and a techno-savy work force and the utopian dream justified setting up of a separate commissionerate of police. Little did over zealous administrators realize that the policing patterns of the city would revert to what they had been during colonial times with professional rivalries and turf protection once again becoming the bane of good policing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12216419", "title": "The life &amp; times of the new \u2018netaji\u2019", "text": "Getting to know the man who took his party to a historic victory and can now change UP.FamilyAge38, DoB (July 1, 1973) Son of Mulayam Singh Yadav, whom he refers to as NetajiMarried to Dimple Yadav Father of three, Aditi (9) and twins Tina and Arjun (5) Progressive, computer-friendly face of the Smajwadi Party Last vacation | With family in JaipurEducation &amp; interestsStudied at Military school at Dholpur, Rajasthan (pic) Engineering grad from a Mysore college, higher education in Sydney As comfortable in a Nehru jacket, as he is checking emails on his iPad Rises at 6 and exercises till 7 am Loves Chinese food Football and fitness enthusiast. Broke his nose playing rightout at his Mysore engineering college Owns a bicycle worth over Rs 1 lakh Loves Bon Jovi, Bryan Adams , Guns N' Roses, Metallica Gave party a tech overhaul, brain behind whacky ad campaignsPolitical lifeCovered 8,000 km on his kranti rath Covered 250 km on bicycle Popular among his people as Akhilesh Bhaiyya and accessible In 2000, Akhilesh became MP for first time after winning the Kannauj bypoll. He retained the seat in 2004 In 2009, he contested and won from Kannauj and Firozabad. Later, he quit Firozabad in favour of wife Dimple, who lost to Raj Babbar in bypoll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12218948", "title": "No acting debut for Sourav yet", "text": "Ganguly says that he has not acquired the remake rights of Golconda High SchoolTollywood is at it again. Post numerous claims that actor Salman Khan is interested in remaking every Telugu blockbuster, T-town has now found another name to piggyback on. A few days ago, Tollyland went into a tizzy with reports that former Team India captain Sourav Ganguly will be making his filmi debut in the Bengali remake of the Telugu flick, Golconda High School.While the news was enough to make any movie or cricket buff sit up and take note, Sourav remained oblivious to the buzz. \"I have not watched the movie and no one has approached me with the offer to act in the film,\" Sourav told a friend, who confirmed the news to CT.Not just Dada, but many in the Bengali movie industry - also known as Tollywood - seem to be amused by the suggestion of Sourav acting and producing a flick. \"Dada has no idea about the movie and has not bought the rights to Golconda High School. Though he has done two television shows - Dadagiri and Key Hobe Banglar Kotipoti (the Bengali version of Kaun Banega Crorepati), he has no intention of acting in movies,\" confirms the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214778", "title": "13-yr-old boy kidnapped", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Class VII student, who left home on Friday evening for watching a movie, was allegedly kidnapped for ransom. The kidnappers reportedly demanded a ransom of Rs one lakh from the boy's parents, who stay at NGOs' Colony in Vanasthalipuram, on Friday night.The Cyberabad police said G Manikanta,13, a student of Vikas Public School in Vanasthalipuram, told his parents that he was going to watch the movie 'Ishq'. \"He left the house at around 6 pm on Friday but did not return. His parents approached the police and lodged a missing complaint. A few minutes after leaving the police station, Manikanta's father Ramesh got a ransom call on his mobile from an unidentified person demanding Rs one lakh,\" Vanasthalipuram inspector B Ravinder said.Police said the miscreants called up Ramesh at 9 pm asking him to come down to the Secunderabad railway station and deliver Rs one lakh cash. \"The second call was made at 11 pm. The miscreants used different coin-box public telephones to contact Ramesh,\" police said.A case was registered under section 364 (Kidnap) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12220963", "title": "Railways in talks with French firm to modernize infrastructure", "text": "PATNA: Railways, which has decided to modernize its infrastructure at a cost of Rs 14 lakh crore in the next 10 years, is considering the use of French technology for the purpose. Discussions with a French firm, SNCF, is progressing in this regard.According to a Railway Board official, railways has already reached an agreement with this firm for development of fire simulation software for coaches, study of high-speed corridor project and redevelopment plan of Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminal in Mumbai.Railways has initiated talks with SNCF for its assistance in safety, modernization and high-speed railways, he said, adding the talks assume significance as railways plans to undertake massive upgradation of its network across the country.The official said that the French ambassador and other senior officials had recently held a meeting with the Board officials in New Delhi to discuss the future projects of Indian Railways and implementation of railway modernization plan on a priority basis.According to sources, in addition to modernization plan, railways intends to carry out various railway projects with the help of SNCF, which include upgradation of stations, and PPP business model for implementing big infrastructure projects, sources said, adding Indian Railways and France share a long history of friendship in the field of railway transport.A Board official said if railways is modernized across the country, there is every possibility of increase in the national GDP growth rate. \"The country wants to see the Indian Railways as completely modern like European railway services. Besides, there is an urgent need to frame a national policy for railways which could help railways achieve all-round development,\" he said.Emphasizing the need to introduce e-tendering and e-auctioning as part of railway modernization plan, the official said that files' movement should also be less cumbersome to expedite clearance to new projects and execution of proposed modernization of the railways.According to sources, railways is also seriously mulling to have nine members in the Railway Board. At present, it has only seven members. Railways intends to have a member (revenue) and member (safety).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12215685", "title": "Women\u2019s safety: Cops release handbook", "text": "NOIDA: In a bid to ensure women's safety, Gautam Budh Nagar police launched a booklet designed specially for the needs of women.The booklet, which highlights safety measures for women, including martial art techniques and details of various laws formulated by the government, is available in both Hindi and English. \"The booklet has been designed with the aim of providing valuable information to women in the district.The information itself will not be enough to empower them, but it is an important step in the right direction,\" said Avadesh Kumar Vijeta, SSP traffic, Gautam Budh Nagar police.Noida-based NGO SADRAG launched the booklet along with the district police. Activists associated with the NGO said the booklet intends to create a platform through which women can pressure the police into taking action. \"We have encountered a number of cases where police officials have shown apathy towards women who have been victimized. This booklet is like a passport for women to challenge such inaction,\" said Dr Mala Bhandari, SADRAG.The booklet contains essential information on various laws regarding domestic violence, basic education, economic abuse, eve-teasing, rape, consent for marriage, dowry, pregnancy, workplace etc. It also mentions what a woman can do in case she encounters sexual harassment at the workplace and highlights instructions on filing an FIR. \"The booklet is a tool that will bridge the gap between women and police personnel. A sense of fear stops victimized women from seeking justice,\" said Savita Singh, director, School of Gender Studies, IGNOU.The booklet will be distributed at various community centres, workplaces and police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12218576", "title": "Awards are not my motivation for acting: Girish Kulkarni", "text": "While the whole world and its favourite lecher know Vidya Balan deliciously dirty deeds in The Dirty Picture won her the National award for best actress, the response to Marathi actor Girish Kulkarni winning the National award for Best Actor had drawn a blank in many Bollywood circles.\"Yeh Girish kaun hai,Atul Kulkarni ka bhai?\" a prominent Bollywood director wonders.When I share the anecdote with the shy softspoken Girish Kulkarni he laughs, \"I'm not surprised that I am not well known. Ek to main Pune main rehta hoon . My friend and creative partner Umesh Kulkarni helm a production house here in Pune.We're happy so far to be making our Marathi films away from Mumbai.\"Life and priorities changed for Girish on Wednesday when the National award for Best Actor was announced for his performance in Deool . \"It came as a complete surprise.My home is swamped wth relatives and friends. My sisters have come to visit Pune just to be with me after hearing of the National award. My daughter Sharavi has been attending all the calls while I've been meeting guests. It's a completely new feeling for me. So far I've never even thought of a National award. I've acted in only four films , all in Marathi- Vihir, Ghabricha Paus, Gandh and Deool . I am happy doing Marathi cinema. But now I know I've to expand my horizons.\"Girish feels Marathi and other regional cinema was until recently subservient in the public domain to Hindi films. \"I do feel a lot of quality cinema emerges away from Bollywood, from Bengal and Kerala, for example.For Marathi cinema I think the game-changer was Sandeep Sawant's Shwaas in 2004. That's when the rules regarding the low production values associated with Marathi cinema changed. Earlier our films suffered due to lack of funds. Producers saw Marathi films as a make-a-quick-buck business venture. Now we see a genuine love for Marathi cinema.There's a lot of recognition for non-Bollywood cinema at international film festivals. That helps.We've lately had Marathi films on every subject ranging from farmers' suicide to Dada Phalke. It's an exciting time to be a part of Marathi cinema.\"Girish admits he had a tough time completing and releasing Deool . \"We had to make the film under severe financial hardships. Luckily for us Deool was appreciated. And so was my performance. But I never thought of the National award. Awards are not my motivation for acting.Whether it's the stage where I've been active for years or cinema, my output has been limited. I only do the work that I am convinced about.\"Hindi cinema beckons the former mechanical engineer with both arms. \"Anurag Kashyap who is a dear friend has been waiting with open arms.I've been a little hesitant. But I think the time has come to do a Hindi film, if for no other reason then to move into another linguistic zone.I am a qualified engineer. For many years I worked as an engineer and moonlighted as an actor. Then I finally did what my heart told me. I became a full-fledged actor.\"Girish's first Marathi film Vihir was produced by the Big B's AB Corp Ltd. \"It was such a pleasure working with Amitji. He even did a promotional video for Vihir . Sadly the producers after AB Corp were just not that receptive to good cinema. But as I said, the status quo is changing.\"Girish Kulkarni is now getting ready to release two of his starrers. \"And that's really a lot of films for me, considering I did four films in five years. Now two of my films Masala and Pune 52 are being readied for release.\"Incidentally Girish's daughter Sharavi has acted in 3 of his films. \"She was in Vihir, Valu and in Deool .I suppose a love for cinema runs in the family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12216637", "title": "Obama picks 2 PIOs for key administrative posts", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama has announced the appointment of two Indian Americans - Paula Gangopadhyay and Sonny Ramaswamy - to key posts in the administration.While Gangopadhyay has been nominated a member of the prestigious National Museum and Library Services Board, Ramaswamy has been appointed director, National Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) in the US Department of Agriculture, the White House said, as it announced about half a dozen new nominations.\"These dedicated individuals bring a wealth of experience and talent to their new roles and I am proud to have them serve in this administration ,\" Obama said. Gangopadhyay is currently the chief learning officer at the HenryFord and responsible for leadership , strategy, and education , while Ramaswamy is the dean of the College of Agricultural Sciences at Oregon State University and director of the Oregon Agricultural Experiment Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214756", "title": "Sanghi Polyesters employees protest, demand arrears", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension prevailed at Sanghi Nagar in Hayatnagar on Saturday as employees of Sanghi Polyesters staged a dharna demanding their arrears on a day when representatives of Allahabad Bank and 12 other banks came to take possession of the factory as the management failed to clear Rs 900 crore loan.The Hayatnagar police said force was deployed on the factory premises expecting trouble.\"Nearly 280 employees were not paid salary for 12 months, and so they protested by trying to stall the attachment exercise fearing that they might never get their salaries back,\" Hayatnagar sub-inspector K Murali Mohan said.Police said that protection was given following a request from bank officials. Sanghi Polyesters, which is spread over an area of 87 acres, is run by the Sanghi family with Sudhir Sanghi as its managing director.Bank officials sealed the gates and took possession of the factory.\"The company was shut in 2009 because of internal disputes in the Sanghi family. The management has to pay nearly Rs 18 crore dues to the employees,\" Hayathnagar inspector G Srinivas Kumar said.Police said the banks approached court, which gave a direction to take possession of the factory under police protection. The employees had earlier approached the Labour Court as the management failed to pay their salaries. The nearly 200 protesting employees were taken into custody and later let off by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12215441", "title": "Eight shops gutted at Palayam market", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a major fire, eight shops were gutted at Palayam market in Kozhikode on Saturday morning, destroying property worth around Rs 75 lakh.According to eyewitness account, the fire broke out around 7am. Local residents alleged that the fire tenders which rushed to the spot to douse the blaze had no water in it. Irked over this, local people tried to manhandle district collector P B Salim who had come to the spot. Cops rescued him and took him back in his car.However, the fire and rescue service department dismissed the charge. \"Mobile tanks are always ready to face emergency situation and we reached the spot in two minutes,\" said an official said.The fire was doused around 10am. KSEB officials who visited the spot have ruled out electric short circuit as the cause for fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12224082", "title": "Police arrest killers, find Mojibur's body", "text": "GUWAHATI: After a ten-day search, the city police have finally found the remaining parts of Mojibur Rahman's body, whose severed head was found on March 2 at the foothills of Nilachal Hills. The city police arrested two of Mojibur's killers on Saturday night from Goreshwar area in Kamrup district. The police, guided by the criminals, reached Lokhra Hills and found Mojibur's decomposed body on Sunday morning.The killers were identified as Simon Bodo of Goreshwar and Bineshwar Deuri of Gohpur in Sonitpur district. However, they have not been able to trace Hakkumuddin Ahmend, another accused in the case.City police said the murder was a result of infighting among the members of an illegal bone smuggling racket. \"Mojibur was involved in a bone smuggling racket with the three accused. They were selling a special bone called 'Wildman's bone'. They fixed a deal of Rs 1.5 crore with a Khasi party of Meghalaya and were supposed to hand over the bone to the party on March 1. But due to a fight amongst themselves, Bineshwar and Simon beheaded Mojibur and dropped his head near the temple to mislead us,\" said SP Apurba Jibon Baruah in a press meet.Police said various tribal communities in Meghalaya worship the 'wildman's bone' as they believe that the bone can cure many disease. The smugglers were selling some fake bone in the name of wildman's bone. Police said the Khasi buyers had been identified and Meghalaya police was in search of them.\"We have sent the body for DNA test. The DNA of the body will be matched with the samples of the head in the forsensic laboratory,\" added Baruah.However, when asked about the killings in the city in the recent past, the city police said, \"We are concerned about the hike in criminal activities but we can't solve all the cases at one time. We have leads in all the cases and our team is working on them,\" said the SP. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12216684", "title": "Now, a pill to soften racial bias", "text": "LONDON: A drug used to treat heart disease can affect a person's subconscious attitudes towards race, a new study has claimed.In the study, at the Oxford University, published in Psychopharmacology , researchers gave 18 people drug propranolol and 18 people a placebo and found that the propranolol group scored significantly lower on the Implicit Attitude Test into subconscious racial bias, a standard test for testing subconscious racial attitudes.Propranolol is a betablocker used to treat heart disease that blocks activation in the peripheral 'autonomic' nervous system and in the area of the brain implicated in fear or emotional responses . Researchers believe propranolol reduced implicit racial bias because such bias is based on automatic, nonconscious fear responses, which propranolol blocks.Sylvia Terbeck, lead author and experimental psychologist at Oxford University , said, \"Our results offer new evidence about the processes in the brain that shape implicit racial bias. Implicit racial bias can occur even in people with a sincere belief in equality,\" she said.Julian Savulescu of Oxford University's Faculty of Philosophy, a co-author , said: \"Such research raises the tantalizing possibility that our unconscious racial attitudes could be modulated using drugs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12214953", "title": "New expressway may link Mysore and Bangalore", "text": "MYSORE: You may get another road to travel between Bangalore and Mysore. The state government proposes to build a six-lane expressway between the two cities. The proposed road is an extension of the six-lane state highway under construction between Bangalore and Malavalli in Mandya district.The expressway will be 140 km long, the same length as the existing state highway. The Bangalore-Mysore Infrastructure Corridor, being built by NICE , has lost its way in controversies.Mysore's minister-in-charge S A Ramdas on Saturday revealed the plan for the expressway when faced with complaints from industrialists and hoteliers here about poor connectivity to Bangalore and the delay over BMIC.Ramdas told STOI: \"The Bangalore-Malavalli six-lane expressway project has been approved and work has started at Kanakapura. We are planning to extend the expressway from Malavalli to Mysore. I will place the proposal before the cabinet.''Participating in pre-budget talks, the industrialists and hoteliers complained about the delay in the broad-gauge doubling project and the cancellation of flights between the two cities.Ramdas replied: \"I know the problems related to connectivity. If the BMIC was through, it would have catered to your demand. We are now pursuing a project to build a six-lane expressway between the two cities. It is being processed at both state and central levels, and approval is expected soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12216069", "title": "Power cut: Family court judges work by candlelight", "text": "CHENNAI: In what appeared to be a throwback to harsher times, judges at the family court complex on the Madras high court campus jotted down notes by candlelight on Saturday as a 9am to 5pm power shutdown left the complex in darkness. The judge from the second additional family court was on leave. A judicial order passed in 2007 prohibits the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board from imposing power cuts during court working hours.\"The high court registry issued a notification on Friday that there would be a power shutdown. While various copies of it were posted all over the complex, it was also mentioned on the cause-list outside the court. Judges had candles by their side to help them see papers properly and pass orders. Advocates were sweating it out, waiting for their case to come up as it was quite stuffy inside,\" R Ramachandran, a lawyer, said.When a similar incident occurred at the Madras high court in July 2011, advocate general A Navaneethakrishnan had given an undertaking before Chief Justice M Y Eqbal that it would not happen again. At the time, he said the power cut occurred due to a grid failure in north Chennai.\"Litigants at the family court are often accompanied by aged parents or guardians whose health may be poor. They are put to great difficulty if they have to stay in a crowded court complex with no fans on,\" said Tamil Nadu Advocates' Association vice-president M Anthony Selvaraj.Others felt the registry could have either informed the TNEB of the judicial order and prevented the power cut or declared a holiday for the family court. \"How can counselling go on peacefully if people are shut in a small space with no power all day? If a holiday had been declared due to such conditions, it would not have affected anyone,\" said Madras High Court Advocates' Association treasurer R Sudha.TNEB sources said that, perhaps, area officials were not aware that family courts were working on Saturday and Sunday. \"If exemptions are going to be given to the high court, schools and so on, where are we going to get the power to supply to them continuously?\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12224560", "title": "Prosecution ordered against land officers for fraud", "text": "DHANBAD: Deputy commissioner of Dhanbad S K Barnwal has ordered action against the circle officers, circle inspectors and the revenue inspectors of Baliyapur and Govindpur blocks for their alleged involvement in fraudulent transfer of government land to six persons.He has also asked the district panchayat officers to prosecute them for their criminal conspiracy in land grabbing. Earlier, the DC conducted an inquiry into the records of the disputed plots and found that about 10 acres of forest land was transferred to some people between 1975 and 1982 illegally. He has ordered that the land be freed from the land grabbers. \"Ballabhdas Agarwal and Omprakash Agarwal had grabbed about seven acres of land at Bhailatand in Govindpur block in connivance with the revenue inspector of the area. The revenue inspector settled 2.30 acres of land in the name of Ballabhdas Agarwal and another five acres of land in the name of Ramgopal Agarwal without approval of the competent authority,\" an official said. It has been confirmed that the revenue inspector was involved in criminal conspiracy, the DC observed and ordered that the land should be freed from the Agarwals. In another order, the DC said 1.36 acres of forest land in Belguriya village was settled in the name of Sidhnath Pathak on November 25, 1982. The circle officer, circle inspector and the revenue inspector hatched a conspiracy to help Pathak grab the forest land and even collected revenue for two years. \"These officers should be prosecuted,\" Barnwal directed the district panchayat officer. tnnThe DC found Mahendra Kumar, a partner in Technica Industry, had grabbed 0.66 acre of forest land which could not be converted into a residential plot. The circle inspector, circle officer and the revenue inspector of the area were involved in the conspiracy and they allowed Kumar to grab the forest land. They made false entries in the government records too.\"Even now, the area is recognized as forest,\" the DC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12215034", "title": "Woman dies, cops probe dowry angle", "text": "NEW DELHI: The death of a 23-year-old woman in the Shastri Park, northeast Delhi has triggered rumours of her being murdered by her in-laws. Police officials had got an anonymous call informing them about the incident. They recovered the body and sent it for autopsy. A case has been registered at the Seelampur police station and an SDM inquiry ordered into the case.According to they police, an SDM inquiry has been ordered after they received inputsregarding the deceased being harassed over dowry and mentally tortured for not giving birth to a boy.On Saturday morning, the deceased Ruksana was found hanging in her room under mysterious conditions, police said. \"The woman, a native of Tihar Road, had married two years ago. Her husband Sameer would reportedly ill-treated her and she had even lodge a case against him at the crime against women cell of Delhi police. The husband and in-laws have been asked not to leave their house and they will be questioned further,'' said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12214713", "title": "Mercury to rise from next week", "text": "NEW DELHI: For Delhiites who were expecting summer to settle in after Holi, the weather had a surprise in store. In the past four days, the maximum temperature has fallen seven degrees to settle at 26.2 degrees Celsius - two degrees below normal - on Saturday.The minimum temperature in the capital came down from 17.8 degrees Celsius on March 6 to 9.7 degrees Celsius on Saturday, four degrees below normal.The relief from the heat is only short-lived, say Met officials, as a western disturbance that will start affecting the western Himalayan region from Sunday is likely to increase temperatures again. \"The heat that was experienced earlier this week was due to a strong western disturbance over the Himalayan region. During a western disturbance, the wind direction changes from north to south/southeast. These winds are moist and warm. In case a disturbance does not bring rain over the region, which is what happened last time, temperatures tend to rise. Once the disturbance moved away, wind direction also changed. Over the past few days, northwest India has been getting colder northerly winds from the snow-capped hills. This brought the temperature down,\" said a Met official.With a fresh disturbance promising to impact the hills from Sunday, temperatures over northwest, central and adjoining east India are likely to go up by 3-4 degrees from Monday. \"The disturbance will bring rain and snowfall to some parts of Jammu and Kashmir for the next 24 hours after which more areas will experience snow. Parts of Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand will also receive rain and snow for 48 hours and then an increase in snowfall activity. Meanwhile, temperatures over the plains will go up slightly,\" said an official.On Saturday, the maximum in Delhi ranged from 27 degrees at the northern Ridge to 24.1 degrees over Pusa. The minimum ranged from 13.1 degrees over Najafgarh to 7.3 degrees at Narela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12214749", "title": "CM promises kids to protect forests, wildlife", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has assured children from various schools in the state that his government would give top priority to the protection of forests and wildlife to ensure a bright future for the state.Parrikar was speaking at a childrens rally 'Kids for tigers' organised by Sanctuary Asia and Aircel in the city on Saturday. \"I am aware of the importance of environment and there is need to undertake developmental activities by protecting ecology and environment,\" he said.The chief minister also informed the children that while carving out safe and secure natural habitats for wildlife, his government would take steps to protect the rights and livelihood of the forest dwelling communities.When children of Mary Immaculate girls high school, Panaji , drew Parrikar's attention to the irritating smell of garbage in the area, the CM assured them that the problem would be solved within one month by initiating the 'Neat and clean city' drive.The rally began at Darya Sangam, Kala Academy and culminated at the Azad Maidan. The rallyists marched along D B Marg holding placards calling for the protection of the tiger and also forests and rivers. 'Kids for tigers' Goa co-ordinator Arnold Noronha briefed the children about the vital connection between the survival of the tiger and the ecological security of the Indian subcontinent. Shardul Bajikar of Sanctuary Asia, and Tallulah D'silva were present.Through 'edutainment' workshops, tiger fests, nature walks, film shows and tiger information kits, the 'Kids for tigers' created awareness in various schools about India's biodiversity and sensitized them to the fact that saving tigers and forests will ensure water supply and help save the human race. Tallulah D'silva said, \"The tiger will only be saved if its forests are saved. By saving these forests, India protects over 600 of its purest rivers and in the process the forests sequester and store carbon in the most effective way possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12215080", "title": "Private firms to train Tihar prisoners", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the last one year, 334 Tihar inmates have found employment through placement camps happening in the prison. Now, companies have offered to train inmates for future jobs in their organizations. Five corporate houses have contacted Tihar houses to start training programmes in the jail.\"After the Holi colours were sold in Delhi, several corporates approached us. They were amazed by the potential of the inmates and have expressed their interest in supporting this cause further. They want to train the inmates in housekeeping, hospitality, accounts etc. Five companies have already offered to train the inmates and we will work along with them to organize training sessions,\" said Swami Vishalanand, spokesperson for NGO Divyajyoti, which works with Tihar inmates for their rehabilitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214746", "title": "Power crisis deepens in state", "text": "HYDERABAD: Barely two days after the power utilities announced load-shedding in Greater Hyderabad and elsewhere in the state ranging from two to five hours a day, the power crisis took a turn for the worse on Saturday with the authorities deciding not to release any more water from the Srisailam and Nagarjunsagar reservoirs for hydel generation units. This is because the water level has fallen to the bare minimum mark.The Friday night decision of the government will greatly aggravate the power and drinking water crisis and threatens an unprecedented hot and parched summer for the state residents in the coming three months as any relief can be expected only with the arrival of monsoon. Residents pointed out how authorities have been resorting to power cuts in excess of what was announced a few days ago. Situation is so grim that blackouts are taking place in the middle of the night.Of the total power generation in the state, hydel accounts for 30 per cent. As of Saturday, the total quantity of water available in the major reservoirs is only 90 TMC (Thousand Million Cubic) feet. This is in contrast to 341 TMC at the same time last year. \"Until Saturday, hydel generation stood at 3,808 MW per day. With the authorities deciding not to draw any water from the reservoirs from Friday, at best hydel generation can only be to the tune of a negligible 300 MW. This is sure to aggravate the already acute power crisis,\" top level government sources told STOI.\"We used to receive inflows till the end of October and even in November. But this year the inflows stopped in September itself forcing us to stop hydel generation in Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar,\" AP Genco director (Hydel) Adi Seshu told STOI.In Hyderabad and its surrounding areas, the residents are already being subjected to two to three hours of power cuts everyday.\"In my area, the supply is snapped from 8 am to 9 am and again from 1 pm to 2 pm. Sometimes, there is a third hourly power cut towards the evening,\" said R Nageshwar Rao, a resident of East Marredpally. The situation is equally worse in areas like Banjara Hills, S R Nagar, Narayanaguda, Somajiguda, Abids as well as other parts of Secunderabad.On the city outskirts, the power cuts stretch to as much as six hours a day.\"In my area, there is no power from 6 am to 8 am, 2 pm to 4 pm and 7 pm to 9 pm everyday. Things would become even more unbearable as the summer progresses,\" said R Rakesh Reddy, a resident of Meerpet on the fringe of the city. Residents of other peripheral areas like Jilleguda echoed similar sentiments.The major power crisis is also threatening an unprecedented drinking water stress this summer.Already, the Water Board is getting over a 100 calls a day complaining of lack of water supply. The board officials said they were already facing a crisis due to lack of water in the reservoirs, and that the power cuts are only adding to the crisis. The officials apprehend that they may have to reduce the supply to once in four or five days by April-May this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12219919", "title": "Hooda likely to take Ordinance route for Jat agitation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda is all set take an Ordinance route to end the Jat agitation by All India Jat Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti (AIJASS). The meeting will be held today to work out the solution for the jat reservation.Despite assurances from the state government, the agitating jats sitting on rail tracks refused to cremate the body of 18-year-old Sandeep Kumar, who allegedly fell prey to police firing last Tuesday.Besides the fear of losing the Jat vote bank to Indian National Lok Dal (INLD), the pressure mounted on Hooda government to end the stir due to interruption in essential supplies, especially coal, food commodities.Haryana chief parliamentary secretary (CPS) Dharamveer Singh had also met Khap leaders to convince them to come for talks with the chief minister at Chandigarh on Sunday.\"As far as withdrawal of stir or cremation of Sandeep's body is concerned, let leaders arrested by the police be released. They are the only ones who will decide the further course of action,'' Vijender Singh and Suresh Koth, the two of the 5-member committee spearheading the agitation after arrest of AIJASS office bearers.The Jat community has been holding protests for the last few weeks demanding reservation in government jobs and educational institutions under the Other Backward Class (OBC) category. Members of the Jat community had blocked several roads for almost three weeks.A Mayyar resident, Sandeep, 18, was killed on Tuesday when Haryana police attempted to remove protesting Jats from the railway track near Ramayan and Mayyar villages in Hisar.Jat leader Suresh Koth said on Wednesday that they would put the body of the victim on the railway track till the government took action on their demands. Nearly 30 protesters were injured in the police action on Tuesday. Of these, 10 were seriously injured and admitted to hospitals in Hisar and in Rohtak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209247", "title": "Mallika Sherawat supports NOH8", "text": "Mallika Sherawat joins the ranks of Hollywood celebs Kim Kardashian , Amber Rose , Cher , Jared Leto and others who posed in support of the NOH8 campaign.On November 4, 2008 Proposition 8 passed in California , amending the state Constitution to ban same-sex marriage. The NOH8 Campaign is a photographic silent protest created by celebrity photographer Adam Bouska and partner Jeff Parshley. Sherawat shot for the picture in LA as she believes in equal rights to marriage for everyone irrespective of their sexual preferences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12215307", "title": "No nephrologist in government hospitals", "text": "KANPUR: The world kidney day (WKD) went unnoticed in the city on Saturday. Ironically, there is no nephrologist in district hospital.\"Specialized treatment is still a distant dream for the poor, who are deprived of transplantation facility and dialysis. However, the health department had set up a highly advanced dialysis unit in both the LLR and UHM hospitals but the authorities have forgot to provide nephrologist,\" said an official of UHM Hospital.There are four dialysis machines at LLR Hospital. Two are in working state and two defunct. A new dialysis unit introduced at UHM has six dialysis machines. But due to lack of experts to handle the units, all the machines are lying in neglected.Observed every year on March 10, the main aim of World Kidney Day (WKD) is to underline the importance of screening for those at high risk of kidney diseases. Doctors say, the chronic kidney diseases (CKD) are 'silent killers' and fatal undiagnosed for longer period. CKD can even affect the functioning of heart.The city is witnessing a huge surge in the number of kidney patients. According to the experts, the reason for this is the growing population of diabetics. Over 76% of people get kidney problems from diabetes or hypertension. A majority of diabetics and patients of hypertension end up with kidney failure, leading to a need for transplantation. The most high-risk patients are diabetics, smokers, obese persons with a sedentary lifestyle.\"We are seeing a huge rise in the number of kidney patients. It's mainly because of the number of diabetics. Genetic factors play a role but lifestyle is also a key component. For those in the high-risk group we suggest they take blood and urine test for kidney diseases regularly. They have to keep a check on blood pressure and sugar levels,\" said Dr Nirbhay Kumar, a nephrologist.\"Many young patients are being diagnosed with kidney problems these days. This is because conditions like hypertension and high blood sugar have started affecting the younger lot also. Lifestyle and food habits have changed drastically which has led to this state. Nearly 26% of the patients suffer kidney failure due to hypertension. We have seen it in patients in twenties and thirties,\" said a doctor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12216706", "title": "Newly-wed shot dead in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a gruesome incident of honour killing, a newly married couple and their acquaintence were brutally killed by girl's family members on Friday night. The incident was reported from village Mauli Kala under Khiri police station. The three went to the girl's family on Holi.The deceased were identified as Parmanand Shukla( 30), resident of Pawari village under Khiri police station , wife Pratima Chaubey(24) and Afsar Tiwari, resident, Nari Bari under Shankargarh block. Pratima and Parmanand eloped and had a love marriage a fortnight back.According to the villagers, the three were shot dead by Pratima's familyon Friday night and their bodies were thrown in the nearby fields.The matter came to light on Saturday morning when locals found their bodies lying in a pool of blood after which they informed the local police which arrived the spot and took their bodies in its custody.The station officer, Khiri police station said that Pramanand, a local history sheeter used to frequently visit Pratima's father Vipin Chandra Chaubey's house, a resident of village Mauli Kala under Khiri police station for the last two years.Both Parmanand and Pratima came closer. A fortnight back, Shukla eloped with Pratima and got married secretly in Mumbai. Pratima's family was upset over the incident and decided to teach them a lesson and extended an invitation to the couple to visit them during Holi.Perhaps unaware about the designs of their family members the couple came to the girl's house two days back alongwith their acquaintence on his four wheeler.Pratima's family who were waiting for this oppurtunity shot the three with her father's licenced rifle on Friday night and dumped their bodies in nearby fields.A case has been registered against the girl's father and brothers by Shukla's father at Khiri police station and the police have launched a manhunt to arrest them. However the incident has sent shock waves in the district given the fact that the killings have been executed in most gruesome form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12216686", "title": "Tremor mock drill planned in north-eastern states", "text": "ALLAHABAD: After conducting a mock drill in Delhi to make people aware about rescue action in case of earthquake tremors, the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) is planning to conduct a similar drill in the north-eastern states.NDMA member Prog Harsh Gupta told TOI: Though the mock drill carried out in Delhi lagged behind in various aspects and things were not carried out as should be in case of natural calamity as tremor, but it did make people aware of the seriousness that everyone has to take in times of natural disasters. \"We cannot predict earthquakes but one thing that is in our hand is to minimize the after effects and causalities that follow a big tremor.\" Prof Gupta is an alumni of Allahabad University and was in the city recently to participate in a function of UPRTOU.On December 23 last, the Government of India enacted the Disaster Management Act which envisages the creation of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), headed by the Prime Minister and State Disaster Management Authorities (SDMAs) headed by respective chief ministers to spearhead and implement a holistic and integrated approach to disaster management in India.Prof Gupta added that since all the states of the north-east can be hit by a major earthquake, the mock drill, like the one which was carried out at Delhi is the need of the hour. \"The proposed mock exercise would be conducted somewhere in April and May and would involve not only the populace of various cities of the entire region but also the administration, right from the chief ministers to the local panchayat level as everyone has to be made aware of the steps that should be taken after a tremor has occurred, be it for the survival of the individual or the functioning of the government machinery in handling post tremor crises,\" he said.He said though predicting earthquake has never been possible for the scientists across the globe and nature has time and again showed its immense power in form of tremors, but Indian scientists have embarked on an ambitious project which would understand the seismic signature beneath the earth by drilling a 8km deep drill at Koyna. National Geophysical Research Institute (NGRI) in Hyderabad will launch a $75-million, 30-month project to drill an 8km deep borehole in Koyna, a region in western India that experiences frequent small-to moderately-sized earthquakes.The borehole will be laced with sensors that measure chemical, electrical and gravitational perturbations. \"The Koyna site is ideal since a copious swarm of earthquakes, both induced and natural, occur all the time,\" says Prof Gupta, the team's leader. The project, to be done in collaboration with the International Continental Scientific Drilling Program will be the fourth such earthquake observatory. Similar boreholes have been drilled on the Kola Peninsula in Russia; in Bavaria, Germany; and on the San Andreas Fault in California. The earlier efforts all have taken place at the boundaries of tectonic plates; the Indian site will be the first intraplate borehole designed to look for earthquake precursors. Koyna is also unique because the borehole will be near a large dam, where the rise and fall of reservoir water levels frequently induces earthquakes.This project would give us a deep understanding of the behavior of the earth's interior just before the occurrence of the tremor and after it has occurred which would eventually make us more knowledgeable in terms of predicting the devastated tremors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12214268", "title": "Obesity to cancer, just follow the st@r chatter", "text": "MUMBAI: No cricket-crazy Indian must have missed all-rounder Yuvraj Singh's post-chemotherapy picture splashed across newspapers or his victory Tweet about his cancer \"almost way out of the system\". And, in between Yuvraj's almost daily updates, Amitabh Bachchan last month ensured every Indian had access to his ill-health update as he tweeted from hospital.Clearly, the last couple of months have seen the evolution of the Indian celebrity when it comes to being honest about diseases. It is no longer a taboo or weakness to talk about ill-health, whether it be cancer, chronic pain or surgery.A few weeks ago, actor Sonam Kapoor , now willowy and brand ambassador for an MNC cosmetic company, walked down memory lane to talk about her battle with the bulge. \"I didn't feel awkward speaking about it on a public platform. It's about time we started speaking and becoming comfortable about our imperfections,'' she told TOI. Hrithik Roshan chose a non-filmi magazine to talk about living with chronic back pain. Bipasha Basu recently revealed her CDs on exercises were inspired by her battle with osteoarthiritis. Acknowledging her knees had in 2005 seemed to belong to a 65-year-old, Basu said, \"Celebrities can play a role in helping people combat their health issues.\"The trickle-down effect is apparent, say doctors. Celebrities are slowly increasing awareness about health.Celebrities talking about their health condition are slowly but surely increasing awareness about health problems. Health education has got celebrity leverage , it seems.Actor Aamir Khan , who is an ambassador for the Mumbai civic corporation's suicide prevention programme, believes that celebrities have a definite role in public service messaging. \"They can use their popularity to create awareness about a problem that society is facing collectively, and can help in communicating the solutions,'' he said.Frankly, who would have bothered to read about trigeminal neuralgia if not for actor Salman Khan's pain and surgery? After the actor's airdash to the US for neurosurgery, most literate and film-crazy Indians knew that he suffered from a painful condition affecting the trigeminal nerve that carries sensation from the face to the brain. Indo-Canadian model Lisa Ray emerged as the poster girl of cancer survival after her regular blog on fighting multiple myeloma, a form of blood cancer.Of course, celebrity endorsements are not new. What is new is the personal touch. Two decades back, actor Shabana Azmi appeared in a public education advertisement on what was then the biggest stigma of them all - HIVAIDS. The change now is that personalities are talking about their own diseases/disorders. It started in the West when the likes of 'Superman' Christopher Reeve and Back to Future actor Michael J Fox spoke about their conditions - spinal disability and Parkinson's Disease respectively- to generate funds for medical research.While such celebrity activism still appears distant in India, a start has nevertheless been made, feel doctors. Said psychiatrist Harish Shetty, \"Celebrities are seen as omnipotent characters.When they share their health problems, it sends across a message that being vulnerable is not a sign of weakness\".'Talking out' can also be a part of the celeb's brand-building exercise to connect with their fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12223902", "title": "GNLA terror continues in Garo hills", "text": "SHILLONG: Garo National Liberation Council (GNLA) militants are relentlessly unleashing terror in parts of Garo Hills by throwing grenades and shooting people.While a grenade was hurled at a petrol pump at Chokpot in South Garo Hills on Saturday morning, a villager was shot dead by militants of the outfit the same night.In the first incident, a group of armed GNLA militants lobbed a grenade at a petrol pump at Chokpot, but it did not explode. No one was injured in the incident. According to police, the militants also fired in the air before escaping.Police suspect that the militants targeted the petrol pump since its owner failed to cough up extortion money. In the past, the GNLA had served demand notes on several petrol pumps in parts of Garo Hills. In the second incident, suspected GNLA cadres shot dead a villager, identified as Randith Marak, 38, after taking him out of his house at Boro Gokul in East Garo Hills.On the other hand, BSF jawans nabbed a Muslim United Liberation Tigers of Assam (Multa) militant in West Garo Hills of Meghalaya on Saturday. \"Acting on specific inputs, BSF jawans of Purakhasia border outpost ( Ex-114 Battalion) apprehended a suspected Multa rebel, along with foreign currency and two mobile phones, while he was illegally trying to enter India from Bangladesh . The rebel has been identified as Idrish Ali of Maragaga village of Assam's Mangaldoi district,\" a BSF spokesperson said.According to intelligence sources, MULTA, which was founded in 1996, is reportedly one among the approximately 14 Islamist terrorist outfits operating in Assam. MULTA and the Muslim United Liberation Front of Assam (MULFA) are also said to be part of the All Muslim United Liberation Forum of Assam (AMULFA).BSF troops of Meghalaya frontier also seized 40 bottles of phensedyl cough syrup, betel leaves, 'biri' packets and liquor meant to be smuggled to Bangladesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12215842", "title": "Manmohan Singh undisputed number 1 even in absentia", "text": "NEW DELHI: In keeping with precedent where L K Advani , Charan Singh and Jagjivan Ram were never designated number 2, no charge designating any minister as \"acting PM\" has been issued whenever Prime Minister Manmohan Singh could not attend a Cabinet meeting.Information provided under the Right to Information, however, shows on nine occasions between January 27 and February 26, 2009, when the Cabinet met in Singh's absence Pranab Mukherjee presided over the meetings. He was then the external affairs minister.The RTI reply officially settles the no number 2 policy and states that during the PM's visits abroad in the 2004-11 period instructions were issued that the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) may be authorized to decide on issues of national urgency.\"The CCPA will be presided over by the senior most minister. No instructions were issued by the cabinet secretariat for any period other than the period of the PM's visits abroad for disposal of business,\" the RTI reply states.While the instructions enshrine a \"collective\" or a \"council of elders\" approach to decision-making, Mukherjee has no reason to feel unappreciated as he is clearly the de facto if not de jure number 2 in both UPA-I and II governments as is evident from details of Cabinet meetings held when the PM underwent cardiac surgery in January, 2009.Throughout UPA-I and II, there has been a deliberate ambiguity on formalizing the number 2 slot with the Congress leadership making it amply clear that Singh is the sole number 1 and there are no rankings after him. This is in keeping with 10, Janpath's view that the PM is the uncontested leader and no signal should go out that undermines his authority.When it came to functions like offering wreaths at the Amar Jawan Jyoti on the Republic Day when Singh was recovering from his surgical procedure, defence minister A K Antony was asked to stand in, a move seen to blur the number 2 line. Despite hiccups in party-government ties over issues ranging from Sharm-el Sheikh and food security, the Manmohan Singh-Sonia Gandhi equation has weathered all storms.Even recently, while speaking to the media after Congress's poor show in the Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Goa polls, Sonia Gandhi cut short a question on a change in leadership with a crisp \"this is out of the question\".As Congress's man for all seasons Mukherjee continues to be highly valued in the party where he is seen a repository of institutional memory. He is listed at number one in the list of those present at cabinet meetings held on January 27 and 28, 2009. Similarly he oversaw proceedings on February 4, 5, 11, 16, 23, 26 of 2009. This only serves to underline the finance minister's indispensability to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12215058", "title": "My sincerity is the winning mantra: Girish Kasaravalli", "text": "Girish Kasaravalli's name is synonymous with 'good' cinema. This veteran director has been winning awards for some time now. When he was felicitated with the Padma Shri last year, Kasaravalli was overjoyed with the civilian award. This year too, has begun on a golden note with his film Kurmavatara bagging the Rajat Kamal (Silver Lotus) for Best Kannada Film at the 59th National Awards. Excerpts.After Gulabi Talkies and Kanasemba Kudureyanei, this award for Kurmavatara isn't new to you. Yet, a new accolade doesn't fail to excite. What's your winning mantra? With every new award, I know the audience has appreciated my work. And the winning mantra is probably my sincerity.Why is Kurmavatara special? Kurmavatara talks about certain tensions in contemporary India. Written by Kum Veerabhadrappa, this film is a metaphor of what lifts a sinking world, just like in the Puranas. Lord Vishnu took the form of kurma, a tortoise, and lifted the world out of danger. A film never operates on one level, and this story attracted me intensely. I always look for stories that are able to entertain people privately and publicly. Kurmavatara had that quality. Basant Kumar Patil came forward to produce it and I gave it cinematic form.With each new film, do you make it a point to add diverse elements to your story? What I do with the story each time is the result of a long introspective discourse. It's an outcome of my reaction to what is happening in the world around me. After globalization, the ensuing tensions have led to erosion of values and new hopes. I have constantly been reiterating about what gives rise to such situations. In Kurmavatara, I saw a solution.Is there an increasing audience for non-commercial cinema in India? It is happening in other languages, not in Kannada yet. People are watching offbeat cinema in other languages.As a filmmaker, what impact do you intend for your work to have? A filmmaker never triggers the reach of a film. Once the producer sells it to the distributor, the outcome is sealed. In India, we don't have infrastructure which is conducive to market cinema. At my level, if people request a screening of Kurmavatara, I'd talk to the producer, but it would come at a cost because of budget constraints.Delicate topics and responsible filmmaking define your work. Comment. What you get to see in my films is what I relate to. My training at FTII, Pune, has helped me a lot. Without it, I wouldn't have been able to translate my thoughts into film, the way I do.Do you watch commercial cinema? If so, what are some of the newer films that have an impact? For me, there's no commercial or non-commercial cinema. Films are either good or bad. I haven't watched any Bollywood or Hollywood film. I have a special liking for Asian and European cinema. I've been watching new Tamil cinema - their idioms are changing and it's an interesting transition.Why aren't new filmmakers able to take good Kannada cinema forward? There are some young directors interested in making meaningful films. But there's a cash trap in the Kannada film industry. While Marathi filmmakers are able to get a budget of Rs 1 crore for a film and Malayalee filmmakers up to Rs 2 crore per film, filmmakers here are able to rustle up only Rs 20 lakh for a project. The major problem in Karnataka is the budget because of which filmmakers are forced to compromise and quality suffers.What makes for meaningful cinema? An introspective filmmaker contemplates on his subject, goes into deeper layers of the plot and understand the finer nuances of each layer. The emotional angle alone doesn't define a film. The plot is not everything in the film. One has to scope the film to understand the politics and cultural references that underlie it. My advice to this new breed of filmmakers aspiring to make good cinema, is to just keep at their good work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12224046", "title": "Swami Sanand hospitalized after deterioration in health", "text": "VARANASI: The scientist-turned-seer Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (earlier known as noted environmentalist Prof GD Agrawal) who stopped taking even water from Saturday, was admitted to SPG Divisional Hospital by the district administration on Sunday morning following deterioration in his health condition.However, even after this development, Swami Sanand continued his fast-unto-death stir which he is terming as 'tapasya'. Another seer Gangapremi Bhikshu sat on a hunger strike in his place at Kedar Ghat, where the agitation had been started under the banner of Ganga Sewa Abhiyanam (GSA) to save the Ganga.It is worth mentioning here that Swami Sanand had not been taking food from February 8 to March 8. On Friday (March 9), he left even water and lost some weight by Saturday. Initially to convince him to call off his stir, ADM (administration) RY Mishra and SP (City) MS Chauhan reached Kedar Ghat on Saturday morning. But, the seer remained rigid on his stand to continue with his stir. In the evening, district magistrate Ravindra and DIG Ram Kumar also made attempts to convince the seer to end his fast. Finally the officials returned from Kedar Ghat after leaving a team of health officials, including two doctors, with the seer.The same doctors noticed deterioration in Swami Sanand's health condition and recommended the district officials to hospitalise him. Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati, the coordinator of GSA and disciple of Shankaracharya of Jyotish and Dwarka Sharda Peeth Swami Swarupanand Saraswati, said: \"Swami Sanand could be treated properly at the agitation venue. But, the government doctors and district administration were determined to hospitalise him. As we did not want to create a scene, we allowed him to be taken to hospital. But, it was a fact that there was no sharp deterioration in the health condition of Swami Sanand as being claimed by the district officials. He went to the ambulance on his own feet.\"Superintendent-in-chief of SPG Hospital DB Singh said ketone bodies were detected in his urine due to which his hospitalisation was a must. He said his blood report was normal. Singh said Swami Sanand had been consuming drugs for blood pressure problem for a long time. He said Swami Sanand's ECG report made it clear that he had also a problem of left ventricular failure (LVF). He said the seer was being given intravenous drugs.Despite hospitalization, Swami Sanand not only continued with his tapasya but other activities like Sri Bhagwat Katha and Ramcharit Manas Katha recital also started at the hospital's emergency ward. On the other hand, the stir for saving the Ganga also continued at Kedar Ghat where a seer, Gangapremi Bhikshu, sat on a hunger strike in the place of Swami Sanand.Avimukteshwaranand said it was already announced that five persons had showed determination to continue the stir till the goal was achieved. Presently Gangapremi Bhikshu had been asked to continue the stir at the agitation venue, but he would not stop taking water.The seers are shocked to see the apathy of the Prime Minister in this episode as they claimed that an open letter had already been sent to the PM on January 3 to draw his attention to the main concerns. And, on Saturday, another letter was forwarded to the PM through local administration requesting immediate intervention. Avimukteshwaranand said a reply was still awaited from the PM office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12219106", "title": "Vimal scores with humour", "text": "One look at the list of films that Vimal's currently signed on to do, and it's clear that most of the filmmakers, apart from his acting skills, are also banking on his immaculate comic timing.Be it Pasanga, Marina, Vaagai Sooda Vaa or Ethan, the actor's sense of humour has always been well appreciated in them. In fact, Vimal will be seen in roles with humorous touches in Sundar C's Masala Cafe (which will be retitled soon), Amudhan's Rendavathu Padam and Vasanth's Moondru Per Moondru Kaadhal.What's more, we also hear that Sundar C was so impressed with Vimal's comic timing that he advised the actor to take up roles in which he can exploit his talents to full length. The buzz is, the two could soon be coming together for another film.The actor, who is shooting with Sundar in Gopichattipalayam, couldn't be reached for comment at the time of going to press.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12216838", "title": "Raut flayed for not inviting three MPs to DPDC meeting", "text": "YAVATMAL: Three members of parliament belonging to Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) criticised Yavatmal guardian minister Nitin Raut for directing collector Shravan Hardikar not to invite them for the District Planning Development Council meeting held on Tuesday last. The DPDC meeting was held under the chairmanship of Raut and all the ruling Democratic Front MLAs and ministers were invited to it.But Yavatmal-Washim MP Bhavana Gawali and Digras MLA Sanjay Rathod, both of Shiv Sena and Chandrapur MP Hansraj Ahir (BJP) were not invited.Addressing mediamen in a press conference Gawali said, \"The meeting is important as the development of the district and the progress of the various developmental works are reviewed in it and if needed additional funds allocation is being done. But, none of the peoples' representatives of the opposition parties were invited.\"Rathod, who too was present in the press conference, alleged that Raut had advised the collector not to invite them. \"It is a case of deliberate breach of privilege on the part of the minister and I will bring a breach of privilege motion against Raut in the House,\" Rathod said. \"Congress-led DF Govt is totally defunct and they are not interested in any developmental work,\" he said.Gawali demanded a high-level probe into the alleged misappropriation of the funds meant for the Gharkul scheme for the Muslims below poverty line residing in Bhosa village on the outskirts of the city.Ahir said that neither he nor the MP of Hingoli - Yavatmal Subhash Wankhede (Shiv Sena) were invited for the meeting.Bhavana Gawali wanted to know if the Govt has implemented the much talked about Rajiv 'Gandhi Gramin Vidhyudhikaran Yojana' of the Central Govt and said that the Govt had, at the time of announcing the scheme, assured the beneficiaries to get the scheme fully implemented by 2012 and added that even 50 per cent of the beneficiaries are yet to get the electric connection in their houses.While criticizing the ruling party legislators' competition between each other for taking the credit of the prestigious Water Supply Scheme of Lohara village for which the Chief Minister Pritviraj Chavan has personally flown in and laid the foundation stone six months ago, Bhavana Gawali said that the Govt has not even acquired a suitable piece of land for the scheme till date.\"I have demanded for setting up a sub centre of the Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University at Washim estimated to cost over Rs. 60 crore when I met the CM recently,\" she informed and added that it would be helpful to the people of Buldhana and Yavatmal besides Washim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12220916", "title": "Bruce Willis film to open Cannes film festival", "text": "The Cannes Film Festival begins by May 25 this year and the festival organizers have come out with the opening film.It will be none other than Moonrise Kingdom, the latest from Wes Anderson , the director of The Royal Tennenbaums and Fantastic Mr Fox .The multi-starrer has Bruce Willis , Bill Murray , Frances McDormand , Ed Norton, Jason Schwartzmann, Tilda Swinton and Harvey Keitel in key roles.Set on an island off the coast of New England in the 1960s, Moonrise Kingdom is about a young boy and girl, who fall in love and run away together. Various factions of the town mobilize to search for them and the town is turned upside down!Wes Anderson is known for his quirky, idiosyncratic films that have created a cult following for the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12224572", "title": "Farmers rejoice over govt's decision to lift ban on cotton export", "text": "RAJKOT: Cotton growing farmers and ginners in Saurashtra celebrated after Central government on Sunday said it has decided to lift the ban on cotton exports, which was imposed last week.Farmers and ginners had protested against the government's move which they had termed it as anti-farmers. The state government, too, had protested strongly against the decision as Gujarat happens to be a major cotton producing state. Gujarat is expected to produce nearly 1.10 crore bales of cotton this season.Ginners across Gujarat and in several others states had shut down operations on Saturday in protest against the government decision.\"We have decided to end our strike as the export ban has been lifted. However, we fear that a cap on export might be introduced. Also several export commitments were made just days before the ban was announced which might be scrapped,\" said Dilip Patel, president, All Gujarat Cotton Ginners Association (AGCGA).\"We welcome the government's decision to remove the ban on export. It would save hundreds of farmers from falling into a debt trap. Now, farmers will be able to get competitive price for their produce,\" said Bharat Wala, president, Saurashtra Ginners' Association.\"We are meeting on Monday morning and then decide on the future course of action. This is because we are yet to get the copy of government's decision,\" Wala said, adding that the ban would have hit hard the farmers and also over 580 ginning units in Saurashtra.\"The price of cotton rose suddenly after the government announcement. On Sunday afternoon, ginners came to our village and purchased cotton at the price of Rs 810 per 20 kg, up from earlier rate of Rs 750,\" said Lalit Vachhani, a farmer from Bhukhi village in Dhoraji taluka of Rajkot district.Meanwhile, Union commerce and industry minister Anand Sharma said in New Delhi that the government has decided to lift the ban on cotton exports.\"Well, the matter of cotton export has been discussed. The Group of Ministers had also met. Earlier, the MPs from Gujarat had met the Prime Minister. A balanced view has been considered by the Group of Ministers to roll back the ban and a formal order will be made public tomorrow by the government,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214818", "title": "Third sex to take up fight for official board in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: The nearly three-lakh strong transgender community in the state has decided to step up its campaign for the creation of an official third-gender board in the state on the lines of that which exists in other southern states like Tamil Nadu.Avagahana, the first-ever network for the transgender community, has chalked out a plan to pressure various government departments in order to have its demand fulfilled.\"In AP, there is no transgender board and transgender people cannot undergo sex reassignment surgery (SRS),\" Vijay, the Avagahana project director, told TOI.According to transgender community members, the state government had three years back issued GO 90 extending reservations to them after treating them as a minority group.But the women's welfare department objected to the move on the grounds that matters concerning the fair sex were its prerogative, upon which the GO was cancelled.\"We were aghast at the government's decision. We are not even treated like humans,\" Nagma, a transgender said.At recent state-level consultations, most transgender persons demanded the creation of a third gender board. \" We want the state to sanction sex reassignment surgeries,\" Nagma said.Feminization or sex reassignment surgeries (receiving female organs through surgery) is at present not allowed in the state. The cost of each such surgery is around Rs 8 lakh.\"The government hospital in Chennai has offers these surgeries free of cost but there is no such facility in AP,\" said Pehchan network's Rambabu.Under section 88 of the Indian Penal Code, any person can undergo emasculation (removal of male organs) with a written consent from a doctor.\"Sex reassignment surgeries are expensive; hence, most transgender persons undergo emasculation with the help of quacks, which is often fatal,\" said Chandra Mukhi, a member of a transgender organisation.Transgender community members said that, in AP, about 3,000 people have so far undergone emasculation although there is no official record of it.Members of the transgender community believe that a separate transgender board would go a long way towards helping them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12214758", "title": "Blasts linked but Kazmi was not on Bangkok list", "text": "NEW DELHI: Last month's car bomb blast on Aurangzeb Road may have been part of a wider international conspiracy against Israeli interests by a west Asian group. Sources in agencies probing the case here say they have found clear links between the Delhi blast, the foiled attempt in Georgia the same day, and the blast in Bangkok a day later. All the bomber teams were reportedly funded from a central source, arrived in the three cities at the same time, and the bombs they used had similar metallic lever mechanisms.However, sources denied that journalist Syed Mohammad Ahmad Kazmi was picked up after his number was found on the phone of one of the arrested Bangkok bombers, as reported by some papers on Saturday. They also explained the initial doubts about a common hand in the three blast attempts as arising from the use of different explosives. \"It appears that the explosives used in the three devices in New Delhi, Tbilisi and Bangkok were procured locally,\" said an officer.Israeli diplomat Tal Yehoshua-Koren was injured in the Aurangzeb Road blast on February 13. The same day, a bomb planted outside the Israeli embassy in Tbilisi, Georgia was diffused, while in Bangkok timely action prevented the bomb from going off in a crowded place on February 14. Two unexploded bombs recovered from the Bangkok bombers were hand grenades without safety levers inserted into radio units to be used as detonators. Flat, round metal plates were attached under the radio bomb units. \"Although the Delhi bomb is yet to be completely analyzed, its safety leveler had also been removed. The tailor-made metallic strips were identical, too,'' said the officer.On Saturday, a cross section of intellectuals from across the country extended support to the arrested Urdu journalist, Kazmi, who has been help for aiding and harbouring the Delhi blast conspirators. Speaking up for Kazmi, lawyer ND Pancholi said Kazmi could not be so \"childish'' as to do a recce on a Scooty and then keep the vehicle at his own house. Kazmi's youngest son - a minor, hence his name is being withheld - claimed that even a 20-day police remand was unheard of. \"There is no major evidence against my father. He is being mentally harassed even as we are being stopped from meeting him. He is a journalist of repute. Do you think he will run away?\"Later, Kazmi's supporters released a statement bearing signatures of 70 eminent people, including actors Sharmila Tagore and Nandita Das , director Mahesh Bhatt, film maker Sanjay Kak, writer Arundhati Roy , Dr Anand Pradhan, John Dayal from the National Integration Council, Khadeeja Arif from BBC News, historian KN Panikkar, professor Kamal Mitra Chenoy and Achin Vinayak from JNU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12215970", "title": "Loss of language can be unnerving, professor says", "text": "MANGALORE: Cultures are closely bound with linguistic communities. Culture, community and language are closely entwined and often overlap. People are embedded in cultures and communities mainly expressed through language.Non-recognition, relative marginalization and the loss of a language can affect them deleteriously, noted Valerian Rodrigues, professor, Centre for Political Studies, JNU, New Delhi.Delivering the key-note address at the inaugural of a two-day national seminar on scripts and languages of modern India with special reference to Konkani organized by Jagotik Konknni Songhotton here on Saturday, he said a rooted and confident human is closely associated with linguistic community. At the same time, limiting persons exclusively to one such community can be confining, no matter how populous such language is, and rich its contents.A language looks to a script to express itself beyond the zone of the familiar and a script has no meaning without being the bearer of symbols and meanings structured in a language. While a language need not be necessarily expressed in a script, not every language finds an appropriate expression in a script nor every script suits a language, he said.There is no easy way of replacing one script with other as a culture and literature associated with it is found in a particular script. If one takes into account Konkani speakers, larger number use Kannada script relative to other script.But such majoritarianism cannot be employed to run its diktat as peoples' lives, their conception of their selfhood and authenticity, are deeply marked by language written in a script other than Kannada.Recently, association of Devanagari with hallowed tradition and particularly with Sanskrit has made sections of Konkani speaking upper castes in coastal areas of Karnataka to veer round to Devanagari script, he noted. The issue has become highly divisive with the starting of Konkani schools in recent years, Valerian added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12215948", "title": "PIL seeks continuation of assembly", "text": "LUCKNOW: A Public Interest Litigation seeking continuation of the present state assembly till May 21 was filed in the high court on Saturday. The PIL is likely to come up for hearing on Monday.The PIL has been filed by city-based lawyer Ashok Pandey.The petitioner said the term of the present assembly expires on May 21, the same date on which the first meeting of the present assembly was held in 2007.The Public Interest Litigation also seeks that the newly elected MLAs should be restrained from casting votes in Rajya Sabha election to be held on March 30. Quoting Article 172 of the Constitution, the petitioner has sought direction to the Centre, Election Commission, secretary to the governor and state chief secretary for the aforesaid purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12216495", "title": "Don\u2019t be my favourite friend, be my most favoured nation", "text": "With time we come to realize that the only reliable pleasures in life are the smaller ones. The big sources of happiness--success, fame, marriage and religion-often fail us. Among the smaller enjoyments are things like friendship and humour. What is true for individuals can also apply to nations. Instead of nationalism and military grandeur, a modest delight in trade is more dependable, and this was underscored by a happy piece of news on February 29.Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani told Pakistani reporters, \"People have not understood MFN. It means 'most favoured nation', not 'most favourite friend'. Pakistan will now merely treat India as it treats a hundred other countries.\" Gilani was defending his cabinet's historic decision to open up trade with India. Having thrown its doors open to 6,850 products, it will remove all restrictions to trade by year end, and pave the way for granting India Most Favoured Nation status. Although there was no risk of India becomingmost favourite friend, 'sabse pasand mulk' as the Urdu press put it, there were 6,850 reasons to be happy in both countries.This beleaguered civilian government in Pakistan continues to amaze us. Not only is it battling on all fronts--war in Afghanistan , hounded by its Supreme Court, hostility of its own army, grave problems with the United States-it has gone and asserted a fine civilian conception of its national interest. By not insisting on Kashmir as a pre-condition of trade liberalization, it has proved gutsy, reminiscent of Narasimha Rao's bold liberalization in 1991 when he was pushed against the wall.It is better not to be euphoric when it comes to Pakistan. Still, the announcement was a healing balm for an India which has suffered unending bad economic news-much of it self-inflicted-over the past twelve months. The strategic significance of this opening is huge-it will energize free trade area in South Asia via Safta, which has suffered so far through Pakistan's intransigence. If the experience of North American Free Trade Area (Nafta) is any guide, Safta could transform millions of lives on the sub-continent.Presently India-Pakistan trade is a paltry $2.6 billion, less than 1% of their respective global trade. It should quickly climb to $10 billion by 2015, still modest compared to $60 billion trade between China and India. To make the deal a success, India will have to buy more from Pakistan; presently the trade is heavily skewed in our favour-Indian exports are $2.3 billion to Pakistan's $0.3 billion. India has 80% of South Asia's GDP, which makes our neighbours suspicious. Dominance brings responsibility and India will have to be more generous- as Germany is in Europe today; large-heartedness should replace our traditional policy of reciprocity if we want a peaceful South Asia.In this case India has played its cards well. It gave Pakistan MFN status way back in 1996, without insisting on reciprocity. Unilateral liberalisation works because lower trade barriers help one's own people. Besides, a government's first duty is to its consumers; afterwards, to its producers. As one of the world's more productive economies, India like Germany has only to gain from free trade. The major threats to trade liberalization are Pakistani extremists, who are dead set against this deal; the other is bureaucracy and red tape, which could easily stall this reform by keeping a tight lid on visas, for example.Much credit goes to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who has persisted in engaging patiently with Pakistan's weak civilian government. He took a lot of flak for his moderate stand at Sharmal-Sheikh. By assuming that Pakistan's civilian government was as much surprised by 26/11, he reposed faith in Gilani, whom he saw as a moderate, modern Pakistani and strengthened his hand against the army and the extremists. There is a clear lesson here: do not see a nation as a monolith and look for opportunities in unlikely places.For the moment, India and Pakistan do not have to be favourite friends. They should be content to be good neighbours and trade with mutual respect. They will be rewarded in the end, for trade multiplies connections between human beings and brings prosperity, stability, and peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "jorhat/guwahati", "code": "12224022", "title": "Four rhinos captured in Kaziranga for translocation to Manas National Park", "text": "JORHAT/GUWAHATI: Four rhinos were successfully captured in Kaziranga National Park on Sunday. The captured animals will be released in Manas National Park on Monday as a part of Indian Rhino Vision (IRV) 2020, a joint initiative of the state forest department, the World Wildlife Fund for Nature and the International Rhino Foundation.The capture operation started early in the morning and was over by 11.30 am. Two of the captured female rhinos were in the age group of 10-12 years while the other two - males - were three to four years of age. The animals were captured at the Bagori forest range of Kaziranga.They will be taken to Manas - a distance of 450 km from Kaziranga - on special trucks at night under the security of Assam Police. They will be released at Manas on Monday.Sunday's capture was the second phase of 'wild-to-wild' rhino translocation from Kaziranga to Manas. In February this year, four rhinos captured in Kaziranga were released in Manas.Two rescued rhinos from the Bokakhat-based Centre for Wildlife Rehabilitation and Conservation (CWRC) were also released in Manas on Sunday. Earlier, three more rescued rhinos from CWRC were released in Manas.After the release of these four animals, the population of the one-horned pachyderm will rise to 22 in Manas.Principal chief conservator of forest (wildlife) Suresh Chand said that the Sunday operation went smoothly with the cooperation of the district administration and local people. Chand said that under the IRV 2020, this year's target was to take 20 rhinos - 10 from Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary and 10 from Kaziranga - to Manas. While 10 rhinos have already been translocated to Manas from Pobitora in January this year, eight have been taken out of Kaziranga so far.The rhino population in Manas was wiped out by poachers during the law and order disturbances at the park in the 1990s, resulting in the national park being tagged 'World Heritage Site in Danger'. Last year, Manas got back the World Heritage Site status. Re-introduction of rhinos in the park was one of the factors which helped Manas to get back the World Heritage Site status.\"Wild-to-wild translocation has a special importance in repopulating Manas with the species. This is a critical task. And we are happy that all the operations have been very successful,\" Chand added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12215132", "title": "Miscreants leave St Sebastian statue on chapel roof", "text": "MAPUSA: Unknown persons broke into a chapel at Peddem-Mapusa and left a statue of St Sebastian on the roof before fleeing on Friday night.Police say that the persons could have been antique thieves who abandoned the statue after realizing it was made of clay.The incident was noticed on Saturday morning when a chapel committee member noticed that the statue was missing. The incident prompted the locals to register a police complaint. Police reached the spot and the statue was installed back in its place later.Police said that the miscreants could have climbed onto the roof of the chapel with the help of bamboo poles obtained from a nearby construction site. The miscreants broke the glass cabin, removed the statue of St Sebastian and left it on the roof.Chapel committee member Bounet D' Souza said that a similar incident occurred in the past. Councillor Deepak Mahadeshri rushed to the site, demanding better police patrolling in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12224071", "title": "Cop dies after being beaten by unidentified men in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: A Kolkata Police constable, who was beaten up severely by unidentified men on Holi at Birati in the city's northern outskirts, today succumbed to his injuries.Though the police quoting an initial complaint made with the local police station said that a property dispute was the reason of the assault on constable Ashim Dam, the victim's family alleged he had been lynched because he protested against eve-teasing.Commissioner of Salt Lake Police, Rajeev Kumar said, \"Investigation is going on with the local police going through the details of the complaint by Dam's family.\"He said that a person had already been detained and is being interrogated in connection with the incident which took place at Kishore Para near the NSC Bose International Airport.Assistant deputy commissioner (ADC) Salt Lake Police Tarun Haldar earlier said that 27-year-old Dam, attached with the Entally police station, and two other persons were injured in a clash over property dispute in the area on that day.Haldar said Dam and the two others were admitted to a hospital where Dam succumbed to his injures today.Expressing concern over the incident, Minister of State for Health, Chandrima Bhattacharjee alleged that CPI(M) goons had taken revenge over the Trinamool Congress leaning family.Bhattacharjee said she had asked the police to arrest the culprits immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12214806", "title": "On Thursdays, Kotla turns Aladdin\u2019s lamp", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Kotla Ferozeshah near Delhi Gate is overrun with thick scent of roses and incense. People busily come and go, often with families in tow. Hawkers line the approach road with shiny green chaadars, oil, incense wicks and flowers. One look at all this and you know it's a Thursday.There is a common belief that benevolent djinns reside in these 14th century ruins. People from as far as the Delhi-UP border come on Thursdays to ask for wishes to be granted by these djinns. There are special shared autos that ply between east Delhi localities and the fort on this day.Even the entry ticket of Rs 5 is exempted. \"People come to do religious things. We close the ticket counter after 2pm on Thursday. No orders for it, though,\" is how the man at the ticket counter explains it.Papers, mostly photocopies of letters spelling out the exact nature of trouble, are stuck to recesses in the walls and alcoves throughout the monument-often blackened with the soot of the oil lamps and incense sticks. From a business gone bad to a family falling apart, people bring all sorts of problems for the djinns to sort out.In Persian and Arabic folklore, djinns are fabled creatures said to have powers to grant wishes. Certain kinds are also believed to be mischievous and meddlesome. Though the believers are mostly Muslims, Hindus and Sikhs too come to seek the help of these magical creatures.At the other end of the fort is a pyramidal structure with an Ashokan pillar on top. Tied on the iron grill that surrounds it are bangles and colourful pieces of cloth, even plastic-offerings to the 'Laat Wale Baba', the djinn said to reside in the pillar. The dark corridors on the lower levels are abuzz with people lighting lamps and sticking letters. Many walk backward out of the chambers after placing their entreaties.Aashiq Ali, a dhaba-owner from Ballimaran has spent two decades' worth of Thursdays at the Kotla ruins. He has seen the place change drastically. \"My wife introduced me to this place. Earlier there used to be tall grass all over-enough to hide an adult. But now it's much cleaner. Around 90% of the people who come here are from across the Yamuna,\" says Ali, who is quick to insist he comes for the fresh air and not to supplicate the magical creatures.\"Djinns choose dark, desolate ruins to reside in,\" says caretaker Mohd Akhtar, a congenial old man who began visiting the ruins over 20 years ago out of curiosity and has stuck around ever since. The bag merchant from Sadar is involved in the upkeep of the parts of the monument where the believers place their offerings.Nobody is sure how old the tradition is-20, 30 or maybe 40 years. Anand Vivek Taneja, a doctoral student in Columbia University, has been researching the practice since 2007. In his paper, \"Letters Copied to the Lord of the Jinns: the Texts and Contexts of Contemporary Religious Practice in a 'Medieval' Space\", he traces the practice of letter-writing back to the times of Sultan Feroze Shah Tughlaq, who built the fort and who sought letters of forgiveness from those who had suffered at the hands of his predecessor, the eccentric ruler Muhammad bin Tughlaq. The letters were placed in his (Muhammad bin's) tomb. Taneja points out that the act was fitting as Muhammad bin received abusive letters during his rule from citizens who suffered his policies requiring migrants to move back to their hometowns.\"...it might not be entirely inaccurate to say that the Turkman Gate demolitions, one of the most brutal episodes during the Emergency of 1975-77, were an attack on the last inhabited remnant of Firozabad. Perhaps it is no surprise, that at the end of the Emergency, a fakir called Laddoo Shah moved into the ruins of Ferozeshah Kotla, and it is only after that that the practice of writing letters to the jinns began,\" observes Taneja, who drawing from archeologist Brian Boyd, terms the letters the \"immaterial ruins\" of the city.For the believers, the Kotla djinns offer everything from a cure for seizures to getting a job. Mahinder Kaur, popularly known as \"Toffee Wali Aunty\" for her generosity with candies, is certain that she could marry off her children just because of the djinns. Sahabzaadi, from Shastri Park, is convinced that her bedridden husband will be on his feet once she completes a cycle of seven Thursdays at the fort.By dusk, the crowd thins and the frenzy dies down. A few believers lounge on the lawns chatting up their Thursday friends. Meanwhile, the letters flutter in the evening breeze, awaiting addressees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12215715", "title": "Board officials seek divine hand for curbing malpractices", "text": "AJMER: With authorities of the Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education unable to stop incidents of paper leakages and cheating during examinations, this year the authorities have literally turned to the Gods for help.With the examinations scheduled to begin from March 15, chairman of the board, Subhash Garg, along with other officials, performed religious rituals before sending the examination material to different centres of the state.The board is apprehensive about leakage of question papers and mass copying. Special prayers were offered to deities for safe and peaceful conduct of examination. About 17 lakh students in the state are appearing for class X and XII exams.The officials assembled at the premises early in the morning and trucks and vehicles were loaded with the exam material to be dispatched to the centres at different district in the state. When chairman Subhash Garg arrived, religious rituals were performed before sending off the vehicles.\"We have instructed the trip in charge in vehicles to inform us of their location every two hours,\" said Garg. He also inaugurated the state control room in the premises which will keep eye on every part of the state.Three years ago, there was a mass paper leak of classes X and XII and seven papers were re-conducted leading to the resignation of former board chairman Bharat Kumhar. \"Even last year there were more than 200 cases of cheating in the state and the board debarred 300 teachers from duty this year,\" said officials.Copying and cheating cases mostly comes from Jodhpur, Barmer, Bharatpur, Churu, Sikar and even from Jaipur. Board chairman Garg this time has put in extra efforts to make the examination more transparent and confidential and kept his team on toes for last six months. \"We wanted fair and transparent examination system in schools and are making best arrangements to check mass copying,\" Garg said in a press conference last month.This time the examination rooms will also have cameras to check cheating cases. Board declared eight districts as hyper sensitive and closed one hundred examination centres this year on the complaints received last year for mass copying.The question papers again will be kept in nearby police stations and coordinators and supervisors as listed will be responsible for drawing the right question paper on the right day. \"No private school is allowed to keep the papers and supervisor of education department will conduct checks at centres,\" said MR Sharma, secretary of the board.The board is also worried about the technological methods of cheating by using mobile and bluetooth, \"We had organized a workshop for superintendent of examination centres to make them aware of this technique,\" said officials.The examinations will be conducted at 4,760 centres and home guard battalion of BSF will be deputed at every centre along with local police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214639", "title": "India Aviation show ready to take off", "text": "HYDERABAD: The third edition of the international exhibition and conference on civil aviation - India Aviation- 2012 -- is all set to be held in the city beginning March 14 sans the glamour of an aerobatics display, a much-awaited highlight of any such event, because of the tragic deaths caused due to crash of a Naval Kiran HJT in a civilian area during inauguration of the 2010 show.Spread over five days, the only mega event for civil aviation in India will kick off with a three-day business event. Marked by India debut of Boeing's 787 Dreamliner, a total of 21 aircraft including Russia's Sukhoi Superjet 100 aircraft, Brazilian Embraer's two business jets Phenom 300 and 100, among others will be on static display during the event. The show will wrap up with two days for general public on March 17 and 18.Jointly organized by the Union ministry of civil aviation and the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Ficci), India Aviation-2012 will have UK as the partner country, France as the focus country and USA as the guest country.Around 200-250 players from 18 countries including aircraft makers like Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier, Embraer, Gulfstream, Piaggio, Sukhoi, helicopter makers like AgustaWestland, Sikorsky, Bell Helicopter and Eurocopter as well as aircraft engine makers like Rolls Royce, GE, Pratt &amp; Whitney, among others will be participating in the show, FIcci's regional director (trade fairs) Lt Col Vivekanand Kodikal told newspersons on Saturday.According to him, the event will be larger than before covering a gross area of 20,000 sq metres, up from 10,000 sq metres in 2008 show and 12,000 sq mts in 2010. This would include three exhibition domes, 18 hospitality chalets for companies to hold business meetings and static aircraft display, he said, adding that the show was expected to attract nearly 8,000 business visitors this year.While the basic objective of the event was to showcase the latest aero space technology available globally and provide B2B opportunities to players from the aviation and allied industries, Lt Col Kodikal said that another key objective was to attract the aviation industry to India and Andhra Pradesh in particular as the state has the unique distinction of having the country's first aviation SEZ.Elaborate security arrangements had been made for the mega event, said Ch Srikanth, deputy commissioner of police (North), Hyderabad police, adding that nearly 450 cops drawn from various cadres would be involved in maintaining law and order and traffic discipline. This even as Ficci has roped in a private security agency to ensure safety and security at the venue along with CISF. The venue will also be monitored through extensive CCTV installation and will have dog squads and anti-sabotage squads on standby.As part of the ongoing centenary celebrations of civil aviation in India, Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh, who will be inaugurating the mega show on March 14, is also expected to unveil a special coffee table book and commemorative stamp, Begumpet airport director IN Murthy said.While chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy will be the chief guest at the show, civil aviation secretary Nasim Zaidi, Ficci president RV Kanoria along with other aviation top guns will be present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai/panaji", "code": "12215000", "title": "Antiques' thieves gang busted in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI/PANAJI: Mumbai police arrested six persons who planned to steal antique furniture from a museum in Chandor-Salcete.The accused had clicked photographs of the furniture in the museum using their cell phones and showed it to prospective buyers in Mumbai. The western region special squad arrested five accused-Krishna Ray, 24, Bholanath Prajapati, 23, Majid Khan , 25, Amjad Qureshi, 28, and Rahul Vaisha, 22, in Khar on Wednesday..\"The accused revealed that they had clicked photos of antique furniture to show to prospective buyers,\" police said.Gang leader Sher Ali Khan, 28, was arrested on March 8. The accused confessed that they had stolen antique rosewood furniture from bungalows in Goa since the last few years and sold them in Mumbai. When the gang visited Goa, they would check in at hotels and scout around old bungalows, for which they would hire bikes locally. They would commit the burglary at night, police said. \"We suspect that they have some accomplices in Goa who helped them commit the burglary,\" said a senior police officer.Goa police are in touch with Mumbai police to verify if the arrested accused were involved in Goa's biggest robbery, in which antique items valued at crores of rupees was stolen from the Museum of Christian Art on January 25. The museum's security guard was also killed during the robbery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi/faridabad", "code": "12214455", "title": "2 women paraded naked in Faridabad village on Holi", "text": "NEW DELHI/FARIDABAD: A woman and her daughter were allegedly paraded naked inside their village by neighbours on Holi. Their fault: the neighbours believed that her family had \"conspired\" and moved court, forcing them to cancel their daughter's wedding.The incident occurred at the Raipur Kala village near Ballabhgarh on March 8. On the complaint of the victim, the police have registered a case under various sections of the IPC but claim \"all the accused are absconding\". An FIR has been lodged and 30 people have been named in it even though none has been arrested so far. \"We have begun investigations and identifying the people. Arrests will begin soon,\" said Raj Kumar , DCP (Ballabgarh).According to police, one Ishwar Singh had fixed the marriage of his minor daughter on March 11, which had to be called off due to intervention by the local court. The court had acted on an anonymous complaint. Ishwar suspected his neighbour was behind this, and decided to take revenge in the most mediaeval form.On the day of Holi, Ishwar along with 30 armed men barged into his neighbour's house. \"Not finding him there, they allegedly assaulted his mother and sister,\" Rajkumar said. Later, they blackened the mother's face and paraded her naked in the village.\"None of my cousins or brothers was present. They broke everything they could lay their hands on. They then molested me and my mother and held us at gunpoint. They forced us to strip and move around the neighbourhood. None of the neighbours came forward to help,\" said one of the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12222189", "title": "Almost all crorepatis in new Punjab assembly", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab's newly-elected assembly of politicians may have become one of the richest in the country with hardly any room for the poor.Not only the number of crorepati MLAs in the Punjab vidhan sabha has increased to highest ever but the politicians have also succeeded in adding on to their assets.Out of the total 117 MLAs, who have received people's mandate in Punjab, 101 politicians are either crorepatis or super-crorepatis.And higher the assets, better were the chances of winning.As per the new data released by the association for democratic reforms (ADR), the election results seemed to be highly influenced by the money power.The data reveals that 37.7% of the candidates, who declared assets of Rs 5 crore or above, won the elections and only 5.8% of the contestants won who had assets between Rs 20 lakh to Rs 1 crore.The number of crorepati MLAs in the 2007 assembly was 77 and most of the crorepati politicians this time belong to the Shiromani Akali Dal but Congress has the richest of them all.The SAD has 47 crorepati MLAs, followed by Congress with 41 and BJP with 10 out of the 12 candidates who won the elections.Interestingly, all the three independent candidates who won the elections, are also crorepatis.The average asset per MLA of Congress is highest with Rs 13.97 crore followed by SAD with Rs 7.93 crore and BJP with Rs 4.68 crore.The crorepati club in the Punjab House is led by Congress MLA from Muktsar, Karan Kaur with total assets of over Rs 128 crore and closely followed by deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal with total movable and immovable assets of Rs 90.86 crore.Karan Kaur may be the richest politician of Punjab but she is among the 12 MLAs who have not filed their income tax returns.The other super rich MLA include Kewal Singh Dhillon, Rana Gurjit Singh, Amarinder Singh and Arvind Khanna from Congress and Adeshpartap Singh Kairon from Shromani Akali Dal and Navjot Kaur Sidhu, wife of Amritsar MP Navjot Sidhu, from BJP.Ironically, some of the richest candidates also have the highest liabilities with Sukhbir Badal right at the top with total liabilities of Rs 31.77 crore.Other politicians with high liabilities in crores of rupees include Rana Gurjit Singh, Kewal Singh Dhillon, Arvind Khanna, Ashwani Sekhri of Congress and Tota Singh, Deep Malhotra, and Adeshpratap Singh Kairon from the SAD.The list of \"poor\" politicians in Punjab is headed by BJP's Seema Devi, whose total assets are of Rs 2.81 lakh.Seema is followed by Chetan Singh Samaon of SAD with assets of Rs 6.70 lakh. Other MLAs whose assets are in lakhs include BJP president Ashwani Sharma, Harpreet Singh, Gurtej Singh from SAD and Harchand Kaur and Gurcharan Singh of Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "12214701", "title": "Builder booked for land grab", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: A local developer has been booked for allegedly grabbing two acres of government land reserved for a school by making forged land documents and extracts.The plot is situated near the Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation headquarters. Two aides of the builder, Ram Wadhwa, have also been booked. \"I had received a complaint from a local alleging that Wadhwa was trying to grab land (survey number 35/10) by making forged land document,\" Ulhasnagar tehsildar Sekhar Ghadhe said.The civic body will form a special squad to probe into such violations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12220867", "title": "Fans are very emotional people: Kratika Sengar", "text": "From playing a romantic to a warrior girl to playing a matured mother...Kratika Sengar has surely proved to be versatile in her five year stint in tellytown.Starting off with a cameo in Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi , she found her calling in the television industry and did Kasauti Zindagii Key . She won accolades for her performance in the show Kya Dil Me Hai and then showed her action moves in Jhansi Ki Rani . Yet again, she is on the small screen doing something completely different from her last role; Kratika is currently seen opposite Gurmeet Choudhary in Punar Vivah - Zindagi Milegi Dobara .With a few fans pleading her (on a social networking site and her fan pages) to leave the show and let Drashti Dhami play her role instead; as they would love to see Drashti and Gurmeet together on the small screen (after the show Geet... Hui Sabse Parayi), how does she react? She replies, \"About my pairing with Gurmeet Choudhary, I have undergone all mock shots and look tests. Fans are very emotional people and when they have seen you with some people and they like your chemistry, they expect you to work with the same person again.\"Well, looks like fans have to wait and watch for the chemistry between Kratika and Gurmeet. After all, everyone needs a fair chance!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12224109", "title": "Locals curious, optimistic about Union Budget", "text": "VARANASI: \"Aur kisi bhi bhi cheez ka daam badh jaye par LPG cylinder ka daam nahin badhe warna pura ghar ka budget garbar ho jayega (hike in prices of other articles won't bother us, but under no circumstances should the price of LPG cylinder rise as it will disturb the entire budget of the house),\" said Anita Pandey of Saket Nagar colony in south city on the eve of pre-budget session on Sunday.\"If the subsidy on LPG is lifted, it will disturb the entire budget of the house. We are already facing hike in fuel (petrol) prices that has increased the transportation cost. Further hike in LPG price would be nothing less than disaster. The prices of food items, fruits and vegetables have also soared,\" added Pandey, a housewife who is also BCom graduate.City residents said that the budget should be a balanced one, and take care of needs and problems of common people. \"The slab for income tax needs to be restructured for giving relaxation to the salaried people and we are expecting that the income tax limit would be raised in the next financial year (2012-13). It will not only give respite to salaried people but also curb other illegal practices like tax evasion etc,\" said Subhash Singh, an assistant professor, Faculty of Management Studies, BHU.It may be mentioned here that presently, any annual income exceeding Rs 1.80 lakh is taxable for male employees while the limit for female employees is Rs 1.90 lakh annually. A proposal to raise the taxable limit to annual income of Rs 3 lakh is likely to be passed in the budget, paving the way for restructured tax slab in the next financial year.Similarly, the budget session that starts on Monday (March 12) has also sparked interest in the real state business that was witnessing a slump following hike in interest rates on housing loans and prices of construction material. \"We are expecting the prices of construction material to come down, as people are not showing interest in buying houses due to increased cost. Also the hints of relaxation in the interest rates of housing loans have raised the hopes of people associated with real estate business,\" said Anand Yadav, supplier of construction material in Khojwan area.Students are expecting that the budget would make tablets and laptops cheaper. \"The launch of Akash -II and its availability at subsidised price for the students is encouraging. But if the government takes initiative to lower the prices of gadgets like mobiles, PCs and laptops in general, it would be even more beneficial to the students. We hope that the coming general budget would not disappoint young students,\" said Pravin Singh, a BSc part-I student at Banaras Hindu University .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12224475", "title": "Pipili girl's family, opposition rubbish CB's no-rape claim", "text": "CUTTACK: The family of the 19-year-old Pipili girl on Sunday expressed their dissatisfaction with the crime branch's version that she was not raped, and demanded a CBI probe into the case.A day after the crime branch (CB) submitted its chargesheet to a court in Pipili, the victim's brother, Amulya Behera, said he had no faith in the CB and its findings were not proper. \"It didn't conduct a thorough probe and filed the chargesheet hurriedly to save the accused. We want a CBI inquiry,\" he said.\"Four persons were arrested but CB has filed chargesheet against only two. It shows CB is trying to shield the accused,\" said Amulya. He also denied the police claim that the victim was 'friendly' with main accused Prashant Pradhan.The family had alleged that the girl was gang-raped for being a court witness in a 2008 molestation case. But CB has ruled out rape and said she was a victim of attempt to murder.The Opposition Congress and BJP have also condemned the CB. \"How could police know there was no rape when they initially tried to brush the case under the carpet and started probe a month and half after the incident?\" asked state Congress president Niranjan Patnaik. \"It is most unfortunate that CB has come up with such a finding when the victim is struggling for life. The CB version echoes what Pipili MLA Pradeep Maharathy has been saying. This proves the probe was not authentic. The CBI should probe the case,\" Patnaik said.BJP spokesperson Ashok Sahu said the incident allegedly took place on November 29, but police and government doctors deliberately overlooked it at first. They did not conduct any medical examination on the victim. \"The ligature around her neck indicating strangulation and the fact that she was found semi-nude, were sufficient to suggest rape. This could have been substantiated had there been a medical examination,\" Sahu said.\"As the victim is the only witness in the case, and has not been able to speak, the investigation ruling out allegation of rape was prejudiced in favour of the perpetrators of the crime. The police plea that the FIR did not contain any details of rape does not per se refute the possibility of rape that could be corroborated on circumstantial evidence and the victim's statement. Police overlooked the circumstantial evidence available at the relevant time and is yet to collect the victim's statement,\" Sahu added.Responding to the criticism, a crime branch officer said, \"Investigation in the case has been kept open to examining the victim when she will be able to record her statement as well as to examining the criminal liability of local police officers and doctors.\" On why the agency filed the chargesheet in 60 days when law allows it up to 120 days, a CB officer said: \"120 days is the maximum. The SC and ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act suggests it be done within 30 days. We filed the charge-sheet in 60 days but have kept the case open.\"The State Commission for Women chairperson Jyoti Panigrahi, in her inquiry report, had also said there was no evidence of rape. But the National Commission for Scheduled Castes had said the girl was raped.Meanwhile, doctors attending on the victim said there was no improvement in her condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "12215847", "title": "It all began in a military school in Rajasthan", "text": "ALWAR: Akhilesh Yadav learnt his first leadership lessons in Rajasthan, where he spent six years of his childhood at Dholpur's Military School and led its hockey and football teams.Akhilesh's former schoolmates and teachers remember him as an average student, who excelled in sports. \"Akhilesh was admitted to the school in July 1983 and studied here from class VI-XII. As a student, he was mediocre, but excellent in sports , especially hockey and football,\" said Nikhil Agrwal, who was Akhilesh's junior. He said Akhilesh was quite famous in the school for his leadership qualities. \"He enthusiastically took part in all school activities,\" said Nikhil.His friends are delighted that Akhilesh would take over as the most influential state's chief minister.\"It was obvious that Akhilesh will become a politician some day. But when he has actually become the chief minister, it is quite delightful,\" said Nikhil.His classmate, Piyush Badola, described Akhilesh as a humble student. \"Akhilesh's background was known in the school. Despite that, he had no ego and used to mingle with all the students and teachers. Akhilesh invites his classmates to Agra for parties till date,\" said Piyush.Another schoolmate, Nilesh Modi, said Akhilesh used to return to the school after holidays in a helicopter. \"All students used to gather on the school building's rooftop to see the helicopter landing near the school,\" said Nilesh.As per the school records, Akhilesh ranked 31st in class VI, but secured 21st position in Class VIII. \"Akhilesh improved in his studies. He chose science steam in class XI and finished his school in March 1990,\" said a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12215884", "title": "Cyberia hails UP engineer who also knows Kannada", "text": "The cyberworld has cheered the rise of new leadership in UP with the users of social networks like Facebook and Twitter going ga-ga over the elevation of Aklhilesh Yadav.Since the declaration of election results, Akhilesh Yadav's Wikipedia page was updated more than 100 times with users trying to add every bit of information available. The page is still marked as 'stub' by Wikipedia meaning that the article is 'too short to provide encyclopedic coverage of a subject'. The page introduces Yadav as the 'chief minister elect of Uttar Pradesh'.On Twitter, #Akhilesh Yadav was trending worldwide as the news broke. #Chief Minister of UP, #CM of Uttar Pradesh and #Azam Khan were other related hash-tags through which Twitterati preferred to mark their tweets.\"Phata Poster, Nikla CM.... Akhilesh Yadav seems 2 be d new face of youth... UP for change.. well deserved &amp; earned success.. (sic)\", tweets @mrigankgaurav. Welcoming change, @raghavbehani tweets, \"Congratulations Akhilesh Yadav.. I am sure he will bring peace, prosperity and development to Uttar Pradesh :).\"@ainvvy introduced Akhilesh as \"An engineer from Mysore. The first UP CM who understands 'swalpa adjust madi!'\". 'Swalpa adjust madi' in Kannada means 'Can you adjust a bit'.Soon after, the youngest CM's duty list was prepared by the Twitterati with users arguing Yadav Junior not to follow the footsteps of 'another young CM Omar Abdullah'.\"Akhilesh Yadav is new chief minister of uttar pradesh. Tough task for a young man to govern big state like UP. All the best to Akhilesh (sic)\" tweeted @i_shazia. @SHISHIR101 tweeted, \"I suggest Akhilesh Yadav to promote establishment of new industries in UP which will help job creation thus his promises will b fulfilled.\" He adds, \"Akhilesh Yadav should make UP a safe place to live. Police should be disciplined and official machinery should be told to work honestly.\"Digvijay Singh's parody account took a dig at Rahul Gandhi by trying to save his face. \"Akhilesh Yadav becoming youngest CM is nothing, our RahulG is already the youngest Human Being in India. #YouthIcon\", tweeted @diggyleaks.Pun suggestions were a hit among the tweeters as @MildlyClassic tweets, \"Now that Akhilesh Yadav is going to be the chief minister of UP, Mulayam might rename the state to Puttar Pradesh.\" This was many times retweeted as punsters tried to find a connection with 'Puttar' and son Akhilesh. Other suggestions included, \"Akhilesh Yadav , the youngest chief minister of UP, please do not start renaming the medical colleges as your first major decisions!,\" tweeted @Ananzze.@SouleFacts tweeted, \"UP is now one step closer to Saudi Arabia, becoz the Laptop to be distributed by Akhilesh Yadav will even have #Urdu software, as promised.\"Taking a dig at Azam Khan, @TheRadioJoker tweeted, \"It'd b very interesting to see how Azam Khan acts like a speaker of UP Assembly, 'Chup ho jao nahi toh ghar se uthwa doonga' (sic).\"On Akhilesh Yadav's Facebook wall, there were more than 500 posts congratulating him. User Ankit Gupta writes, \"Netaji ko agar 2014 me PM banana hai to akhilesh ji apko CM banana hai.. UP ki umeed ab desh ki Umeed hai!! 5 kalidas marg is waiting for You!! apko UP ka youngest CM banne ki Hardik Shubhkamnaye!!\"As suggestions started pouring in, along with the congratulatory messages, Chetan Singh Kanyal wrote, \"divert and upgrade the chatra sangh much better than the delhi's.. make the laws far strict than mayawati.. make uttar pradesh better than Gujrat..!! rule as you are the Principal of an ICSC Board College and as chancellor of DU... (sic)\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12214658", "title": "GenNext rides to power in UP, pledges clean politics", "text": "LUCKNOW: History was scripted at 11.49am on Saturday when Samajwadi Party senior leader Azam Khan stood up to make a short speech proposing Akhilesh as the youngest UP chief minister. The conference hall in the party office on Vikramaditya Marg was packed with some 200 newly-elected MLAs and some MPs. \"Akhilesh,\" said Azam Khan, \"is young. And Netaji (Mulayam) wants to spend more time in Delhi. Aur har baap ki khwahish hoti hai ki unka beta tarakki kare... (and every father wants his son to do well).\"Almost on cue, Mulayam's brother, Shivpal Yadav, stood up to second the proposal. \"Hamko bahut khushi hogi agar hamara bhatija CM bane (I will be very happy if my nephew becomes the CM).\"With this, the crown passed smoothly to the architect of SP's stupendous victory, 38-year-old Akhilesh Yadav, marking a generational shift in the state's politics. The swearing-in is scheduled for March 15 on the spacious La Martiniere school grounds. Emerging from the party office to lusty cheers, Akhilesh vowed clean politics and governance. \"It is the responsibility of the Samajwadi Party to keep law and order intact.\"But the seemingly easy transition from the veteran Yadav chieftain to his son had been scripted over days with Mulayam carefully paving the way for Akhilesh. The final touches were added on Friday evening, when Mulayam took the final step to bring all opposed to Akhilesh on board.As TOI had reported on Friday, Mulayam worked out the time-tested formula of getting Khan to propose Akhilesh's name and get his brother Shivpal to second it. Both were believed to have been initially reluctant to back Akhilesh, but came around at Mulayam's prodding and will be placated with plum posts. Getting them to back Akhilesh, who acted as the force-multiplier for the party and took it beyond its traditional Muslim-Yadav base, will also make them stakeholders in the crucial decision that could give a new direction to UP's politics.But even till Friday night, Khan was believed to have been holding on to the demand for the Speaker's post. But it was only on Saturday morning that he relented after the assurance of a clutch of important portfolios.Akhilesh arrived at the meet ahead of Mulayam, who came five minutes later, accompanied by Khan. Ram Gopal Yadav, who had first proposed Akhilesh's name at the March 7 parliamentary board meeting, set the ball rolling at 11.35am with his welcome address. He pointed out that it was for the first time ever that the conference hall was so packed, a reference to SP's thumping majority which has given the party 224 MLAs in a house of 403. Independent candidate Raja Bhaiyya was also present, the only non-SP MLA around.Mulayam spoke after the crowning of Akhiklesh, referring to the party's past struggles. But he made one thing very clear. Akhilesh, he said, will be CM for sure, but it is for Khan to keep it all together. At the post-meet press conference, too, Mulayam spelt it out clearly that the senior Muslim leader will guide Akhilesh, thus chalking out the role of a mentor for him, which should ensure Khan does not feel let down but sees the crowning of Akhilesh as a handing over of power to a younger generation.On his part, Mulayam wants to focus on the Centre, with his eyes firmly on the now-emerging Fourth Front of regional players, including Mamata Banerjee, Naveen Patnaik, Nitish Kumar and the TDP. With the UP numbers to back him, Mulayam could emerge a key player in this front as it takes shape to tackle a weakened Congress ahead of the 2014 Lok Sabha polls.While Mulayam had driven to the party office with Akhilesh and Shivpal from his residence, he did not accompany his son to meet Governor B L Joshi to formally stake claim to form the government. Akhilesh was accompanied this time by Khan and Shivpal.After the formalities, Akhilesh addressed his first press conference as a CM-designate, reiterating that all promises in the manifesto will be honoured. He also assured that the party will not resort to the politics of vendetta. Mulayam, he said, will be around to guide and help, but will now play a bigger role at the Centre.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12216854", "title": "Mumbai for Me: A childhood lost to couch", "text": "MUMBAI: The changing nature of parental tussles with their school-going children in Mumbai homes is perhaps the most telling indicator of how open spaces, or rather the lack of them, have altered the quality of life for most Mumbaikars.Till a decade ago, children would fight for a few more hours of play time outdoors. Today , however, parents have to literally struggle to get their children out of the couch and into the compound.Health experts believe the disappearing parks and playgrounds are redefining growing up for GenNext. \"Children must have outdoor facilities to run about and play for their normal growth,\" says Dr Y Amdekar, paediatrician and medical director of Wadia hospital. He explains that outdoor play equips children not only with physical exercise, which contributes to overall well-being , but also teaches them several behavioural aspects such as interacting with nature, developing friendships and becoming independent . \"A sedentary childhood adversely affects the mental faculties of children. With video games and television, for instance , children merely use their reflexes rather than their thinking prowess,\" he says.The couped-up existence affects adults as well. Lolling around in a park, jogging along the seaside or picnicking in a forest could be the most effective balm for Mumbaikars' collective angst, escalating stress and pent-up frustration , believe mental health experts who say open spaces are known to expand the horizon of people's thought and actions.Shankar Das, chairperson of the Centre for Health Policy, Planning and Management at TISS, says there is an increasing body of empirical evidence in recent years that demonstrates that open space and natural environment can promote mental health and relief from stress. \"Access to outdoor spaces and open air recreation offers respite from routine activities and causes the mind and body to relax. Research studies suggest that anxiety disorders, medically unexplained physical symptoms and depressive disorders reduce when there are open and green spaces near the patients ' homes,\" he says.Open spaces are vital to citizens ' survival as the mind, body and nature are all closely interconnected . \"Space is suggestive of your own area of freedom. People who stay in areas with the most open space are likely to have an open view of their life and their futures,\" says Shubhangi Parkar, psychiatrist at KEM Hospital. She believes Mumbaikars who are forced to live a four-walled existence are unconsciously always trying to create space for themselves. \"This keeps the mind constantly agitated. Mumbaikars often avoid going into communities which limits their interactions as well,\" she says.Das believes policy makers and urban planners need greater inclination and motivation to work towards creating and maintaining such spaces. \"Such spaces are even more valuable in terms nurturing the mind, body and soul in a densely populated city like Mumbai.\"Cooped-Up Development- Open spaces are vital to a child's development. They provide a child with an outlet for physical energy, thus contributing to the overall well-being- They expand a person's thought and actions, and thus prove to be stress-busters- Green spaces and water bodies have a mitigating effect on anxiety disorders, medically unexplained physical symptoms and depression", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12215153", "title": "Experience and youth to the fore", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While Hinal Patel, sarpanch of Siswa village in Kheda had hogged the limelight for being the young educated sarpanch in the state, sitting away in the crowd was 21-year-old Sabanam Nazir Shaikh, sarpanch of Bhagat Na Muvada in Khatlal, wearing her feat of achievement in silence as Hinal walked up to the stage to meet chief minister. Narendra Modi , Sabanam bore no grudges for not being identified as the youngest sarpanch. All she said was, \"Dhyan se nikal gaya hoga.\" (It might have slipped from their memory).This muslim girl is the youngest sarpanch in Gujarat. Also sitting with her in the crowd was Pasiben Rachhod, sarpanch of Hadesana village in Mandal who probably was the oldest sarpanch of the state.Despite the fact that Shabanam is the youngest sarpanch and have no political background, she knows her priorities well. A borewell for the village was the topmost in her mind, since her village is facing shortage of drinking water.\"Apart from this, toilets for poor people in our villages are also a major issue.\" Educated till class IV, the sarpanch says that no one on her family has made it to the panchayat house, but she used to work in the village. When it was decided to have a women Samras panchayat for the village, Shabanam was asked to become the sarpanch and she willingly agreed. \"I always wanted to do something for the village and will continue to do so,\" she said.While Sabnam is waiting for the grants to be allotted, Pasiben Ranchhodbhai has already begun her work.She has begun using funds from the village and has already constructed 10 houses in the short duration of two months and is ready to allot them to families staying below poverty line. Given her age and experience Pasiben was elected unopposed. The village with a population of 500 people has Thakores and Patels in the community. She said that water for agriculture was a problem and hence they wanted to have more check dams to stop rain water.\"I am uneducated, but I want to ensure that the girls in the village are educated,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12215123", "title": "Cop hurt in gunbattle with Naxals in Dakshina Kannada", "text": "MANGALORE: An Anti-Naxal Force (ANF) policeman was injured in a gun battle with Naxals at Mitthabagilu, in Belthangady, on Saturday afternoon.ANF personnel were on combing duty at Mitthabagilu, bordering Dakshina Kannada and Chikmagalur districts, when a group of 20-25 Naxals camping near a waterfall, spotted the ANF patrol team and engaged them \"unilaterally\". The exchange of fire resulted in the ANF personnel, Sadashiva, receiving a bullet graze wound.The Naxals, who abandoned the campsite after the exchange of fire, started moving further inward into the dense forest, leaving behind Naxal literature, camping and food material. IGP (Western Range) Pratap Reddy, who left for the spot, told STOI the ANF team combing the area had run into the Naxals near Mitthabagilu.\"The Naxals, who were in an elevated place, spotted the ANF team and opened fire unilaterally,'' the IGP said, adding that the ensuing exchange of fire went on for a few minutes. \"It is difficult to reconstruct the sequence of events straightaway,'' he said.\"In such situations it's not easy to proceed due to the fear of ambush,'' the IGP said, adding that ANF personnel have since covered the encounter site. An ambulance was sent from ANF base camp at Karkala in Udupi, to pick up the injured Sadashiva and shift him to hospital. \"The injury is not life threatening,'' IGP Reddy said, adding that he was being shifted from the encounter site to Mitthabagilu, and taken for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12214802", "title": "Cong wary of Vijayawada\u2019s \u2018greater\u2019 good, claim rivals", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The proposal to convert the Guntur civic body into a greater municipal corporation has been put on the fast track but Vijayawada's route to the same status, it seems, is fraught with problems after it has emerged that Congress leaders in the area are stonewalling plans to develop the city.The merger of about 30 villages with the city civic body has for long been on the cards and it was assumed that it would be done following the expiry of the terms of the village panchayats, which happened a year back. However, authorities of the Vijayawada Municipal Corporation (VMC) have failed to take the matter forward. Sources said Congress legislators fear that the merger would pave the way for Telugu Desam Party (TDP)'s dominance in the council.Although TDP has no representative from the city in the Assembly, the merger of the surrounding villages would provide leaders Devineni Uma, Dasari Balavardhan Rao and Konakalla Narayana with the option of entering the corporation as ex-officio members. Moreover, most of the villages identified for the merger are considered TDP strongholds.Initially, with Natarajan Gulzar was at the helm, VMC proposed to merge 15 villages to create a greater Vijayawada civic body. Subsequently, the plan was revised and 15 more villages added to that list to include areas in the Ibrahimpatnam, Gannavaram, Kankipadu and Penamalur constituencies.\"Congress is worried it would lose its clout were a greater VMC to be formed. Congress legislators are therefore opposing development of the city,\" alleged CPI leader Subbaraju. Sources said that Congress legislators wanted the next elections to the civic body to be held along the current demarcation.When questioned, Congress legislator Malladi Vishnu, however, rebutted the charges.\"We will discuss the issue in the party and also with officials concerned after the completion of the ongoing Assembly session,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12214791", "title": "Students voice concern over Goa's environmental problems", "text": "PANAJI: As part of Goa's golden jubilee year of Liberation celebrations, the state government organized deliberations on the increasing environmental concerns in the state post-liberation, in colleges around the state that involved students, teachers and experts.The departments of geography and economics of the Rosary College of Commerce and Arts, Navelim, recently collaborated with the directorate of art and culture of the Goa government to organize a one-day state level seminar on 'Environmental concerns in post Liberation Goa: Problems, initiatives and alternatives', at the college.The seminar was attended by lecturers and students from 19 educational institutions, in addition to representatives of various NGOs and parishes across the state.Deliberations during the technical sessions were conducted by active and renowned environmentalists. Abhijit Prabhudessai of Goenchea Xetkarancho Ekvott pointed out various shortcomings of the Regional Plan 2021 and stressed on the urgent need to bring about changes in the Regional Plan 2021 through public action.Noted anti-mining crusader Ramesh Gauns expressed concerns over the poor conditions of the villages in the close vicinity of the mining leases. Gauns suggested that only concerted efforts of legal bodies like the Supreme Court and the public can stop the illegal mining activities in Goa.In the last technical session, resource person Rajendra Kerkar raised concerns about human interference leading to the rapid degradation of flora and fauna in the state. He stressed on the need for a tiger reserve with a buffer zone of 10km.Similarly, Smt Parvatibai Chowgule College of Arts and Science, Margao, held a two-day state level conference along with the state directorate of art and culture to review the various changing dimensions of Goa, in relation to the land and its people. In all, 80 students and faculty members participated in the conference from different colleges across Goa. The two day seminar saw a presentation of 14 research papers on various dimensions that included the landscape of Goa, its resources, regional planning, demographics, amongst others. A panel discussion was held on 'Are we satisfied with Goa's progress?'. It concluded with the general consciousness that Goa is undoubtedly the most progressive state and the quality of life is satisfactory. However, there are growing concerns about the degrading environment, deviant behavior in coastal areas and rocketing estate prices. Goa needs to develop its level of education and help create responsible youth for an emerging vigilant Goa, a majority of the participants felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12220705", "title": "Can't slow them down", "text": "After releasing their first EP in late 2010, frontman Vitek Goyel of alternative punk-folk rock band Slow Down Clown, talks about their upcoming debut album in a chat with Lisa AntaoTheir name sounds totally bizzare for a music band but fortunately that isn't the case with their music.This alternative punk-folk rock band began as a solo project in 2001 by self-taught musician (plays the guitar and harmonica) and songwriter Vitek Goyel while studying college in Upstate New York along with his classmate buddy Nick Sullivan. They began jamming for fun for original songs written and recorded by Goyel in his bedroom with a beat up acoustic guitar along with a cheap microphone. Vitek would then record his songs and pass them onto his friends.The band name was coined by him when the duo came across a crazy clown while they were driving in their car. After studying electronic arts in college, Vitek returned to Mumbai in 2004 and met Anurag Shanker of the blues funk-jam band Caesar's Palace who heard Vitek's songs and urged him to record his songs with the help of a live band. Through Shanker, Goyel was introduced to drummer Arfaaz Kagalwala of electronica act Tempo Tantrick and bassist Wilson Kenneth of Hindustani jazz fusion band Moon Arra. The quartet started making music under Slow Down Clown, who then released their first EP Stormy Weather in September 2010. They began performing live at various gigs (having recently performed in the city) and are currently in the midst of working on their first full fledged untitled album, which will see a release in September this year.So far, they have recorded three singles; Stupid Feet, a slow yet fast paced number about long distance relationships; Keep You, a fast punk yet mellow number about how people change overtime; Tonight is an upbeat rock track that's more of a driving number. Speaking about the sound of the band, Goyel explains, \"Slow Down Clown essentially has a rock sound to it, with the folk element coming through the acoustic guitar. My acoustic influences include REM, The Beatles and American Indie rock band Modest Mouse. Our upcoming album sounds more like a full-fledged band. There's improved songwriting and the sound is edgier.\" Besides, the band members, Vitek also collaborates with city-based composer/producer/vocalist Sonal D'silva aka Sonaluna for gigs. Besides Goyel, all the other three bandmates are full-time musicians and he meanwhile, spearheads his videogaming business in the US. \"Being in the gaming business in a way satisfies my creative urges but not unlike music which is more closer to my heart ,\" explains he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12215288", "title": "2002 riots: Minorities body summons Gujarat cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The National Commission for Minorities (NCM) has summoned three IPS officers and four intelligence officials to furnish evidence about the 2002 riots, especially in relation to the meeting at chief minister Narendra Modi's residence on February 27, 2002.Three IPS officers including retired DGP R B Sreekumar, suspended DIG Sanjiv Bhatt, and DIG Rahul Sharma have been asked to appear before the commission on March 12. With them, four cops working with the state intelligence bureau and control room during the riots - E L Christian, M K Sharma, A S Kasiri and V J Solanki -have also been summoned by the commission.The summons have been issued on the basis of a complaint filed by a riot victim, Niyazbibi Malek. Vital evidence about the meeting and the violence had been furnished by the IPS officers before the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team but it had been disregarded, Malek has claimed.She has urged the commission that the cops, who claim to have evidence showing the state government's complicity in the riots, should be made to record evidence. Malek's family used to live in Ognaj village on the outskirts of Ahmedabad, but once removed during the 2002 riots, they could not return to their home.Sources said that the four intelligence officials have been summoned because the complainant told the commission that SIT never cared to probe Bhatt's claims that he was present at the meeting. These four cops' testimony can throw some light on Bhatt's presence at the meeting and his former sub-ordinate K D Panth's flip-flops. Panth had first said that he had driven Bhatt to Gandhinagar but later retracted and complained before police that Bhatt had coerced him to make such a statement.Bhatt claimed to have been present at the meeting. Sharma had prepared CDs containing call details during the riots period, which he submitted to the SIT. Sreekumar has filed nine exhaustive affidavits before the Nanavati commission as an SIB chief.After Modi's inflammatory speeches in Bahucharaji and Chanasma denigrating Muslims during the Gujarat Gaurav Yatra in September 2002, NCM asked had Gujarat DGP of the time to furnish the details along with the full text of the speeches. Accordingly, as ADGP of intelligence then, Sreekumar was asked to send the material to the NCM. He prepared a report with a remark that the speeches were inflammatory and hurt the feelings of the minority community following which the situation between the two communities became tense.Sreekumer sent his report on September 13, 2002. Four days later, at 1 am, he received an intimation of transfer from the intelligence department. He said that NCM had not even sought any explanation on his report till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216137", "title": "Holi tiff: Mayo colony residents living in fear", "text": "NAGPUR: The festival of colours may have left everyone in a good humour but for the residents of the staff quarters of Mayo hospital, the festival has left behind only dread. Such is the state at these quarters that women and children have been cooped inside the houses since the last four days with even children having their exams scared to move out of the houses.It is no secret that the hospital premises have been used for several antisocial activities and incidences of violence are a regular sight at the hospital. This has made around hundred families who reside in the quarters, live in a constant state of terror, fearing the worst. The outer walls of the hospital near the staff quarters have been broken down many times and pave an easy entry for miscreants.Residents of the quarters say that neither the hospital authorities nor the police have been of much help over the years. \"When we were burning the pyre on the eve of Holi, a tiff ensued over logs being taken from across the wall. Some people from outside stormed the hospital premises, doused the pyre and threatened us not to celebrate the festival claiming it disturbed their peace,\" said a resident of the quarters. \"Hospital authorities have assured us to raise the parapet wall soon,\" they said.Ever since the incident, the residents have been constantly been witness to death threats and flashed swords. One of the boys arrested by the police would soon be appearing for HSC examinations, they added. Hospital authorities say they know of the incident. \"We were told about the scuffle that took place on Wednesday night. The matter is under police investigation,\" said Dr Mohan Khamgaonkar, superintendent of the hospital.Senior police inspector WT Wandre of Tehsil Police station said that the hospital authorities have so far played indifferent roles in the issue. \"There is a major issue of encroachment and other problems which have been left unresolved between the occupants of this servant's colony and people residing along the boundary wall on the other side,\" said Wandre. \"There have been attacks and counter aggression between the colony residents and people of the adjoining locality. The servants' colony residents too have thrashed a security guard of the hospital as he tried to intervene in a squabble,\" he said.Wandre said that police have already made some arrests but there is a counter demand of rounding up people from the other side too. \"We want names of people who are engaged in this fight but none is coming forward\" said Wandre. He added that a police picket has been deployed to keep a vigil. \"We now have a list of the mischief-mongers whom we are trying to nab as soon as possible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12224103", "title": "Ibobi Singh to retain Manipur CM's post", "text": "IMPHAL: The internal tussle over the selection of the Congress legislature wing leader in Manipur was put to rest with Okram Ibobi Singh reportedly having been selected for the top post, paving his way to become the chief minister of the state for the third consecutive time.Though Ibobi's selection has not been officially announced by the party, he was unanimously elected the CLP leader on Saturday evening, disclosed a senior Manipur PCC leader.The development came after Ibobi called separately on AICC president Sonia Gandhi , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Union home minister P Chidambaram and Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in the Capital, a senior legislator said over the phone on Sunday from Delhi.Ibobi is likely to be administered his oath and take over the office of the CM for the third consecutive term. The AICC will later finalize the cabinet berth.Back in Imphal, a highly-placed source in the PCC negated the report saying that no official announcement to this effect has been made. He nevertheless said the AICC leaders have consented to make Ibobi the CLP leader. \"Sunday being a holiday, there was no official announcement on naming the incumbent CM Ibobi Singh as CLP leader. By tomorrow or day after, it would be announced,\" he said.In the 60-member house, the ruling Congress won a landslide victory with 42 seats amid threats and intimidation from rebel outfits.Ibobi, who had air-dashed to New Delhi on Saturday, landed in Imphal on Sunday morning, sources said. Before Ibobi's New Delhi visit, PCC president and legislator Gaikhangam and commerce and industries minister Yumkham Erabot, who also vying for the top post, had already landed there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12224247", "title": "Narendra Modi praises visionary Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III", "text": "VADODARA: Chief minister Narendra Modi was all praises for Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III when he visited the city to flag off the grand procession organized to celebrate the king's 150th birth anniversary. Modi said that Sayajirao was a true visionary and that he had experienced the effect of the king's compulsory education rule for females. Modi said when he was moving around Dwarka that was under erstwhile Baroda state for spreading awareness about his government's Kanya Kelavani scheme, he met a group of females.\"I asked them how many from the group are educated. To my surprise, the women over 80 years of age raised their hands while their daughter-in-laws didn't. I asked them the reason for such contradiction. The older women said that they came from erstwhile Baroda state where primary education was compulsory for women,\" Modi told a cheering crowd.\"I am fortunate to have come from Vadnagar that was a part of erstwhile Baroda state. Till date, we remember Sayajirao before starting every auspicious event in Vadnagar. To be a source of inspiration for such a long period is a big thing and it speaks volumes about his personality,\" added Modi.He also said the British painted false images of Indian kings to retain their power. \"English writers only wrote about the lavish lifestyles of the rulers. But, there was little mention about the good work they did,\" Modi pointed out.\"Whenever any new IAS officer is posted in Gujarat by Centre, I make it a point to give him/her a book Minor Hints that has lectures delivered to Sayajirao by his dewan Sir T Madhavrao. It teaches a lot about quality administration and how to get best output from people,\" Modi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12215078", "title": "'Locals lost faith in Felipe Neri much before raids'", "text": "MARGAO: Dismissing claims made by former Velim MLA Felipe Neri Rodrigues that the recent raids on the parish priest of St Francis Xavier Church, Velim, were the turning point in the run-up to the election, supporters of new MLA Benjamin Silva said Rodrigues' loss was expected and that the anti-congress wave worked against him.While addressing mediapersons in Cumbarjua on Friday, Rodrigues had alleged that the raids were part of a conspiracy aimed at ensuring his defeat.However, members of the church committee told STOI on Saturday that the agitation post the raids had always remained apolitical and added that they never used the incident as a tool to influence voters. Silva refuted allegations and said that the public were only upset about issues such as the Regional Plan, medium of instruction and hence wanted a change.\"The former MLA did not enjoy the support of the villagers of Velim and nearby places long before the church incident and he is only making excuses now that he has lost the election, \" said a close aide of Silva.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12214857", "title": "Osteoporosis detection camp", "text": "The Loyola Ex-Students Association will organize a free osteoporosis detection camp on March 11, from 10am to 12.30pm, at Loyola High School, Margao, under the supervision of Dr Edwin Araujo.Presentation on the life of Jesus Christ at Oxel: The Choir of Oxel is conducting a sound-and-light presentation on the life of Jesus Christ near the Oxel church, Aradi-Siolim. Two shows are conducted daily, on prior appointment. Each show can accommodate 20 people. Entry is free. For details contact Sylvester Fernandes (Ph: 9823194861, 9049018448).TAME's mando festival at Margao: Tourism Airline Management Education (TAME), in association with the department of art and culture and Tiatr Academy Goa, will organize the '8th annual All Goa Mando Festival' on March 14, at 3.30pm, at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao, on Wednesday. Troupes that have confirmed their participation include Mando Mogi led by Pervez Gomes , Goenchim Noketrem led by Jina Mascarenhas Dias, Porvorechim Noketram, Porvorim, led by Lourenco Fernandes, Goenchim Kirnam Pernem led by Cosme Fernandes, Curtorechim Sallkam led by Jose Maria Da Silva, Aquenchim Surgam led by Philoo Cardozo and Goenchim Kirnam-Pernem led by Cosme Fernandes. Complimentary passes are available at TAME, Fatima Chambers, behind Fatima Convent school, Margao.Dak adalat on March 16: The senior superintendent of post offices, Goa division, Mapusa, will hold a division dak adalat at 2pm on March 16 at its office.Release of N Shivdas' books: Writer N Shivdas will release his three books in Konkani and Marathi on March 17, at 4.30pm, at Goa museum, Patto-Panaji. 'Latta Mandvichem' (Waves of Mandovi) and 'Babu' will be released at the hands of film producer Rajendra Talak. The president of Dalgado Konknni Akademi, Premanand Lotlikar, will release the second edition of 'Dharmayana'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12216067", "title": "Cricket academy set to become a reality by June", "text": "MANGALORE: Come June, the first cricket academy in this part of the state will become a reality on three acres of land belonging to Sahyadri Institute of Technology and Management ( SITAM) at Adyar on the outskirts of the city.The work of laying six turf wickets has already been completed and the cricket academy, managed by Dakshina Kannada Cricket Association (DKCA) in association with Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA), will be functional once the grass sowing process is completed. Srikanth Rai, president, DKCA told STOI that the training for the first batch would commence at Nehru Maidan in the city in April.\"The full-fledged cricket academy will be made functional at Adyar once the works of turf wickets and other facilities are completed,\" he said.The cricket academy would boost the spirit of cricketers in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts, he said. \"We would choose only those youths, who have cricketing talent in them and have the capacity to build a noteworthy future in cricket. There will be separate batches for under-14, 16, 19 and 25 age-group categories.The selection of candidates for training will be purely based on their performance and they will be given best training to shape them into best cricketers. Coaches from Bangalore will be invited to train cricketers in our academy,\" he said adding that lack of a full-fledged academy should not hurt the prospects of talented youngsters in the region.Earlier, KSCA secretary Javagal Srinath during his visit to the city last year had assured DKCA that the parent body would provide all support to organize cricket coaching camps for the youngsters here. At present, the nearest available turf wicket in the region is at Manipal in Udupi district, and is managed by a private university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12215473", "title": "Three die, five injured as van rams lorry", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Three persons including a 58-year-old woman were killed while five others from their family sustained severe injuries when the van they were travelling in rammed the rear of a lorry near Gangaikondan in Tirunelveli district on Saturday morning.The victims were on their way to a prayer meeting from Oddanchathram in Dindigul district to Tuticorin. The injured have been admitted in the government hospital at Tirunelveli.Police said Jebarani (58), her husband Jebadurai (60), a grocery merchant at Oddanchathram, along with their sons Stalin (30) and Alwin (25), daughter Nancy (22) and daughter-in-law Maple and Jebarani's brother Thomas had left from Oddanchathram in the van in the early hours of Saturday and were heading towards Nalumavadi village near Tiruchendur to attend a prayer meeting. The vehicle was being driven by Moses, who also hailed from Oddanchathram.The van was speeding on the four-lane highway near Gangaikondan around 5.30 am when a lorry heading from Pudukottai to a temple at Thirukurunkudi near Valliyur in Tirunelveli was moving in front. The lorry was laden with granite blocks meant for making sculptures.Police said the van driver was following the lorry closely and was attempting to overtake the lorry. However, the van rammed the rear of the lorry after the lorry driver suddenly slowed down the vehicle after spotting a tea shop, unaware of the trailing van. The front portion of the van was mangled beyond recognition in the impact of the collision. Thomas, Jebarani and Moses were crushed to death on the spot. Public in the proximity and motorists informed the police and fire and rescue services personnel who rushed to the spot rescued Jebadurai, Stalin, Alwin, Nancy and Noble who were trapped inside the vehicle. They were then rushed to the government hospital in Tirunelveli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12224538", "title": "Rampara Vidi gets gift of three lion cubs", "text": "RAJKOT: Three cubs born to a lioness at Rampara Vidi near here a week ago are healthy and so is their mother. This is a good news from conservation point of view with regard to Asiatic lions. Rampara Vidi centre, not accessible to people, was set up by the state forest department for preservation of gene pool (complete set of unique alleles in a species) of Asiatic lions.\"The cubs and the mother are being monitored through CCTV cameras and they are doing well. The weight of each cub is about 1.5 kg. They are under constant care of veterinary doctors,\" said a senior forest official.\"Earlier, in August, 2011, a lioness had given birth to three cubs- two females and a male. Now, another lioness has give birth to three cubs. This will add to the success of lion conservation project in the state. Some lions were shifted from Gir forest to Rampara Vidi in 2010 for gene pool conservation,'' the official said.There are now 14 Asiatic lions, including six cubs, at Rampara Vidi. Gir forest, the last abode of Asiatic lions, has an estimated population of 411 lions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12215913", "title": "Three members of Ganga panel quit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three non-official members in the PM-chaired National Ganga River Basin Authority, including `waterman' Rajendra Singh, resigned from the panel protesting against the government's inaction to tackle pollution in the river.The trio - Rajendra Singh of Tarun Bharat Sangh, Ravi Chopra of Peoples' Science Movement and R H Siddiqi, a retired professor of the Aligarh Muslim University - have said that the government's apathy towards the continuing fast by Professor G D Agarwal on the banks of Ganga in Varanasi has led them to quit the board.\"We are sending this letter of resignation as we are deeply concerned and worried about the fast deteriorating health condition of Professor G D Agarwal, an eminent scientist who served with distinction at IIT-Kanpur and Central Pollution Control Board. He has been consistently campaigning for several years to save the holy river Ganga. He had undertaken the fast on January 14, 2012, and has even stopped taking water from March 8, 2012. He is at present sitting at the bank of Ganga at Varanasi. His health is extremely critical. We have been requesting the Government to immediately intervene but no action has been taken so far,\" they cited.Criticizing the lack of action by the Authority that was set up with much fanfare about a year ago, they wrote, \"We may humbly point out that though the Authority has been constituted nearly three years back but it has met only twice. There has been no meeting for the last one and a half years in spite of our repeated requests. It is also on record that no worthwhile action has been taken by the Authority on any of the critical issues concerning the river Ganga.\"They added, \"In the circumstances, we consider it our duty towards the holy river Ganga and people of this country to resign as member of the National Ganga River Basin Authority forthwith and continue our movement for preservation and protection of the river in support of G D Agrawal.\"Agarwal's earlier fast had caught the media attention nationally, and compelled the government to assess dams upstream on the Ganga's tributaries and their impacts on flow of the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12224115", "title": "Surtis annoyed over LPG cylinder shortage", "text": "SURAT: Residents, particularly the housewives, are annoyed over shortage of LPG cylinders in the diamond city. According to an estimate, about 91,000 households in the city, who are dependent on the supply of LPG cylinders, are facing shortage for the past one month. The average waiting list of LPG agencies is 1,500.District supplies department sources said there were about 38 LPG agencies or dealers of Indian Oil Corporation ( IOC ), Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL) and Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) in the city. They cater to about seven lakh consumers.\"Unlike every year, this time around the winter season has extended, resulting in increased use of LPG in the households. This might have led to backlog in the monthly refill demand by LPG agency consumers,\" said a senior officer with the supplies department.Residents have been complaining that since the waiting period for LPG refill is getting longer, they are forced to purchase cylinders from black market by paying an additional Rs 300 to Rs 350.\"The usage of LPG increases in the winter season. Since there is a long waiting list with our dealer, there is no other option but to purchase cylinders from the black market,\" said Paresh Patel, a resident of Bhatar.For instance, an LPG cylinder containing 14.2 kg of gas costs Rs 413 for the registered consumer. But, the same cylinder is available for anything between Rs 700 to Rs 800 in the black market.Some gas companies have introduced online registration for refill cylinder for their customers to curb black marketing.Sources said a customer has to register his unique registration number with the respective gas company from his mobile or landline phone. The customer's refill request is registered by the company online and it is then sent to the respective dealer.\"We call it a centralized online registration process. We do not deal directly with the customers. The daily data for refill is sent to us by the company and we have to supply the cylinders to the customers accordingly,\" said an LPG dealer in Adajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12215020", "title": "Pradhan flies down to troubleshoot", "text": "BANGALORE: Ahead of former CM B S Yeddyurappa's show of strength in Hubli on Sunday, the BJP high command rushed BJP national general secretary Dharmendra Pradhan, who is in-charge of the party's Karnataka affairs, to do some troubleshooting.Following the HC verdict quashing the Lokayukta case against him, the former CM is demanding that he be made CM again. His contention is that the high command had promised to reinstate him if he came clean in the mining case, which was filed following the recommendations of former Lokayukta Justice N Santosh Hegde. Pradhan, who arrived in the city on Saturday along with BJP national organizing secretary Satish, met Yeddyurappa and held talks. Pradhan is likely to attend the Hubli meet organized by Yeddyurappa's supporters.Pradhan is also here to elicit the opinion of the state leadership about the candidates for Rajya Sabha polls on March 30. He will also campaign for the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypoll scheduled on March 18. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh/delhi", "code": "12216531", "title": "Man held in Delhi in Moga fake passport scam", "text": "CHANDIGARH/DELHI: The Punjab Police has arrested a man at the Delhi airport as soon as he landed from Portugal in connection with the Moga fake passport scam that came to light in 2008. Balkar Singh, a resident of Nawashahr, was arrested after he landed at the airport on March 8. He was produced in a local court in Delhi on March 9 that sent him to two days in police custody.According to police sources, Balkar Singh had allegedly gone to Saudi Arabia from where he proceeded to Denmark in 2005. When his passport expired, he allegedly managed to get it renewed on a fake address of Baghapurana in Moga district in 2005 through a travel agent in Chandigarh.Moga SSP Inderbir Singh, while refusing to comment on the development, only stated that the members of the special investigating team (SIT) are in Delhi.In the last four years, as many as 80 persons have been detained in connection with the scam, and several others remain under the scanner.Police officials said investigations had revealed that some criminals too had managed to procure passports on fake documents.Recently, the enforcement directorate had started proceedings against the three key accused in the Moga passport scam, all head -constables. The main accused -- Jaswinder Singh, Ranjit Singh and Gurdial Singh -- were arrested in the passport scam earlier.They have been charged with conniving with an official then (2008) posted in the Chandigarh passport office, a post office employee and a health department employee for making fake birth certificates for the issuance of passports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12214772", "title": "High court lawyer to head search panel for Gujarat University VC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: High court advocate Saurabh Amin has been appointed as the chairman of Gujarat University's search committee, which will find a replacement for Parimal Trivedi, whose term expires in June-end. The appointment of this panel's head is done by the Governor, who is also the chancellor of the varsity.MS University vice-chancellor Yogesh Singh and former VC of Saurashtra University Kamlesh Joshipura are the other two members of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12218257", "title": "Mahaguru\u2019s photo-op", "text": "Raja Chanda went to Mumbai to complete Mithun Chakraborty's dubbing for the film \" Ley Halua Ley\" but he came back with a double bonanza. Not only did he complete the dubbing with Mahaguru he also came back with a photo shoot for the film with the man himself. Says the director, \"When I went to Mumbai to meet Dada and finalize his dubbing schedule he said, 'On the first day, we will do photo-shoot for \"LHL\" as I am in the mood for it. Arrange it Raja, ASAP.' It came as a bolt from the blue. I had no clue about how to arrange it. But the saviour that Dada is, he took all the trouble himself and arranged the shoot, that too in his own office. From costumes to photographer, he arranged it all. He kept in mind the comic aspect of our story when he posed for the pictures during the shoot.\"But that wasn't the end of the story. Continues Raja, \"Dada sips tea from a cup which has Mithun embossed on it. He was browsing the pictures and asking, 'Ki Raja, parlam toh ami? Pass korechhi toh?' Imagine a person of his stature asking me such questions.\"As for Mithun, he too had a great time. He says, \"Don't ask questions while watching \"LHL\", which is a comedy of errors. Come to watch the film and laugh out loud. Once you go home, you will still be laughing your guts out. I can bet on it. I can't divulge much about my role. All I can say is, it's masti unlimited.\"Payel, who plays the female lead in the film was advised not to pose during the shoot. \"'Just be natural,' we were told,\" says Payel and adds, \"The three of us had a blast during the shoot and this chemistry has come out in the pictures. We were all in character.\"What's work sans some tiffin break. Needless to say the unit hogged on some yummy delights while canning the shots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12216024", "title": "IIM-Raipur makes rural stint must", "text": "BANGALORE: IIM-Raipur has made a rural stint mandatory for its students. Students of the Postgraduate Programme, the flagship course at Indian Institutes of Management, will have to spend one week in rural India 'to understand the spirit of true India'.\"Rural marketing is the buzzword. Many marketing managers are disconnected from the real world. When they plan to enter the rural market, they devise strategies sitting in corporate offices for a market they have seen only in 'Swades',\" said B S Sahay, director, IIM-Raipur.The course will be done in partnership with Padma Shri awardee from Chhattisgarh Pholbasan Yadav, who has been working with over 10,000 women on self-help groups.In this course, students are expected to take up a project of their choice and prepare a report on what new ideas can be implemented in the village. The programmme will be formally launched in the next academic session and students will spend one week in Rajnandgaon, Chhattisgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12216836", "title": "Soon, legislation to bind film industry", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government is planning to bind the cinema industry through a legislation which will bring all film-related activities under one roof.The Department of Cinema began pursuing the move aggressively after the repeated strikes by various organizations in the industry.The government move is also expected to tame theatres that fail to adhere to government specified standards.\"The government intends to set up a legislation for film making which would bring all the paraphernalia related to film production and screening under a single body like a directorate. I have already had discussions with the chief minister and the law minister in this regard,\" minister K B Ganesh Kumar told TOI.\"For example, the onus on licensing the projector operator lies with the Home Department; licence is issued by the Electrical Inspectorate, and theatres are under the direct supervision of the concerned local bodies. The legislation will bring all these multitude of powers under one single umbrella,\" Ganesh Kumar said.He said the Law Department had begun preparations to get the bill ready.\"Yes, we have been informed about such a move. We have not begun working on the legislation, but will begin once the government asks us to,\" law secretary C P Ramaraja Prema Prasad told TOI.The government is confined to the role of a mere interlocutor whenever there is friction between two organizations in the industry.\"At present the government does not have any control over the film industry. We do not want to remain a mute spectator when the industry is paralyzed,\" Ganesh Kumar said.The minister said the power of the local bodies would be limited to inspecting the cleanliness of toilets and other amenities in the theatres.\"Local bodies do not act against theatres that are in a bad shape owing to political pressure. So the government should have the necessary power to act against them,\" the minister said.However, local bodies will continue to collect the entertainment tax on movie tickets. Corporations levy 20% of the ticket charge as entertainment tax, and panchayats levy 15%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12215757", "title": "Engineer attends CM's video conference in 'drunken' state", "text": "INDORE: An engineer came to Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's video conference allegedly in an inebriated state on Saturday. Later, he was sent to the MY Hospital for a medical examination.The engineer, Mahendra Jain, works with the Rural Engineering Department at the commissioner's office in Indore. The \"sozzled\" engineer reportedly asked the credentials of a senior police official, who was already sitting at the venue of the conference, being held across the state.When asked, divisional commissioner Prabhat Parashar said the engineer came to the venue in an abnormal condition and was uttering meaningless words. He was sent to the hospital for medical examination.However, the commissioner added that he was still waiting for a reply from doctors before taking any action against the engineer. The commissioner said the engineer later called on him to apologize for his act. The engineer reportedly told the commissioner that he was depressed over his daughter's elopement. The Lokayukta police had raided the residence of the engineer on August 9 last year and found Rs 3.20 crore cash, valuables and properties disproportionate to his known sources of income.Later, MG Road police inspector Dilip Gangrade was called to take the engineer to the hospital for the medical check-up to ascertain if he was really drunk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12216548", "title": "Grand ceremony marks Tibetan uprising day anniversary", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Tibetans in exile on Saturday organized a grand ceremony to mark the Tibetan national upraising day anniversary at their main temple in McLeodganj. Besides the unfurling of the Tibetan flag, the Tibetan national anthem was sung and special prayers were held for martyrs who have sacrificed their life for the cause of Tibet.Other than Tibetans of every age group -- from kids to octogenarians -- a large number of foreigners too participated in the ceremony. Some foreigners, who had got inked 'free-Tibet' tattoos on their body, caught the attention of one and all. Most of the foreigners who participated in the ceremony are followers of the Dalai Lama, who consider themselves to be friends of Tibet. They also participated in the rallies organized by Tibetans.The function began around 9am at the Tsuglagkhang temple with artists from the Tibetan institute of performing arts playing music using their traditional instruments.After the Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama and foreign delegates reached the venue, the Tibetan national anthem was sung followed by the raising of the Tibetan national flag by their Prime Minister in exile.The gathering also observed a one minute silence as a mark of respect to Tibetan Martyrs, who immolated themselves, sacrificing their lives for the Tibetan cause.Meanwhile, the Tibetan family that started their walk from McLeodganj to Tibet on Saturday received an emotional see-off by Tibetans.\"We are very touched with their move, as they are going back to their homeland and every Tibetan-in-exile wishes that he returns to the home land one day,\" said Tendar Tsering, a Tibetan.The Tibetan family started their march titled, \"Dhasa to Lhasa,\" (Dhasa is the second name of the Mcleodganj on the lines of Lhasa, due to the large number of Tibetan exiles here) from the main temple.The family comprising, Tseten Dorjee (35), his sister Lham Kyi (18) and his mother Dongpo Kyi, was accompanied by a large number of Tibetans, who went with them till Dharamshala raising slogans in support of free Tibet. They have decided to go back to Tibet on foot through Nepal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12215527", "title": "Auto dealers struggle to meet rising demand for diesel cars", "text": "INDORE: Unable to meet the sudden spurt in demand for diesel cars, the city-based car dealers are putting pressure on the auto companies to increase production. However, the auto companies, say market experts, are waiting for the proposed hike in petrol prices and the forthcoming Union Budget before taking a call on the matter.The sales of diesel cars in the country rose by 30-35% over past one year following the frequent hike in petrol prices, which in turn increased the demand for diesel variants.The basic reason that forced the people to prefer diesel variants despite they are costlier by up to Rs 1.5 lakh than petrol models, was the expensive petrol, which is priced at Rs 71 per litre. The petrol car sales are expected to dip further with the government's plan to increase the price of petrol soon. Currently, the difference between petrol and diesel is about Rs 25 per litre. This is another reason why people go for diesel cars.If the petrol gets comparatively cheaper, the demand may shift to petrol-run cars, rather than the diesel ones, say experts. Secondly, the car manufacturers are waiting for the forthcoming Union Budget. There are talks that the Centre may increase the central excise tax on diesel cars by 4% to 12%. In case it happened so, it will make the diesel cars costlier and car buyers may turn to petrol models once again in future.Diesel variants of various car manufacturing companies are on a waiting period due to the mismatch in the supply and demand.Diesel model of Swift hatchback, the market leader in the segment, has the longest waiting period with about seven months followed by Hyundai Verna Fluidic (5-6 months), Maruti Suzuki Dzire and Hyundai i20 (4-6 weeks) models, said dealers of the respective auto companies in the city.Aditya Kasliwal, director, Kasliwal Hyundai, Indore, says, \"We have been constantly putting pressure on the company to increase the supply. But, they are waiting for two things to take a call. First, they are waiting for the proposed price hike of petrol and diesel so as to know the impact on the price gap between them. Secondly, they are also looking at the forthcoming Union Budget. We are selling nearly 100 cars per month and there was an increase of 25-30% for diesel cars at my showroom over past one year.\"The car manufacturing companies already announced their capacity expansion plans for the diesel cars. Honda Siel Cars India (HSCI) has started two-shift production to cut the waiting list of customers.Jayant K Patwa, promoter of Abhikaran Honda in Indore, said that supply of Brio hatchback and City sedan, which was disrupted due to floods in Thailand, has restarted. \"In line with the production resumption at HSCI's Greater Noida plant, we started receiving the New City (2012) and Honda Brio (2012) now,\" added he.Waiting period for diesel carsHyundai Verna Fludic - 5-6 monthsHyundai i20 - 4-6 weeksHyundai Santa Fe - 3 weeksHyundai New Sonata - 3 weeksSwift - 7 monthsDzire - 4 monthsRitz - 20 days", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12215326", "title": "Sacked bank clerk commits suicide", "text": "PUNE: A man, who was recently dismissed from his job as a clerk at an cooperative bank, committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling fan at his residence at Wanowrie on Friday night. The deceased has been identified as Sandeep Jambulkar (42) of Premanand Park on Shivarkar Road.Senior inspector Bajirao Mohite of the Wanowrie police station said on Saturday that Jambhulkar, who had obtained a bank loan, was facing severe financial crisis after his job at the bank was terminated last year.Mohite said Jambulkar used a rope for committing suicide.A xerox copy of a suicide note recovered said he was ending his life due to alleged harassment from the bank officials and others, Mohite added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12215232", "title": "Staggered traffic trial to begin", "text": "GURGAON: The proposed 'staggered traffic flow management' on the 32-lane toll plaza on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway is likely to start next week on a trial basis. The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has claimed to have got the necessary permission for switching over to the new system from the NHAI.HUDA officials claimed that they would videograph the entire trial run which is being done with the objective of decongesting traffic flow at the toll plaza. HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar has written to the NHAI chairman about the new traffic management system.Under this plan, there will be separate S-shaped staggered tracks and additional toll collection point a little ahead of the existing toll collection points on both sides of the expressway. Sources in HUDA said that the permission for trial run has been obtained from NHAI and the authorities concerned in consultation with traffic police would plan the date and timing of the trial run.The staggered traffic flow management system will see the use of plastic partitions and the toll collector will use digital handheld machines for collecting toll, and the payment receipts will be given to the commuters. During peak hours, the toll plaza witnesses huge congestion with vehicles queuing for as long as two kilometres from the toll gates.The new line of the toll counters will have 12 lanes and counters where the toll will be collected. After that, the vehicles will pass through S-shaped tracks linking to free passage on the left side of the existing toll gates. On the left side, three existing counters will be removed to create ample space and ensure smooth passage for the traffic coming from the S-shaped tracks.The new row of toll collection points will also have four lanes going directly to the existing toll counters. The traffic using these four lanes will freely move towards the existing toll collection points and then move further. As per the new plan, six lanes located on extreme left side will be removed during the trial run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12220894", "title": "Kanchan Ghosh's 'Shwet' wins Jury's special mention", "text": "Allahabadi director Kanchan Ghosh is in the news once again for his accomplishments.And this time for his movie 'Shwet', which has won Jury's special mention in the film festival organized by kerala-based and one of the most reputed organizations of the country, Federation of Film Society India ( FFSI). The movie will now compete internationally for the awards in Mediterranean festival, Greece, schedule to happen on the 27th of this month.\"This is a great honor for me,\" avers the producer and director of the movie Kanchan Ghosh, who was quite delighted with the announcement, adding, \"I worked very hard for this project which highlights how in the quest to serve their own purpose people tend to neglect the feelings and problems of the others.\"'Shwet' is a story of a farmer who faces a number of tragedies in his life, but instead of consoling and sympathizing with him, when a director gets to know about his painful life, wants to make a movie on it. He finally drops the idea to make the movie after he goes deep into his life and realizes that his feelings will be hurt if he makes a movie on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12216413", "title": "Action, India", "text": "Hindi film-makers scouting around for exotic locales across Europe might have been a tad surprised that a Hollywood movie showcasing the slums of Mumbai would go on to win multiple Oscar awards. And nobody who watched Mission Impossible over a decade ago would have imagined that scenes from one of its sequels would be shot in India. Not so long back, action hero Jackie Chan was in the country to promote The Myth, a portion of which was shot in Hampi.So has the West woken up to the Indian landscape as a backdrop for Hollywood cinema? \"India is certainly a flavour that the international market can bank on,\" says actor Sid Makkar, who recently finished work on the Judi Dench-starrer The Great Exotic Marigold Hotel, a film based largely in India and directed by John Madden of Shakespeare in Love-fame . In addition to tapping into India's large English-speaking market, Hollywood directors are also giving Western audiences a slice of India , much the way Hollywood has shaped the urban Indian perceptions about the US, says Makkar.Big budget foreign films tend to pay both their actors and technicians better than the regular Indian pay-scales , he adds. The economics of shooting a film in India works well for Western film-makers , too, says trade analyst Taran Adarsh, who believes India is a cheaper place to shoot a film than, say, Europe or the US.Unlike shooting in other countries, which may be unfamiliar with cinema and have little technical manpower available to shoot a film, Makkar believes that India's thriving film industry provides Western filmmakers easy access to production units, equipment and manpower. This holds true not just for places like Mumbai but for the rest of India as well, which is home to several regional film-industries . Filmmaker Pooja Desai points to Hyderabad's Ramoji Rao studio, where one can walk in with an idea and walk out with a film. \"There are four large film industries in South India, not to mention indigenous industries in regions like UP and Bihar. If I were to shoot at a hill-station , I would ensure that it was close to a state that has it's own film-industry , so if my equipment fails, I'd have back-up close at hand,\" she adds.The recent crop of made-in-India Hol lywood films has much to do with their content, which is increasingly Indian. \"They're not depicting Los Angeles in India,\" says Desai. And when filmmakers from abroad aren't showcasing India to the Western world, they're busy rec reating Pakistan here. The scenes from Pakistan in A Mighty Heart, the Holly wood film on slain Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl, were shot in Pune. When Kathryn Bigelow, director of the Academy Award winner The Hurt Lock er, decided to shoot a film on the killing of al-Qaida leader Osama Bin Laden, it was pretty obvious that she would not be able to enter Osama's den in Pakistan for her film. Not surprisingly, she is now in the midst of creating scenes from Ab botabad in Manimajra, Chandigarh.Bigelow's stint in Chandigarh has brought in revenue for local producers like Darshan Aulakh, who heads his own unit, Darshan Aulakh Productions. His production house has managed to get the required permissions for Bigelow's shoot, and has also helped source junior artists to create 'crowd scenes' . \"While they are paying us the standard rate that we charge for production, they're a lot more professional than Indian filmmak ers when it comes to time and money. For instance, if the shoot is scheduled for eight hours but we end up shooting for 12 hours, they will pay us for the extra time we put in. In Indian films, there is no concept of over-time ,\" says Aulakh He also believes that Western filmmak ers show a great deal more respect to the technicians they work with than Indian filmmakers do.But Siddharth Sirohi, a production designer for Indian and international films, is quick to point out that India is not the easiest place to shoot a film That's something he ought to know. He was part of the crew for Canadian film maker Deepa Mehta's Water, a film on the lives of widows in Varanasi. \"The crew was heckled by goons sent by a local politician who accused the film-makers of showing Indian women in poor light, without ever having read the script,\" he says. Another reason for In dia being a difficult destination for for eign film-makers is that the Indian film industry is structured very differently from the industry abroad. \"In India, for instance, an assistant director reports to the director, and is involved in the creative side of a film, whereas abroad he is the producer's man,\" says Sirohi.The mob that gathers on the streets at the sight of a camera does not make it any easier to make a film in India. But that, many firangi film-makers will tell you, is part of the passage to India. And from the way they are making a beeline for our locales, they must be having a lot of fun doing that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12224139", "title": "JVM-P RS bid triggers rift with ally Congress", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) on Sunday announced Praveen Singh as its candidate for the coming Rajya Sabha election, bringing the rift between the party and its ally, the Congress, to the fore.Two seats of the upper House of Parliament will become vacant from Jharkhand on April 2. Voting for the two seats will take place on March 30.JVM-P leader in the Jharkhand assembly Pradeep Yadav made the announcement after a meeting chaired by party chief Babulal Marandi . All the MLAs and senior officer-bearers of the party were also present.\"In the last Rajya Sabha election, we supported the Congress candidate and now we want them to support us,\" said Yadav.On how the party will garner support of 27 MLAs - the JVM-P has 11 MLAs and the Congress has 13 - to ensure victory of Singh, Yadav said they would seek the help from other secular parties including the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) which has five legislators in the 81-member assembly. At present one seat is vacant.Reacting sharply on the unilateral decision of its ally, the Congress said one seat would become vacant with the retirement of party MP Mabel Rebello and the JVM-P should have not announced its candidate without consultation.\"The seat belongs to the Congress and we have more MLAs in the house. We are still hopeful that all secular parties, including the JVM-P, will support our nominee even after it announces its candidate,\" said Sinha.The Congress did not take any decision on taking action against sitting Garhwa MLA S N Tiwary who is in jail in connection with the Rs 100-crore bitumen scam. The MLA is the director of a road construction company and is accused of withdrawing around Rs 1.24 crore by using fake documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "tirupur", "code": "12215921", "title": "Cops produce Alukkas heist accused in court", "text": "TIRUPUR: Three men arrested by Tirupur police from West Bengal were produced in judicial magistrate court I on Saturday in connection with the heist at the Alukkas jewellery shop here on February 20 and remanded to judicial custody till March 25.The men were identified as Zia-Ul-Sheik, 28 of Sahibganj in Jharkhand , Mir Raj Ali, 30, and Hakkim Ul Sheik, 27, from Farakka in West Bengal. According to the police, these three men did not enter the shop and hence fingerprints lifted from the scene did not match with prints taken from them. Sheik was on guard outside the shop whereas the other two had supplied the gas cylinder that the burglars used to break into the shop, police claimed.Four members of the gang who entered the shop and lifted gold jewels weighing 38 kg and estimated to be worth Rs 10 crore are absconding, police said. These men were identified as Abdul Sheik, 30, Bolo Mandal, 30 and Thobajul Mandal, 30, and Ryaz Sheik, 28. Another person involved in the robbery is yet to be identified.Addressing the media, Tirupur superintendent of police V Balakrishnan said, \"Four of the gang members had come to Coimbatore on February 8 and were staying in a lodge. They made a recce of jewellery shops in Oppanakara Street, Raja Street and Cross Cut Road. They checked the shops for security and light arrangement. They also looked for convenient avenues to escape after burglary. After they felt that Coimbatore shops were secure, they moved to Tirupur on February 13.\" In Tirupur, two of the gang members booked into Ramalakshmi Hotel. Two others also stayed in the hotel without informing the hotel staff. They used to eat in a mess behind the Alukkas shop and had bought an LPG cylinder from a man in Tirupur.Abdul Sheik, considered the mastermind , and another accused went to Alukkas shop and purchased a ring. The CCTV in the shop has a recording of their visit. They asked friends to join them in Tirupur and robbed the store on February 20, police said.Four of the gang members broke into the shop while two others stood on guard outside the shop. It took two hours to rob the store. They vacated the hotel in Tirupur and took a bus from the New Bus Stand to Salem. They moved on to Katpadi from Salem and then to Andhra Pradesh.According to Balakrishnan, a part of the loot was smuggled across to Bangladesh . \"As it is difficult for us to recover the jewels stolen, we have asked the BSF to be vigilant,\" he said.The LPG cylinder was left behind by the gang. Police traced the man who sold them the cylinder, who told the police that gang members spoke in Hindi mixed with Bengali. An oxygen cylinder was also found in the scene of crime and was found to have been bought in Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12216667", "title": "Reds urge Andhra traders to resume business in Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: The Maoists have reportedly urged traders from Andhra Pradesh to do business in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon blocks of the district. Businessmen from the neighbouring state used to visit markets of Bandhugaon on the inter-state border frequently till the recent murder of a few traders and civilians in the twin blocks by the Naxals on charges of being police informers.The left wing extremists, in a recent meeting held at a forest near Borgi in Narayanpatna, decided to allow traders from Andhra to do business in the area without any fear. However, they have been warned not to exploit the tribal farmers. \"The Maoists have warned the traders not to exploit the tribals while purchasing various minor forest products from them,\" a source at Bandhugaon said.Admitting that the Maoists had assembled at a forest in Borgi, a senior police officer of the district said, \"The Maoists may be trying to extort money from the traders from the neighbouring state, or aiming to get logistics support from them. We are keeping a close watch on the developments.\"\"Business in the area has been hit following growing Maoist violence in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon. Not only have the traders from Andhra Pradesh stopped visiting the local markets, they have stopped supplying items to the local traders. Tribals and small farmers are the worst affected lot as they used to sell their produce to the traders from the neighbouring state,\" a source at Bandhugaon said. Sources said though there was no specific warning from the Maoists to the traders, they were panicked over the growing Naxal violence in the twin blocks, and kept away from the border area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12216661", "title": "Corporate houses hire sleuths to tap calls of executives", "text": "MUMBAI: It's not only ambitious professionals or suspicious partners who set private detectives on their rivals or spouses . Even some top-bracket firms nowadays hire retired or serving police officers as well as private detectives, who have \"access \" to cellphone service providers, to snoop on senior employees who are in a position to take decisions that may affect the company's future.Recently, the police busted a group of private detectives who allegedly sold illegally obtained call records to their clients. During investigations , police learnt that among the clients were corporate houses who hired the detectives to track the movement of their rivals as well as senior executives of their companies . An officer said while an employer had asked for details of one his senior executive's frequent foreign visits, others would want to \"ensure that their senior executives did not betray them\" . The call detail records ( CDR) includes a user's entire incoming-outgoing call numbers' list, duration of talk and the approximate location of the mobile owner during a call.TOI found out even from individuals who admitted that many corporate houses were involved in such practices but kept it under wraps. These corporate houses usually hire the services of certain companies that illegally do a backg ro u n d check on \" target \" executives or firms, but with more sop histication than detectives, that is, they make sure that the identity of their clients were never divulged. According to the police, cellphones have made the job for such individuals as well as detective firms easier as \"tracking a suspect's movement with the help of call records is a rather accurate and inexpensive process\" , making it high in demand. The officer explained , \"If you know the routine of a senior executive or a VIP, such as when he usually calls on which numbers , for how long he speaks with that person and his locations during each call, it helps, to some extent, ascertain the rapport between the caller and the receiver.\"But detective agencies cannot keep their job profile completely away from the public eyes as most of them post on their website that they have several corporate houses and banking as well as insurance firms as their client and that they are into \"mobile investigation\" , which is nothing but illegal analysis of call records, a source said.The growing demand for such \"monitoring\" has apparently opened up more opportunities for retired police officers, who earlier would only be employed by private firms-ostensibly caught in a trouble-to liaison with government agencies .Nowadays, they had started tapping the snooping business , as policemen could analyze mobile records better then anyone, had the right contacts to get these target's call records faster than others and could maintain secrecy, a source said. Alarmed by the alleged trend, a senior IPS officer said, \"If this is true, it is very dangerous. The government should immediately intervene to stop such illegal activities.\"When told about two Delhi policemen who were found allegedly misusing their office and tapping certain people's phone records, former IPS officerturned-lawyer Y P Singh said, \"If an officer is found getting call records of someone who is not connected in any criminal case and it is proved that he did it with an ulterior motive, the officer should be liable for department action. The person whose privacy has been violated can sue such an officer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12215928", "title": "Rousing celebrations hail Akhilesh's elevation", "text": "LUCKNOW: Jubilant Samajwadi Party workers erupted into celebrations outside the party office on Vikramaditya Marg as the news of Akhilesh being named leader of the legislature party trickled in on Saturday noon.Supporters carrying placards that read \"We love you Mulayam Singh Yadav\" had been waiting anxiously to know the outcome of the party's parliamentary board meeting. Many had arrived in the morning only to find the main gate closed. The media too had been camping outside the party office since morning.And, as it was officially announced that Akhilesh will become UP's youngest chief minister, supporters began dancing and bursting crackers.Outside the SP office at 19 Vikramaditya Marg, a stall had been put up to distribute sweets. In fact, from the very moment the meeting started, supporters were sure that Akhilesh will be the next chief minister.\"We are thankful to Netaji (Mulayam Singh) to hand over the charge to Akhileshji. We have been supporting and will continue to support the decision of Netaji,\" said Shiv Kumar Goswami, member, state executive committee of Samajwadi Party. A resident of Kashtisarai in Nagina constituency, Goswami said it was the energy of Akhilesh that has catapulted the party to this position. In 2007, all eights seats in Bijnor were won by BSP. This time, SP bagged two seats -- Nagina and Dhampur.\"We were quite confident of the thumping victory. These celebrations do not surprise us. They were very much there from the day one,\" said SP state secretary Ramesh Prajapati who had come from Modinagar in JP Nagar.The entire Vikramaditya Marg, which has many official bungalows of ministers and senior officers, was choked following heavy rush of vehicles carrying SP supporters.The supporters later followed the cavalcade of Akhilesh who visited the Raj Bhawan after the meeting of the SP legislature party.The supporters assembled outside the Raj Bhawan and waited with bouquets for their leaders to come out. The workers raised slogans as soon as the cavalcade emerged from the governor house.Supporters said they will support every decision of Mulayam Singh Yadav and added that even Akhilesh's elevation to the post of CM has been hailed across the state. \"We hope that Akhilesh will carry forward the policies of Netaji,'' said a supporter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12216512", "title": "Clear away the family cobwebs", "text": "The Congress doesn't seem to like advice much. They project themselves as the perfect party led by a wonderful family that can do no wrong. After all, they have remained in power more than anyone else.It is also a party where nobody opens their mouth, even if the emperor has no clothes on. They speak pre-rehearsed messages, which glorify the Gandhi family and bash all opposition. No Congress party member speaks his mind, or comes across as having any sense of personal conviction. Ask them a question about the Gandhi family and they freeze up. It is understandable. A Congressperson's nightmare is the first family being upset with him or her. An ex-CM confessed to me once on how a mere stern look by Sonia Gandhi could cause him nightmares for weeks. For if you fall in her books, decades of hard work would come to nothing. Thus, any career conscious Congressperson would always ingratiate the family.This nice happy arrangement worked, but it seems to be falling apart now. The setup operated because of one thing - the absolute charisma of the Gandhi family. Put them in front of Indians and they would, almost in reflex, vote for the Congress. Such a magicwand family was priceless. You could be inept, corrupt, arrogant, inaccessible, but come election day, one flashy smile from the family and the votes would come pouring in.However, that is not the case anymore. The first family cannot help the Congress party win elections. In fact, they could not even make their party win in their own constituencies of Amethi and Rae Bareli. This shocking and significant development will cause a permanent, tectonic shift in Indian politics for times to come.Does that mean all hope is lost for Congress? Not really. They can readjust, but that would take a major restructuring within the party, including taking some decisions that were unmentionable a few years ago. But first, let us see what has led to this situation. Rahul Gandhi , seen as the ultimate youth leader three years ago, is unable to win elections for the party. In fact whether Bihar or UP, where he is involved, the party loses miserably. Why?The most important reason is the rise of regional stars, fuelled by the electorate's need for a leader who will understand local issues. India is truly turning federal now, where people look to their state CM's for progress and meeting their needs. This is mainly because India is large and diverse. The issues in Kerala are different from those in Chhattisgarh. Second, the Congress has kept such a weak PM for the last decade, that people have lost faith in that position. A PM today is akin to our President, more a ceremonial position. By demeaning the PM's post, the Congress has brought this upon themselves. People want their own local star CM. The Congress, with its culture of sycophancy and hoarding power at the top, is deeply ineffective in making local stars, particularly in big states. Where they have - in Delhi and Assam , they have reaped dividends.Of course, other issues like corruption have also made a dent, but more than the corruption, arrogance and lack of repentance have irritated voters. The first family or the PM never talks to the media. Neither do they give confidence on the party's set of values. There is no moral compass guiding the party. It is all about stage management, the underlying assumption being people are fools, and somehow we have to wing it in elections with gimmicks like quotas. The PM should have resigned over such massive scam. The first family should have apologized to the nation for violating their trust. Yet, they continue to pretend everything is normal and shield the corrupt, hoping the issue will pass. Can the quest for an honest society based on good values ever pass? Who are they fooling but themselves? Today thus, we are in a situation where local stars inspire faith, and the family has lost credibility.So what should the Congress do? Well, replacing Rahul with Priyanka is not the answer. More than anything, if the Congress or for that matter any national party wants to stay relevant and in sync with people, they have to change the power order within the party. They simply have to turn into managers of local stars, rather than having one family shine at the top. Next, they must have a strong PM, not just in oratory, but in policy making powers. You cannot turn the highest office of the country into a joke. Even with good CMs, a good PM is required to ensure too many regional parties do not make things unstable.Finally, the role of the family must change. They should work out a gradual, phase-wise schedule of handing over power to people down below - Congressmen who actually do the work and deserve to be leaders. The family's best bet in future is to remain as the moral compass of the party, enforcing good values and throwing out people who don't adhere to them. The family should not become a spent force shielding the corrupt, campaigning non-stop or trying to hoard power. And yes, they should be accessible and talk. What say Congress people? Or do you need to check at the top first?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12216839", "title": "Uttamrao Patil passes away", "text": "YAVATMAL: Six-time Lok Sabha member from Yavatmal Uttamrao Patil died of cardiac arrest at a private hospital in Nagpur on Saturday at 6.40pm. He was 67.Earlier he had suffered a stroke and undergone by-pass surgery. On March 2 he suffered another stroke during a function held to felicitate the newly elected members of panchayat samiti and zilla parishad of Nationalist Congress Party at Kolhe Hall in Yavatmal. He was initially admitted to local Criti Care hospital and from where he was shifted to Aditya Critical Care hospital, Ramdaspeth in Nagpur.His body will be brought to Yavatmal and kept for public to pay homage till 10am on Sunday. Thereafter his body would be taken to his native village Loni, 25km from the city, where the funeral would be held at 2pm.He was first elected to the state assembly from Digras. His father Deorao Patil was Lok Sabha member from Yavatmal for two terms and after his demise, Uttamrao had contested the LS seat of Yavatmal and won six times. He was defeated once by Haribhau Rathod of BJP.He leaves behind wife Susheela, a daughter and two sons - Rajendra and Manish. His elder brother Gulabrao Patil was a judge of Mumbai High Court and his younger brother Jeevan Patil is a CA in Akola.His younger son Manish is the president of the Yavatmal District Central Co-Operative Bank.He and his family were in the list of loyalists in the Congress Party and he and his father were too close to the Gandhi family.However, in the recent past, he felt that he and his followers were sidelined and humiliated by the MPCC President Manikrao Thakre and his associates and when there was no solution for it, Uttamrao Patil finally decided to quit Congress and later joined the NCP in the month of November 2011.Uttmarao Patil was not even happy with the unwanted comments often made by the younger generation of the NCP and protested it in private.Many leaders from all walks of life are sending their condolence messages to this office at the sudden demise of their beloved leader.Uttamrao nurtured and served the Congress Party for a life time but left it only four months ago with a hope of getting a dignified treatment from the new Party NCP. (EOM)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12215488", "title": "Hubbys of women AIADMK councillors play boss in Musiri", "text": "TRICHY: In what can be considered oppression of women, the husbands of four women councillors belonging to the AIADMK in Musiri panchayat union attended the bimonthly council meeting instead of their wives who were absent at Musiri in Trichy on Friday.The council meeting of 18 members was chaired by Musiri panchayat union elected chairman K Saraswathy (37) of the AIADMK. It was a regular meeting being conducted once in 60 days. The AIADMK had won 13 councillor seats including five women representatives, while the DMK managed to capture only five in the local body elections last October.When the meeting commenced on Friday evening, four AIADMK women councilors --- Chandra of Thinnakonam, Thangarani of Thiruthalaiyur, Mayili of Perur and Rathika of Kodunthurai did not turn up. Surprisingly, Balachandar, Muthuselvan and Sakthivel, the husbands of Chandra, Mayili and Rathika respectively, attended the council meeting. Ravikumar, a relative of Thangarani, was present instead of her.This is in gross violation of the proceedings of the council despite chief minister and AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa recently mandating that husbands and relatives of women elected representatives refrain from exerting any influence in political affairs.But neither the chairman Saraswathi nor the block development officer Chandrasekar prevented the proxies from attending the meeting. Unfortunately, the DMK councillors also remained mute spectators. When reporters asked them they \"realized their ignorance\" about the rules and promised to raise the issue next time.When TOI contacted Saraswathi, her husband P Krishnan (49) replied instead of her. He said two councillors Chandra and Thangarani did not make it as the former fell sick and the latter went to the temple. He said they, as husbands, were \"just present to witness\" the council meeting and had not come as substitutes for their wives.D Panner Selvam, assistant block development officer (ABDO), in a cover-up, denied any such incident saying all the four councillors took part in the council meeting and that the husbands just watched on.Suddenly, he took an about turn saying he left the meeting before it was concluded and was not in complete knowledge of events. BDO Chandrasekar, however, knew the entire story but chose to stay aloof from the media on this issue. Repeated attempts to elicit a response from Chandrasekar went in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216588", "title": "Massive preparations on for swearing-in ceremony", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Five helipads, 1,500-odd VVIPs and VIPs and food packets for 20,000 public gathering -- These are part of the massive preparations for the oath-taking ceremony of SAD-BJP alliance ministry for the second consecutive term, at Baba Banda Singh Bahadur war memorial at Chappar Chiri village in Mohali, about 20 km from here.Bikram Majithia, president of Youth Akali Dal and brother-in-law of SAD president Sukhbir Badal, has taken on the responsibility of turning the event into a successful gala show where at least seven-eight CMs of non-Congress ruled states, at least one Union minister and the NDA leadership are likely to put in their presence.Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal is reported to have personally called up 12 CMs and invited them for the ceremony. A former minister of Pakistan's Punjab, Mian Manzoor Ahmed, and a former MP of Pakistan, Rai Aziz Ullah Khan, have also been invited for the ceremony, sources said.Bikram, along with Dera Bassi MLA and prominent land developer N K Sharma, is learnt to be camping at the site, directing DC Varun Roojam and SSP Gurpreet Bhullar for ensuring a no-hassle show.Chief secretary S C Aggarwal on Saturday held a meeting to finalise the details of the function, which would start with national anthem, followed by the oath-taking ceremony and would conclude with the police band playing national anthem.The entire senior NDA leadership, including L K Advani, leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj and RS member Arun Jaitley , would be arriving in Punjab on March 14. West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee is learned to have accepted the invite of Badal, who had personally called her up.Jharkhand CM Arjun Munda , J&K; CM and Sukhbir's school mate in Sanawar, Omar Abdullah , and his father and cabinet minister Farooq Abdullah, Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Chauhan and Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa have been sent invites for the ceremony.List of VVIP invitees who are likely to come -CM Gujarat - Narendra ModiCM J &amp; K - Omar AbdullahCM Himachal Pradesh - Prem Kumar DhumalCM Bihar - Nitish KumarCM Jharkhand - Arjun MundaCM West Bengal - Mamata BanerjeeCM Madhya Pradesh - Shivraj ChauhanCM Tamil Nadu - J Jayalalithaa (her emissary likely to come)CM Goa - Manohar ParrikarCM Karnataka - Sadanand GowdaCM Andhra Pradesh - Kiran Kumar ReddyCM Kerala - Oommen ChandyUnion minister - Farooq AbdullahMP and former Dy PM - L K ADvaniLeader of opposition - Sushma SwarajFormer CM Rajasthan - Vasundhra RajeFormer CM Haryana - O P Chautala", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216799", "title": "Forced to work, sick railway staffer dies of heart attack", "text": "NAGPUR: Shortage of staff at the workshop of the mechanical engineer (diesel), South East Central Railway (SECR), Motibagh, proved fatal for 57-year-old Sagar Prasad. Despite ill health, Prasad was forced to attend line duty at Nainpur on Friday. He suffered cardiac arrest late in the evening at Nainpur railway station in Madhya Pradesh and died. On Saturday, two of Prasad's seniors were suspended as SECR initiated a probe into the death.According to SECR employees, Prasad was a grade-I mechanic (electric maintenance) and had been assigned to maintenance of railway engines. However, he was not well since the last couple of days. On Friday morning Prasad had sent a message to his seniors and requested them to sanction medical leave. But his seniors, including senior section engineer KK Roy and junior engineer Vijay Badse, refused his plea for sick leave.\"Instead, they deputed him on line duty on Nainpur train. At 1pm, he left in a diesel engine for Nainpur, which reached there at around 8.30pm, where his health condition deteriorated,\" said additional general secretary of South East Central Railway Men Union (SECRMU) Kumar Newar.Despite his poor health, Prasad was not provided medical help even at Nainpur railway station. \"Due to delay by railway staff in realizing the emergency, he breathed his last at around 10pm,\" claimed Newar. Prasad, a native of Allahabad, is survived by wife and three sons.On Saturday morning, SECR employees staged a demonstration outside the office of the mechanical engineer (diesel) SECR at Motibagh diesel shed. They demanded immediate suspension of Badse and Roy. The union alleged that staff working here are under severe pressure. Against the sanctioned strength of 450, only 340 employees are working here, they said. In the past too, technician MG Mulay had expired on duty. allegedly due to work pressure.Terming Prasad's death as very unfortunate, SECR divisional railway manager SL Verma told TOI that he has already ordered an inquiry into the matter. He admitted that Prasad was not willing to go on line duty. \"But he had to go due to staff crunch,\" said Verma.Meanwhile, divisional mechanical engineer Ganesh Sarkar told TOI that both Roy and Badse have been suspended and they will soon be transferred from Motibagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12220767", "title": "Ajay, Arjan down with stomach infection", "text": "Actors Ajay Devgn and Arjan Bajwa are down with stomach infection at an outdoor localeThese days Ajay Devgn is busy shooting for Ashwani Dhir's romantic comedy, Son of Sardar. He has the company of model turned actor Arjan Bajwa who is also part of the film. The crew is in Patiala right now for a one month schedule but this might not be a very pleasant trip for the actor.A source reveals that the Ajay has been suffering from a stomach infection. The source says, \"Both the actors Ajay and Arjan have been sick for sometime following a stomach infection which might have been triggered by some food poisoning.\" We surely hope that the actors get well soon.Meanwhile, both Ajay and Arjan have been bonding big time on the sets. The source adds, \"Arjan looks up to Ajay and Ajay too has been quite supportive and been taking a keen interest in what Arjan has been doing.\" Arjan must be glad to have an actor of Ajay's caliber around him to look up to and seek advice from.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gill road", "code": "12216942", "title": "A reunion after 50 golden years", "text": "GILL ROAD: Meeting after 50 years, the old students of Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College (GNDEC) could hardly recognize each other, but when they got talking, the camaraderie was just the same. On Saturday, GNDEC celebrated its golden jubilee alumni meet. Retired engineers from the class of 1962, gathered in the Genco Alumni Bhawan and accompanied each other down memory lane. Four had come from USA and Canada especially to attend the meet.The programme began with a round of introduction and a time when the old students shared their experiences in college and with friends. Some sang songs like they used to as students and recited poems too.Overjoyed to meet his old friends, a retired chief engineer from power department Gurcharan Singh, who stays in BRS Nagar said, ''The tradition of organizing alumni meet was only started last year. It is a great feeling to see old batchmates together. The chemistry seems just the same.'' He admitted that initially it was difficult for them to recognize each other but gradually as pranks and memories tumbled out they felt like it was ''yesterday once more.''Balbir Singh, another retired engineer staying in BRS Nagar, said there were a total of 160 students in their batch of 1958-62 at Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College but only 35 could come for the meet.''Some of us are settled in foreign countries while some have passed away. Yet, we had a great time as we called out each other's pet names. We also organize an annual meet where all old students of the college gather so we had constructed the alumni bhawan and are planning to expand it,'' he said.The college rock band performed for old students and they had lunch together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12223099", "title": "Glaucoma awareness walk held", "text": "PATNA: Eminent ophthalmologists of the state on Sunday participated in the Glaucoma awareness walk from Kargil Chowk as part of the World Glaucoma Week being organized here under the aegis of Bihar Ophthalmological Society.The walk, which was flagged off by Senior SP, Patna, Alok Kumar, was part of the society's awareness campaign about glaucoma, considered as a silent eye disease leading to irreversible blindness by the time patient becomes aware, as it does not produce any symptom. Dr Sunil Kumar Singh, editor of an eye journal, said that the high risk people are those aged 40 and above, patients with eye injury, those taking oral drug (steroids), diabetes , hypertension, those suffering from thyroid and frequent changes of glass etc.The society's secretary, Dr Nagendra Prasad, said that the aim of the walk was to make people aware of this disease because early detection and treatment can halt the disease. Prominent among those who participated in the walk included Dr Subhash Prasad, Dr Pranav Ranjan, Dr Ranjana, Dr Anita, Dr Bibhuti Prasad Sinha and Dr Satyajit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12224065", "title": "Sanskrit scholar flays BHU decision to felicitate Big B", "text": "VARANASI: Renowned Sanskrit scholar Mahamahopadhyaya BPT Vagish Shastri has condemned the Banaras Hindu University (BHU) academic council's decision to confer DLit on Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan during the proposed 94th convocation of the varsity. Talking to journalists on Sunday, Shastri, who was in limelight when famous pop singer Madonna had contacted him in 1998 to learn correct pronunciation of Sanskrit shlokas for using in her song, said, \"It is shocking that the varsity officials have forgotten the promise made by its founder late Pt Mahamana Madan Mohan Malviya to the donors, who donated money and land for opening the BHU, that this institution would work forever to protect the culture of country.\" He said that felicitating Amitabh Bachchan at the same university is like overlooking the same promise of the varsity's founder. \"How can be a person (Amitabh Bachchan) who is now endorsing products in which the possibility of adulteration cannot be denied can be felicitated at an institution that is known as Sarva-Vidya Ki Rajdhani (capital of knowledge),\" said Shastri. However, he avoided taking name of any product in which adulteration is possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12215396", "title": "Beauticians for stricter licencing norms", "text": "PUNE: The Association of Beauty Therapy and Cosmetology (ABTC) will benchmark issuing of licences to set up salons and spas. The move comes in the wake of lack of standardization of beauty parlours in the state.Association members said that licences for setting up salons and beauty parlours should be given only to those who have undergone specific training in the field.More than 50% of existing beauty parlours in the state operate without any technical standards guiding their functioning. These include public health, professional ethics and hygiene. A national conference to educate beauty professionals has been organised by the association with support from CIDESCO, India on Monday in Pune.\"The government has started beauty courses that include a basic introduction to beauty techniques. But these are short-term courses term and inadequate in content, designed to help women become financially stable by working as beauticians,\" said Deepa Sumant, ABTC committee member and member of the CIDESCO national division.The profession though heavily depends on skill, which has to be imbibed through a full-fledged course, she added. \"A beautician works primarily on an individual's skin, for which she should know the anatomy, physiology, chemistry and pathology of the skin. The ABTC and CIDESCO courses confer upon an aspirant the necessary qualification to become a beautician. On the other hand, short-term courses sans professional content have led to the sprouting of numerous beauty parlours in the state without any standardization,\" said Rajeshwari Natu, another committee member of ABTC.Pune alone has more than 5,000 beauty parlours, 50% of which operate without any technical standards.Unskilled beauticians who lack knowledge may end up subjecting the customer to a treatment she does not need, and end up aggravating her skin condition. Hence, the need for standardizing beauty therapy education as well as setting up of beauty parlours is necessary, she added.Products used on the skin are causing harm, doctors said. \"I see two to three cases every month where the beauty treatment has gone awry due to half-baked knowledge among unqualified beauticians. The cases pertain to skin burns, hyper-pigmentation, allergic skin reaction and skin rashes due to improper use of cosmetics,\" said cosmetic and plastic surgeon Parag Sahasrabudhe.Sumant added that lack of standardization in the industry was not the only problem qualified beauticians are facing.\"Cosmetologists deal with treating the internal problems of the skin, while beauticians cater to treating the external blemishes. Cosmetologists nowadays appoint beauticians or aesthetician to take care of the external issues of the skin, thus taking care of both-post and pre-treatment stages. Therefore, many clients prefer to visit cosmetologists as they can undergo both treatments at a single place,\" said Sumant.Lack of hygiene and sterilization is another issue in parlours. \"The ideal beauty parlor will always have a separate haircutting section and a beauty/ make-up room. A qualified beauty therapist working on the skin is trained in the tasks of sanitization and sterilization of equipment used in the salon,\" said Sumant.\"We are pushing for a regulation under which only those with a professional diploma from an institute accredited to CIDESCO or ABTC should get a license to set up a beauty parlor,\" Sumant said.S T Pardeshi, Pune Municipal Corporation's chief medical officer (CMO) said that before issuing the health license, they check for sufficient space in the establishment as well as the worker's hygiene level.\"However, the same licensees are issued to those who want to set up any other unit,\" he said.Know themCIDESCO offers comprehensive beauty and spa therapy qualifications, which includes all aspects of beauty and body treatments. After having finished a CIDESCO qualification, a beautician is entitled to work in over 33 countriesABTC trains aspiring beauticians through courses and examinations, whose curriculum matches with CIDESCO's. It is for those who cannot afford a CIDESCO examinationWatch out forQualifications and knowledge of the therapist working on your skinHygiene of the clinicStandard of products used", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12214673", "title": "Kerala firing hits search for sailor", "text": "MUMBAI: Two months after the Costa Concordia shipwreck off the coast of Italy, the sole missing Indian, Russel Rebello, is yet to be traced. However, the Indian foreign affairs ministry and embassy have gradually withdrawn their resources owing to the other controversy over Italian military personnel, who were arrested for shooting fishermen in Kerala.Russel's brother Kevin remains steadfast at Giglio Island where the cruise liner had sunk, following each detail of the ongoing search and recovery operation. He says he has been left to fight his \"own war\". \"The authorities have other priorities like the Kerala firing incident. My family back home and I are slowly coming to terms with the inevitable. Only if we could find Russel and take him home, this anxiety would come to an end,\" he said. Russel worked as a waiter aboard the luxury liner. His parents, wife Villma and brother-in-law Vikram have started a Facebook page named 'Russel Rebello Missing Crew Costa Concordia' to somehow assist the recovery. The caption over his profile picture reads, 'Russel, please come back, luv'. Particularly poignant is a picture of the mariner with his four-year-old son Rhys, whose caption reads 'Daddy please come back'. Kevin shares regular updates with Vikram, who then relays information to the rest. \"Of course I speak to my parents, but most often, I share the details of the operation with Vikram. Not only is it difficult to repeat the same news to each member of the family, it also works out very expensive. My resources are stretched given that I am yet to return to work,\" he said.The consular officer at the Indian embassy in Italy, Vishesh Negi, told TOI that they were, in fact, relying on reports from Kevin. \"We are also receiving regular updates from the Italian authorities. In fact, they recovered eight bodies, including that of a child, around two weeks earlier and they are in the process of identifying the seven adults,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12216337", "title": "Before 2012: The \u2018AD\u2019 not all know", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sometime in the late 90s, Akhilesh Yadav fell in love. He was the 25-year-old football enthusiast, just back from Australia; and she was a 21-year-old Thakur girl from the hills in Uttarakhand , with a penchant for horse-riding. She was a quiet, talented painter, he the Metallica-loving youth. It could not have been what either had planned, but a whirlwind romance followed, ending in a lavish, star-studded wedding in November 1999.Nearly 12 years have passed, and three children - Aditi, Tina and Arjun (they are twins) - have followed, but the sparks, those who know the couple closely say, are still visible. Little wonder that Dimple Yadav is reluctant to share her husband with Uttar Pradesh's 20 crore population.With Akhilesh's hectic campaign schedule over the past 6 months, it hasn't been easy. Their late-night impromptu stop-overs at coffee shops have taken a hit, as have family holidays to foreign shores. Impeccably trained as a socialist bahu though, the 33-year-old mother of three has adapted; already getting used to relinquishing control over AD (short for 'Akhilesh Dada', which she is known to fondly call him) and playing the role of the state's First Lady.For the 11 years she has spent in the Yadav household change, Dimple has become familiar with change. Through much of it, though, Akhilesh has hand-held her through it. Even so, as the wife of the CM designate, it is not unusual that Dimple is concerned about the amount of time he will be able to give to the family, once he takes over. \"Knowing the strength of their relationship, though, it will only be a matter of time before things fall in place,\" a close family source said.On the face of it, there's not too much the couple has in common. She is the second of three daughters of retired Indian Army Col SC Rawat. He is the down-to-earth, affable politician son of Mulayam Singh Yadav . Born in Pune, Dimple grew up adjusting to new places, situations and environments. Moving with her family, to places like the Andaman and Nicobar Islands , Bhatinda, Bareilly and Lucknow, developing a passion for horse-riding in the cantonment school, finishing her graduation, and hoping, one day, to join a big \"company\". Politics, too, was never on the agenda. It could not have been more different for Akhilesh, a tree-loving environmental engineer, who has politics in his genes.Close family sources, though, say there could barely be a better match. \"They laugh a lot in each others' company. When they are together, they scarcely need any other company.There's plenty of reorientation on the cards for both Akhilesh and Dimple. At 21, she may have had plans to be a corporate honcho, but at 33, she has comfortable in her skin as the socialist bahu. For a young woman whose first task after she married Akhilesh was to learn how to drape a sari, Dimple has quietly donned the mantle of a housewife, rarely making a public appearance, apparently happy with letting her husband handle the public domain. He, known to be a doting father and a family man, will need to get used to stealing time for his family. Close family, though, says it will all, eventually, fall in line. \"Akhilesh is a man who is as committed to his family, as he is to his work. No one knows that better than Dimple.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12215414", "title": "Steroid drops may cause glaucoma", "text": "PUNE: Prolonged and unsupervised use of steroid eye drops can result in steroid-induced glaucoma.In a review of 1,000 newly diagnosed glaucoma patients seen between January 2008 and February 2012, twenty three patients were detected with secondary glaucoma caused by long-term use of steroid medications.Glaucoma is a sight-threatening condition often diagnosed late as it produces minimal or no symptoms in its early stages. The World Glaucoma Association has declared March 11-17, 2012 as awareness week.\"Steroid drops are commonly used for treating eye inflammation and eye allergy. Although these medications may be necessary in the treatment of the disease, their indiscriminate and long-term use can result in steroid-induced glaucoma,\" eye surgeon and glaucoma specialist Roopali Nerlikar who conducted the study, said.Steroid-induced glaucoma is the change in intraocular pressure with steroid administration. This high intraocular pressure can occur within a week or can be delayed for months or years. It eventually results in damage to optic (eye) nerve.\"Intraocular pressure is the fluid pressure inside the eye. This fluid, or aqueous humor, nourishes the cornea, iris, and lens, and it helps the eye maintain its globular shape,\" Nerlikar said.The typical eye produces about 4 cc of fluid a day, which is circulated and then drains out of the eye. If the drainage system becomes clogged or if too much fluid is produced, pressure inside the eye can build up.\"Increased intraocular pressure can also result from the use of topical steroid eye drops such as those used in the treatment of an inflammation within the eye,\" Nerlikar said.Many forms of steroids like eye drops, periocular injections, intraocular injections, systemic steroid and inhaled steroids can be associated with increase intraocular pressure. \"But mostly it will occur with steroid eye drops,\" Nerlikar said.Eye surgeon and glaucoma expert Shraddha Satav said, \"A few non-specific eye conditions are commonly treated with steroid medications. These non-specific conditions are redness, itching, stinging and burning sensation in the eye.\"Whenever a patient with such a condition approaches a medical store, the chemist dispenses or suggests a steroid eye drop known to give quick relief. The patient continues to use it whenever he or she suffers from similar conditions later without consulting a doctor.But if the patient suffering from these conditions consults a doctor, he or she will, after thorough examination prescribe steroids only when there is significant inflammation. Milder symptoms like slight redness, dryness and mild inflammation of the eye can be treated easily with non-steroid eye drops. Besides, in certain viral infections steroids may aggravate the condition and may result in loss of vision, Satav said.On treatment of glaucoma, eye surgeon and glaucoma specialist Medha Prabhudesai said, \"Glaucoma is a progressive condition. If left untreated it can progress rapidly and may lead to blindness. The blindness caused by glaucoma is irreversible.\"Prabhudesai said, \"Whenever a patient is detected with glaucoma, the course of treatment is life-long. It is like diabetes. If a diabetic leaves treatment mid-way, the condition worsens. The same is true about glaucoma. Patients fail to understand this and leave treatment midway resulting in loss of vision in some cases.\"Patients who do have regular examinations, ophthalmologists can detect glaucomatous optic nerve damage before there is noticeable visual loss by examining the back of the eye. Sometimes, damage to the nerve can be observed even before specialised tests detect a change of vision.Over 40? Get a screening donePUNE: India has 12 million people affected by glaucoma and the number is increasing. There are numerous misconcepts about the condition, like it occurs only in patients with neglected mature cataracts, it cannot occur after cataract surgery and it affects only old people.\"However, in our review of 1,000 newly diagnosed patients, 166 patients were less than 45 years of age and 58 of them had moderate to advanced damage in at least one eye at the diagnosis,\" Nerlikar said.Commonly occurring glaucoma are of two types -- open angle and closed angle. In open angle glaucoma, resistance to the flow of eye fluid is increased while in closed angle glaucoma there is physical obstruction to the flow of eye fluid.On an average patients with closed angle glaucoma were nearly a decade younger than the open angle patients and had greater damage at diagnosis. In contrast, among the open angle glaucoma patients, 28 patients had very early disease and had been diagnosed during a routine check-up indicating an improved diagnostic sensitivity amongst ophthalmologists.\"Glaucoma can occur as early as the second or fourth decade of life wherein visual disability can affect their ability to earn a living and drive safely with a greater risk of accidents,\" Nerlikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12215650", "title": "I-T units helped laundering? Probe onprobe units under govt scanner", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has started a thorough review of all recent actions of Income Tax probe units since it suspects that many of their recent raids and claims may have been a ploy to help money launderers.Sources said the all recent search-and-survey operations, involving about Rs 4,000 crore of unaccounted income, have come under the finance ministry's lens.The Central Economic Intelligence Bureau (CEIB), which keeps an eye on operations of other intelligence agencies, has started reviewing search cases for I-T probe. More than 300 such cases, pertaining to April-December, 2011, have been scrutinized.Questions have been raised on \"readily disclosed\" concealed income that has been found to be on an average 10 times the quantum of assets seized during the raids. I-T probe units have been asked to explain how these unaccounted income was generated since some of which could have been proceeds of criminal activities or part of terror funds.In at least 40% of the cases reviewed by CEIB, it has pointed out flaws and observed that despite reminders to some of these I-T units they have not given adequate reasons for laxity in recommending these cases to other agencies for further investigation. I-T units were asked to discuss these cases at Regional Intelligence Council meetings with other agencies such as the Enforcement Directorate, the DRI, the CBI, etc.It is alleged that I-T units have discouraged any further probe in cases it had conducted searches. Besides, no leads were shared with other intelligence agencies in cases where hundreds of crores of undisclosed income was surrendered by accused. Further investigation by ED and other agencies could have unraveled foreign accounts and other deposits made by accused in tax havens, sources said.I-T has been asked to explain the source of funds disclosed in major cases. This includes a search case on an hotelier who had disclosed Rs 140 crore as unaccounted after raids. It was found that the hotelier had acquired several fictitious companies and had intended to introduce unaccounted money to the tune of Rs 600 crore. In another case, a Mumbai-based builder had disclosed Rs 200 crore unaccounted income after raids were conducted on his businesses, but again he did not disclose the source of his income.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12217076", "title": "Win you must, Gaekwad told Dhyanchand during 1936 Olympics", "text": "VADODARA: That Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III had played a vital role in Indian hockey team's victory against Germany in finals at 1936 Berlin Olympics has been noted by very few historians. TOI had earlier reported about how Sayajirao, ruler of erstwhile Baroda state, gave a pep talk to Dhyanchand, captain of Indian hockey team and his teammates when they were nervous while playing the finals against mighty Germans. TOI has now got a photograph of Sayajirao III sitting in the audience and watching the famous hockey finals at the 1936 Olympics.The Indian team had scored only one goal in the first half of the game which left Sayajirao surprised. He met Dhyanchand and other members of Indian hockey team during the break and gave them inspirational chat. The story goes that Dhyanchand was uncomfortable playing in shoes during the finals as he had habit of playing barefoot. When Dhyanchand revealed his problem, Sayajirao asked him to remove his shoes and play the match. The ruler told the team that 'win you must' and 'a big prize is awaiting you'. Dhyanchand went on to score three goals in the second half and Indian team beat Germany 7-1. The incident has been recorded by author Dr Damodar Nene in his book on Sayajirao. A cricket writer Sunil Kalra acquired the rare photograph of Sayajirao watching Olympic finals.He presented the photograph along with other rare pictures of 1936 Olympics to Mrunalinidevi Puar, member of royal Gaekwad family on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216139", "title": "Film connects city residents with roots", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Attracting visitors, passerby and fitness enthusiasts at citys Bougainvillea Garden on Saturday, was the cast and crew of Punjabi film, Ajj De Ranjhe, slated for release in July this year. Striking a chord with commoners and bringing out their fright of encountering the police, the movie revolves around a comical drama on the victimization faced by common people.Hinting a fast inclination among city youth towards Punjabi movies, director-producer said, The response of Chandigarh residents towards Punjabi cinemas in the last few years has witnessed a massive transformation. The fact that five multiplexes in the city are playing Punjabi flicks is an indication to the rising demand.Taking a short break from a hectic last day of the shoot for the movie, he added, At present, shooting for different Punjabi movies is on at 10 different locations in Punjab. The Punjabi cinema is all set to grow as big as Malayam or even another parallel industry.Having shot more than 50% of this movie in and around Chandigarh, the director cites that the citys connect with Punjabi movies was too limited a decade ago. Now, however, a drastic shift is being noticed.A decade ago, Punjabi movies were expected to be watched in the interiors of Punjab. Now, one finds increasing interest of locals for Punjabi movies and songs. Even Bollywood is following this industry closely, he adds.Quite believable, now one finds popular local radio stations playing Punjabi numbers far more and listeners demanding to hear the same.Despite his contribution in making prominent Hindi movies including Darr, Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, Dil to Pagal Hai and Mohabbatein, the director speaks fervently of his Punjabi cinema connection.The only reason why Punjabi movies and numbers are fast connecting people is the universal characteristic of Punjabi language itself, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "12224519", "title": "Three brothers held for killing Gumla woman", "text": "GUMLA: A woman was killed by three villagers at Dumbo Khakhsitoli in Bharno after they did not find her husband, who allegedly practised black magic. Police have arrested the three accused.Birsi Oraon (48), the wife of Inda Oraon, was attacked with an axe by Pintu, Madan and Johan Oraon, the three brothers, late on Friday night.Bharno officer in-charge Kuldeep Ram said all the three accused were arrested on Saturday and forwarded to judicial custody on Sunday.According to police, the accused alleged that their father Somra Oraon frequently fell ill because Inda Oraon practised witchcraft and acted as a sorcerer.However, Inda denied the charge and said he was a worshipper of deities.Ram said, \"A month ago, villagers held a panchayat which was presided over by Dumbo mukhiya Buddhdeo Oraon to settle the matter between Inda and the three brothers who used to abuse and threaten the former. On the night of Holi, the accused reached Inda's house but he was not there. The three then attacked Inda's wife and hacked her to death at the spot,\" the police officer said.Police denied any dispute between Inda Oraon and three brothers over construction of a village road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "wadia village (banaskantha)", "code": "12215223", "title": "Wadia's dirty picture shows clean slate", "text": "WADIA VILLAGE (BANASKANTHA): For the time being at least, Wadia, the village of prostitutes, has forgotten its stigma and is dancing to the latest Bollywood hits. It is Saturday night and the hot number from 'The dirty picture', 'Oooh lala, ooh lala' is screaming from loud speakers at the special garba. On Sunday, history will be made as daughters from the village will get married in a mass wedding for the first time and leave their mother's profession behind forever.Camera crews of the national and international media had already arrived in this once forgotten village on Saturday. Entire Wadia was decorated like a bride. Village youngsters turned DJs for the night and played filmy chartbusters.While the men wore colourful headgears, the girls shone in their chaniya-cholis, hennaed hands and eyes gleaming with dreams of a new future away from the flesh trade. By evening, the grooms had started trickling in, huddled in tractors and jeeps with their families, excited about the big day.The state government has assured full support and the sub-divisional magistrate along with a team of police officials were stationed in the village. About 20 foreign mediapersons were seen trying to capture the mood. Many tried to get the women to speak about life as a prostitute, but no one was ready to speak.\"The past is imperfect, the future looks perfect. We want to talk only about the future,\" said one woman. Mittal Patel, co-ordinator of Vicharta Samuday Samarthan Manch said, \"People of Deesa have donated ceremonial gifts for each girl. People have embraced change,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12216370", "title": "Best places on earth for women", "text": "Another International Women's Day just behind us - the 101st - and it is hard to know whether to celebrate or give in to despair. \"From London to Lahore ,\" says Oxfam , \"inequality between men and women persists.\" But here, we explore the best places to be a woman today.1. Best place to be a woman | IcelandIceland has the greatest equality between men and women, taking into account politics, education, employment and health indicators. The worst is Yemen , and the most dangerous is Afghanistan.2. Best place to be a politician | RwandaRwanda is the only nation in which females make up the majority of parliamentarians. Women hold 45 out of 80 seats. The worst countries, such as Saudi Arabia , Yemen, Qatar, Oman and Belize , have no women in parliament .3. Best place to be a mother | NorwayNorway is the world's best place to be a mother, with low risks of maternal mortality - one in 7,600 - and skilled help at nearly all births. The worst is Afghanistan , where a woman is at least 200 times more likely to die during childbirth than from bombs or bullets.4. Best place to read and write | LesothoLiteracy rates among women in Lesotho exceed those of men, with 95 per cent of women able to read and write, compared with 83 per cent of men. The worst country is Ethiopia , where only 18 per cent of women can read and write, compared with 42 per cent of men.5. Best place to be head of state | Sri LankaWomen have run Sri Lanka for 23 years, while dozens of countries , including Spain and Sweden , have never had a female head of government .6. Best place to be a woman in the arts | SwedenThe Swedish Arts Council has launched initiatives to improve gender equality in the arts. The Swedish Film Institute mandates that film grants be distributed evenly between men and women and there are quotas for women in film production.7. Best place to live long | JapanWomen in Japan can expect to live longest (87), beating men by seven years. Female life expectancy is shortest in Lesotho (48), but only two years less than men.8. Best place to give birth | GreeceGreece is the world's safest place to give birth, with a one in 31,800 risk of dying in childbirth. The worst place to have a baby is thought to be the world's newest country, South Sudan. There are fewer than 20 midwives in the whole country.9. Best place to leave your husband | GuamThe Micronesian island of Guam has the highest divorce rate in the world, Guatemala has the lowest.10. Best place to be an athlete | USFive of the top 10 highest-paid female sporting athletes in 2011 were from the US. The worst country, Saudi Arabia, has never sent a female athlete to the Olympics and bans girls from sports in state schools.11. Best place to be a lady of leisure | DenmarkWomen in Denmark have more time for leisure, spending only 57 more minutes each day on unpaid work than men, the lowest in the OECD . Mexican women have it hardest, spending four hours 21 minutes more on unpaid work than men.12. Best place to earn money | LuxembourgLuxembourg shares the top spot (with Norway) for estimated earned income. When income is capped at $40,000, women and men are as likely to earn the same amount. The lowest female earners are in Saudi Arabia.13. Best place to go to university | QatarIn Qatar six women are enrolled in tertiary education for every man. Questions remain as to whether the investment in their education has led to the integration of women into the economy.The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12214407", "title": "At 12.7 degree celsius , Saturday Mumbai\u2019s coldest ever March morning", "text": "MUMBAI: Winter seems to be in no mood to say goodbye yet. After about 10 days of heat, the mercury dipped substantially on Saturday, with Santa Cruz recording its lowest minimum March temperature of 12.7 Celsius early in the morning.On March 1 this year, Santa Cruz had recorded a minimum temperature of 13.4C, breaking the all-time record of 1968, when the mercury had touched 13.8 C on March 30. On Saturday, the 10-day record was broken.The weather bureau says it is the aftermath of the passage of a western disturbance in the north and not an extended winter. While Santa Cruz's minimum temperature was about six degrees below normal on Saturday, Colaba's minimum temperature was 18C (four degrees below normal). The maximum temperatures in Santa Cruz and Colaba were 32.9 and 30.5 C, respectively.\"A western disturbance that's affecting the northern plains is responsible for the dip in temperatures in the city,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast, Indian Meteorological Department ( IMD), Mumbai.A western disturbance is an extra-tropical storm, or a low-pressure system, that originates in the Mediterranean Sea and moves eastwards. This causes rainfall in Iran , Pakistan and northern parts of India as well as snowfall in certain parts of India. Though a high frequency of these disturbances has been bringing cold waves across the country all through this winter, what the city is witnessing currently is not a cold wave.\"The northerly winds are bringing the cold southwards. However, there is no cold wave and there doesn't seem to be another western disturbance that may affect the northern plains very soon,\" said Rajeev, adding that he expected the minimum temperatures to rise to their normal levels in a day or two.The maximum temperatures recorded on Saturday were about normal. The evening relative humidity recorded by Colaba and Santa Cruz was 53% and 31%, respectively.Minimum temperature to go up in a day or two, Met saysThe Met department ruled out an extended winter for Mumbai and said the low temperatures were a result of a western disturbance affecting north India. A western disturbance is an extra-tropical storm, or a low-pressure system, which originates in the Mediterranean Sea and moves eastwards. This causes rainfall in Iran, Pakistan and northern parts of India as well as snowfall in certain parts of India. Though a high frequency of these disturbances has been bringing cold waves across the country all through this winter, what the city is witnessing currently is not a cold wave.\"The northerly winds are bringing the cold southwards. However, there is no cold wave and there doesn't seem to be another western disturbance that may affect the northern plains very soon,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast, Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai, adding that he expected the minimum temperatures to rise to their normal levels in a day or two. The maximum temperatures recorded on Saturday were about normal. The evening relative humidity recorded by Colaba and Santa Cruz was 53% and 31%, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12217068", "title": "Cop commits suicide a day after being caught drunk", "text": "VADODARA: A head constable hung himself to death at his residence in Kishanwadi area of the city on Friday night. The day before that he was caught drunk and a case was made against him at Wadi police station.Rajendra Sonawane, who was posted at the city police station, hung himself to death at his residence sometime after Friday night. His body was found hanging inside a room by family members on Saturday morning.Sonawane, Kishanwadi police inspector P L Chaudhary said, was allegedly addicted to liquor and had been suspended thrice before.On Dhuleti, Sonawane was found in an inebriated condition near a bus stand by Wadi police after being informed by a citizen. The Wadi police made a case against Sonawane for being drunk. He had been caught drunk earlier too, Chaudhary said.Sources said Sonawane is survived by wife, a son and a daughter. While the son is studying mechanical engineering at a private college near the city, his daughter is appearing for her SSC board exams this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12215496", "title": "Customer to move high court over defects in high-end car", "text": "GURGAON: Fed up of frequent technical faults in a high-end car, a city-based businessman is planning to approach Punjab and Haryana high court against Volkswagen and the city-based distributor.The businessman, Niranjan Garodia, had purchased Passat (diesel) from a Gurgaon showroom in 2010. He alleged that the car had developed a series of technical faults and had to be kept at a service station for more than a month in 2011. \"I have already filed a case against the company and the distributor in the consumer court in Gurgaon but I am now filing a petition in the high court,\" said Garodia.A senior executive of Volkswagen admitted that he was aware of the complaint. In an email response to the query, the corporate communication executive stated that the matter was sub judice and hence the company could not offer any comments till the matter was decided by the district forum.The owner alleged that it developed faults like erratic AC functioning, steering lock signal on console screen and engine defects. \"If such defects had appeared in Passat anywhere in Europe then the company would have replaced the car but here (India) no one is bothered,\" said Garodia.According to the car owner, the first fault was of hand-brake signal blinking on the screen. In May last year the car was in the service station for more than 36 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12214665", "title": "High-security number plates on road in May", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come May 1, Delhi will be changing over to high-security number plates.Sources in the Delhi government said changes had been made in the new tender specifications. \"The successful vendor will have to set up centres by April 30, which is earlier than the previous deadline,\" said a source. This means that new vehicles will have to install the high-security registration plate (HSRP) from May 1, while older vehicles can do so from June 15, added the source. Earlier, the transport department had said that the HSRP scheme would be implemented from June.\"The changes in the tender specifications will be notified through an advertisement in the coming week. We hope to finalize on a vendor by March 31, so that the vendor has a month's time to set up the centres,\" said a senior government official.The HSRP centres will be set up initially at the regional transport offices (RTO). Later, independent centres will be set up as well, said officials.The notification for mandatory installation of these high-security registration plates will be also taken out in the first week of May, said the official. \"The transport department will start with new vehicles. The plan is that older vehicles can install the new number plates from June 15 onwards,\" added the official.It's the second time that the transport department has come out with a tender after the previous one failed to get a successful response. Sources said the new tender had been tweaked technically following the dismal response to the previous specifications.The department is hoping that the re-tendering will get a better response and the process can be finished by March 31, the date set for complying with the Supreme Court order.The HSRP scheme has been in the offing for a long time now. The project was earlier to be implemented by the Delhi Integrated Multi-modal Transit System (DIMTS). However, with the Supreme Court recommending a single-vendor process for HSRP, the agreement with DIMTS had to be dropped.High-security registration plates are tamper-proof number plates and meant to aid law enforcement agencies in tracing vehicles that are involved in crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12219137", "title": "One for the Ladies", "text": "The womenfolk of Chennai seems to have celebrated Women's Day in the most enthusiastic manner.Quite a handful of the lovely ladies of this city came together at this plush hotel as part of a special get-together held to celebrate the occasion. As always, fashion had occupied top priority in the checklist of these lissome lasses. And in order to put their best foot forward, they made all attempts to showcase their impeccable sense of couture.However, stereotypical notions went right out of the window as the girls chose to embrace a healthy mix of ethnic and western ensembles to up the glam quotient for the day. Saira was among those whose outfits qualified for effortless headturners.Her deep red sari earned her several compliments and put her in a class of her own. Others chose to experiment with shades of blue, and Anita and Anu excelled in this selection. Sapna's gorgeous white top also racked up some brownie points with the guests at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12216157", "title": "MHA to ramp up security in sensitive airports", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government has sanctioned 519 additional posts in the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) for deployment at Bangalore airport and 132 posts for Raipur airport as part of its overall plan to strengthen security of all sensitive airports in the country.Besides creation of new posts for these two airports, deployment of a variety of advanced scanning machines, equipping the CISF personnel with high-tech security gadgets and installing Perimeter Intrusion Detection System (PIDS) are among the other plans of the Union home ministry to ramp up the system.At present, the CISF personnel guard 58 airports, including Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Kolkata and Chennai, in close coordination with the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS). The PIDS, which can prevent unauthorized entry to tarmacs, is being put on trial at IGI airport in the national Capital.Since shortage of residential units for CISF security personnel closer to big airports has, of late, become a major problem, the ministry is planning to make provisions to ensure proper facilities so that daily commuting may not act as hindrance in their performance.\"This (residential facilities at airports) is a big problem in metros like Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Goa. They (CISF personnel) don't have residences...they have to take homes outside and rents are huge and they have to give (rent) from their salary.\"Our efforts are in this direction. During the forthcoming Lok Sabha session, I will meet civil aviation minister Ajit Singh and request that whenever an airport is established they should reserve space for (CISF) barracks,\" MoS for home Jitendra Singh said on the occasion of 43rd Raising Day celebrations of the force in Ghaziabad on Saturday.The minister said similar arrangements would also be made for the CISF units deployed to guard vital installations in Naxal-hit areas which are \"vulnerable\".The CISF on the occasion of its Raising Day honoured its constable Aditya Kumar Mandi, a recipient of the prestigious Sahitya Akademi award for his Santhali poems. Mandi's collection of poems Banchao Larhai (Struggle of Life) dwells on the socio-economic conditions of the Santhals who primarily live in West Bengal, Jharkhand, Bihar, Odisha and Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12214794", "title": "Two Delhi cops may land in the dock for selling cell call records", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police, stunned by the alleged involvement of two senior Delhi police officers in a racket involving the sale of mobile call details, may grill the duo soon.The two officers are believed to have misused their office to obtain the call records of top MNC officials and a model and sold them to a detective agency in Bandra. The officers under the lens are of the rank of assistant commissioner, and the investigators are waiting to complete formalities before they can question them.A special squad recently arrested four private detectives who were illegally obtaining call records of people and selling them to high-profile clients for Rs 25,000 to Rs 1.5 lakh, depending on the background of the person whose records had been sought.The police recovered the call records of several people along with three laptops and computers from the accused. One of the laptops had details of three call records received from the official mail address of the Delhi officers. Intrigued, city cops approached various mobile companies seeking the names of the officers to whom the details had been given. While one of the service providers informed them about the role of the two Delhi cops, the squad is awaiting the response of other service providers.\"The revelation that officers of the rank of assistant commissioner are involved in this racket has come as a shocker,\" a Mumbai police officer linked to the probe said. Additional commissioner of police (west region) Vishwas Nagre-Patil has reportedly discussed the issue with police chief Arup Patnaik. However, Nagre-Patil declined to comment on the case because of the \"confidentialities involved\". All he said was, \"We will take the case to its logical end.\"Rules say no individual can be allowed access to call detail record (CDR) and it is an offence under the Indian Telegraph and Information Technology Act. Only government agencies are permitted to obtain CDR of suspects from service providers-officers are authorized to ask for records from mobile companies after providing details of the case under investigation.Officials here say the Delhi cops may have been able to misuse their office to obtain the call records of people not connected to any probe because of the good rapport they may be sharing with service providers thanks to the nature of their job. \"They may have also inserted the names of these individuals in the list of suspects that they send routinely to mobile service providers,\" an investigator said.\"The modalities of getting the two Delhi officers to talk are being discussed,\" an officer told TOI. \"The first step may involve a questionnaire being sent to the duo. The next will depend on their response,\" he added. The official said businessmen, corporate houses, celebrities and even politicians were found to be clients of the four arrested from the Bandra-based detective agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12215023", "title": "New UGC norm makes PhD must for assistant lecturers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More than 100 candidates for the post of assistant lecturers from the state are in a limbo after a new notification from Universities Grants Commission (UGC) that mentions that the candidates should have PhD qualification. As per the earlier notification, the candidates with M.Phil and NET/SLAT qualifications could also apply for the posts. The state government has to fill up a total of 532 posts in this recruitment drive.According to the state education commissioner's office, after the first notification, they have received hundreds of applications for filling up the posts, and interviews were conducted at Gandhinagar recently. Since the new notification has come after that stage, more than 100 candidates will be automatically removed from the final round. The post for the assistant lecturer has five-year probation where the selected candidates will have a fixed pay of Rs 7,500.\"If the education department knew about the qualification required, they could have taken it into consideration right at the time, as many have spent an application fee of Rs 500 and then spent on to and fro transport to Gandhinagar for their interviews. We are writing to the UGC about the goof-up and its probable solution,\" said an applicant on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12215680", "title": "Big firms snooping on senior staff", "text": "MUMBAI: If you are a senior employee at a top-notch firm, your employer could be tracking your movement with the help of your cellphone call records. Some companies are hiring retired and serving police officers as well as private detectives, with 'access' to service providers, to snoop on senior employees who take decisions that may affect the firm's future.The police busted a gang of private detectives selling illegally obtained call records to clients. Some of them were connected to corporate houses. During probe, police learnt that corporate houses hired detectives to track the movement of rivals and company's senior executives.An employer asked details of his senior executive to get information about his frequent foreign visits, said a police officer. Often, employers want to be sure senior executives do not betray them, he said.The investigator found a couple of directors had emailed detectives for call details of their senior executives and business partners. Call records include list of incoming and outgoing numbers, duration of talk and approximate location of the mobile phone owner during the call.Many corporate houses were involved in such deals but kept it confidential. These firms hire services of 'Due Diligence' companies, for similar job done with more sophistication.Tracking a 'suspect's' movement with the help of call records is more accurate and cheaper so it is more in demand, said the officer. \"If you know the routine of a senior executive or a VIP - when he calls, on which numbers, how long he communicates with the person and his locations during each call - it helps to understand the proximity between the caller and the receiver,\" he said.Most private detective agencies officially declare on their website several corporate, banking and insurance firms as their client. They claim to conduct 'mobile investigation' which is actually an analysis of phone call records.Retired and serving police officers are reaping a windfall following demand of such service. Policemen can analyze mobile call records better and they have contacts to get the target's call records faster, said a source. Cops can also maintain secrecy.A senior IPS officer said, \"If it's true, then it is a dangerous trend and government should immediately intervene to stop such illegal activities.\"Former IPS officer turned lawyer Y P Singh said, \"If officers are found obtaining call record of a person not connected with their case and with ulterior motive, the officer should be liable for department action. The person whose privacy was compromised can sue the officers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12216781", "title": "Delay in licences, RLA short of plastic", "text": "Residents of the city are facing problem to get their licence and vehicle registration cards from the Registration and Licensing Authority, as they have already exhausted the supply of plastic cards which are used for both licences and RC. The dates of the issuing the cards are being repeatedly extended by the authorities, leaving public in lurch.As per information, authorities had to give over 1,000 RC and licences to the public. When asked, in charge RLA Kavle V Parasuram said, Im in a meeting and not in position to talk right now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12219008", "title": "Very sad if India boycotted London Olympics: British PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: British prime minister David Cameron has said he would be \"very sad\" if India boycotted the London Olympics following the row over sponsorship of the event by Dow Chemicals, linked to the Bhopal Gas tragedy of 1984.However, Cameron dubbed Dow Chemicals as a \"reputable company\" and said he did not want to see the Olympics used for industrial or political purposes.\"It would be a very sad day,\" he told Karan Thapar on Devil's Advocate programme on CNN-IBN when asked about a possible boycott by India of the London Olympics.Cameron said he felt \"huge sympathy\" for those injured and killed in the Bhopal gas disaster but insisted boycotting the Olympics was not the \"right action\".\"By all means, take up the issue with the International Olympics Committee (IOC) but a boycott will not be the right action. I will be very sad for Indian athletes, sad for India, Britain, of course. I will be desperately sad. But I cannot tell people to come. I have fulfilled all my responsibilities. I hope the Indian athletes will come,\" he said.Cameron said his responsibilities were to make sure that the Olympics were properly staged and to ensure that all the athletes feel welcome.He said Britain and India were \"old friends and old partners\" and British athletes had enjoyed participating in the 2010 Commonwealth Games held in Delhi.\"Obviously, people have a difficulty with individual Olympics sponsors. I don't happen to share that view in the way you put it. People who do (have a problem) may take it up with the IOC and they have to make their own decisions,\" he said.Asked whether the sporting event could be an ideal opportunity to make Dow realise its responsibilities towards Bhopal victims, he said it was for the people to make their own decisions and to take up their own choices.\"What I am saying as British prime minister wanting to see the Olympics to be successful is I want to see the Olympics not used for industrial or political or other purposes. I cannot see a problem with International Olympic Committee (IOC) being sponsored by Dow,\" he said.After Indian Olympic Association failed to convince the IOC to drop Dow Chemicals as the London Games' sponsor, a \"dismayed\" Indian Government asked the IOC to \"go beyond lesser considerations\" and cancel the deal.Cameron pointed out that Dow Chemicals was not the owner of Union Carbide when the gas disaster took place.He also made it clear that the sponsorship of the Olympics was done by the IOC. \"It is their decision making process. I do not criticise their decision making process,\" he said.On Eurofighter losing the bid to sell fighter aircraft to India, Cameron said he was disappointed and still felt that it was the best aircraft and would continue to press for it.Asked whether the decision had affected the ties between India and Britain, he replied in the negative.Cameron also defended the proposed hike in university fees saying it was necessary to ensure that British institutes maintain high standards of education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216606", "title": "Mahagenco's poor show costing every power consumer", "text": "NAGPUR: You may be reeling under the burden of astronomical electricity bills but the prime supplier of power in the state - Mahagenco - seems to be least bothered. The state-run generation company's aggregate revenue requirement (ARR) petition for 2012-13 filed with MERC has facts and figures that would shock power experts as well as the layman.This abysmal performance of Mahagenco has caused significant increase in power tariff. MSEDCL buys most of its power from Mahagenco. If the cost of Mahagenco power is high, MSEDCL's expenses increase and it demands a higher tariff hike.The cost of generation of two new units of Parli power station is estimated to be Rs 5.59 and Rs 5.64 per unit respectively for 2011-12. This is significantly higher than power purchased from Dabhol and private power companies.Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) had approved a cost of Rs 3.76 for Parli unit 6 and Rs 3.95 for Parli unit 7, for 2010-11. Mahagenco increased the cost to Rs 4.36 and Rs 4.62 per unit respectively. Now, the company estimates that the cost will be above Rs 5.50 per unit this fiscal.Mahagenco has promised to reduce the generation cost of the two units to Rs 4.37 and Rs 4.08 per unit respectively in 2012-13. You can only hope that the company's estimates do not vary beyond the 5% allowed.The cost of generation of the two new units at Paras plant are estimated to be Rs 4.57 and Rs 4.62 per unit, in 2011-12. Against this the generation cost of Chandrapur was Rs 2.72 per unit and Khaparkheda Rs 3.16. Uran, which is a gas fired power plant, had the lowest cost of generation - Rs 2.46 per unit. Hydroelectricity is always the cheapest and the cost per unit in the state is Rs 1.08 per unit.Mahagenco has always claimed that its plant load factor (PLF) - a measure of efficiency of a power plant -was low as the units were more than 25 year old. However, the PLF of new units at Parli and Paras plants too was 52%, 58%, 63% and 67%. Against this, the PLF of Khaparkheda plant was 80% and that of Uran was 81%. The PLF of a gas-fired plant is always lower than a coal-fired plant, but the reverse seems to be the case with Mahagenco.As the PLF of the new units was low, MSEDCL was forced to buy power from private players, which further increased its expenses.When asked about the high power generation costs of new units at Parli and Paras, Mahagenco director (generation) MG Waghmode said that he could not tell the reason offhand and would have to look into it.The state-run company has taken up several new expansion projects. A 500MW unit at Khaparkheda has already started, two 500MW units are under construction at Bhusawal, with another three 660MW units at Koradi and two 500MW units at Chandrapur.There are several more projects in the pipeline. It was expected that the cost of power from these units would be lower than that offered by private players. However, in the coming days it may well turn out to be the other way round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12218473", "title": "Top civil, police officials to meet on National Counter Terrorism Centre on Monday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid escalating row over the centre's proposal for NCTC, top home ministry officials will try to allay apprehensions about the anti-terror body at a crucial meeting of chief secretaries and police chiefs of all states in New Delhi on Monday.During the meeting, home ministry officials led by home secretary R K Singh will try to explain the scope and functions of the National Counter Terrorism Centre and make it clear that the proposed anti-terror hub will not infringe on the states' power.However, the meeting is unlikely to cut any ice as non-Congress chief ministers, who strongly objected to setting up of NCTC -- a brain-child of home minister P Chidambaram have been demanding discussions on the issue at the political level.Over a dozen chief ministers have opposed the creation of NCTC on the ground that it would hurt the federal structure of the country.Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik and Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalitha had asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to convene a meeting of chief ministers to discuss the issue.In all probability, NCTC will be the top agenda at the scheduled meeting of chief ministers to be held here on April 16 if no headway is made in Monday's meeting. In the wake of strong protests by non-Congress chief ministers, the Centre has put on hold the operationalisation of the NCTC from March 1 and decided to discuss with the state governments before going ahead with the plan.Home ministry officials are expecting participation of all states in the meeting. However, it is to be seen whether non-Congress-ruled states send their representatives, considering their objection to official level meeting.In his letter to 10 chief ministers, home minister P Chidambaram had assured that the \"next steps\" on NCTC would be taken only after the meeting of top officials of the states.The home ministry officials are expected to allay the apprehensions of the states which said empowering NCTC with Section 43 (A) of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act would infringe on the state's powers. Section 43(A) of UA(P)A gives an officer power to arrest and search.Chidambaram in his letter had said the powers conferred under Section 43 (A) of the UA(P) Act must be read with the duty under Section 43 (B) to produce the person or article without unnecessary delay before the nearest police station (which will be under the state government).He also said the SHO of the police station will take further action in accordance with the provisions of the CrPC.Patnaik, who spearheaded the protests on the ground that it would erode states' powers, in his third letter on NCTC to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, had opposed the meeting of officials.\"It is imperative that instead of a meeting chaired by the Union home secretary, an immediate meeting of chief ministers may be called by you to address the concerns of the states on this very urgent matter regarding the security of the nation,\" he told the prime minister.Jayalalitha and Janata Dal-U, which rules Bihar , had also expressed similar sentiments.The crucial meeting was originally scheduled on March 9 but postponed to March 12 following requests from several states which had conveyed their inability to attend the meeting due to Holi festival, short notice and pre-scheduled engagements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12224094", "title": "Impact of violence on women discussed", "text": "VARANASI: Women remain worst sufferers of riots, communal violence and war. \"The women face dual attack on their self-esteem and pride, and they are soft targets of violence,\" said noted social thinker and activist Asgar Ali Engineer during the two-day workshop on 'impact of violence on women', organised by the Gandhian Institute of Studies in the city on Sunday.Saying that a woman must come out of narrow-mindedness and instill good moral values in children, the social activist emphasised the need to encourage solution for difference in opinions through debate and discussions.Speaking about the women rights mentioned in Islam, Muniza Rafiq Kahan said most of the Muslim women are not aware of their rights and their lack of awareness forces them to become soft targets of violence and atrocities.Debates and discussion on gender discrimination and women movements were highlighted during open discussion held on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216710", "title": "Coffee lowers risk of liver fibrosis", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you have been considering coffee as an unhealthy beverage and a lean person to be healthy, doctors will tell you otherwise. Though coffee is associated with pancreatic cancer and ulcer, now the drink is being endorsed as a saviour for those suffering with liver diseases. And being thin too doesnt mean fit as 15% of non-alcoholics have fatty liver and are slim.Dr Fabio Marra, department of medicine, University of Florence, Italy, in a talk with TOI said, There have been clinical and experimental studies which have validated that coffee lowers the risk of liver fibrosis (a condition when organ gets scarred). However, non-alcoholic fatty liver has no symptoms. So, we recommend regular check ups followed by numerous screenings like ultrasound.\"Deliberating at the international liver summit, Dr T Mohan of Apollo Hospital, Delhi, said, The fatty liver is mainly caused due to metabolic syndrome. However, it is usually associated with junk food and sedentary lifestyle.Inactivity is considered to be the main cause for liver diseases. Hepatitis due to excess fat damages the liver, which can progress to cirrhosis end stage liver disease that needs transplantation. Balanced diet and burning excess of calories can prevent fat accumulation in liver, said Dr R K Dhiman, department of hepatology, PGI, who gave a presentation on Hepatitis B.He said, Two to three cups of coffee and green tea are good for health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214618", "title": "Police, shooters duel over guns", "text": "HYDERABAD: The woes of shooters at the Gachibowli shooting range in the University of Hyderabad don't seem to end. First, it was the outdated infrastructure and the lack of its upkeep. Now, it is the police shooters muscling their way into the range and using weapons meant for civilian shooters. Shooters allege that the police 'reserve' these weapons exclusively for their own use and do not let them practise with them. Gachibowli, ostensibly, has become a range for duels between police and shooters.D Rajkumar, general secretary, Rifle Association of Andhra Pradesh (Raap) said, \"Saap had purchased 48 weapons in the name of vice-chairman and managing director, Saap, including air rifles and pistols out of which half are being used by the police now. They get to use one gun per person whereas three or four civilians are forced to share a weapon.\"Shooters say that given that police are the licence issuing authority they fear making any remark against them. \"Police shooters do not let us touch weapons which they keep for themselves. These guns are meant for civilians who wish to practise the sport but are unable to procure one for various reasons. We have strict do-not-touch orders,\" said a shooter who did not wish to be identified. Sources say that the problem is compounded whenever there is a shooting competition since all rifles in good condition are taken by the police.Furthermore, shooters say that the user fee has also been doubled from Rs 500 to Rs 1,000 per month, although no extra facilities have been provided. With the sport itself being expensive due to high cost of ammunition and weapons and also due to travelling expenses from various parts of the city to Gachibowli, they say that the increase in admission fee has only made matters worse.Budding marksmen such as student Anand (name changed) say that the hike in fee has only discouraged them. \"The hike has not only discouraged us (shooters) but also shooting as a sport. I travel 20 km from my home in Begumpet to the range and back. There are a lot of students like me who go there regularly and pay for ammunition and fuel from the allowances our parents give us,\" he says.Amit Sanghi, president, Raap said, \"Raap conducts coaching classes for students in summer. With the hike which came into effect last month, we feel that this will discourage enthusiasts. We will be writing soon to the authorities to roll back the hike.\" He added that the Raap has 400 members and another 500 non-members and that any hike only undermines shooting as a sport. Ch Ramesh, deputy director stadia, Saap said, \"The fee will go towards development and maintenance of infrastructure. Also, the hike is not just at the range but across stadia.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12215237", "title": "Gangster shot in Ekbalpore", "text": "KOLKATA: A gang war erupted on a busy street in Ekbalpore on Saturday evening, barely 5km from the city centre. Gangster Kana Sanjoy allegedly shot dead his rival, Kutubuddin alias Lal, on Mayurvanja Road around 8.30pm as passersby scattered in panic.It was the first time Kana Sanjoy aka Sk Firoz was seen in the locality in more than three years. He had fled Ekbalpore in 2008 after being shot and injured by Lal. Police say he came back on Saturday to take revenge.Lal's aides and family members launched a street protest, alleging that he was attacked by Trinamool-backed goons. A Trinamool party office was ransacked during the agitation.A large contingent of police and Rapid Action Force are camping on the spot to prevent any untoward incident. No one has been arrested yet.Police say it was a turf battle. An aide of Sanjay called out to Lal around 7.30pm. He came out at 8pm, only to find himself surrounded by Sanjay's men. A heated exchange and fistfight followed. Soon bombs were being hurled as the two gangs attacked each other near Gyan Ghosh polytechnic college.In the middle of the chaos, Kana Sanjoy and two aides suddenly rushed towards Lal on a motorbike and fired three bullets at close range and fled the spot. Lal was hit in the chest, stomach and shoulder and slumped to the ground. He died on the way to hospital.The area shut down in panic after the murder. Police were on the spot within 15 minutes. \"The murder was the fallout of an old gang rivalry. Both the victim and the accused had a criminal history. We are conducting raids to nab the criminals involved in the murder,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12214910", "title": "No flights at BIA for 7 hrs from today", "text": "BANGALORE: Major changes in flight schedules from and to Bangalore will be effective between today and April 3 because of the closure of the airport's runway for seven hours during the day. The runway will be closed for maintenance between 10.30am and 5.30pm, preventing any take-off or landing during the period.The airport has advised all passengers to contact their respective airlines to obtain flight information.Between April 4 and May 4, small sections of the runway and the taxiways will be closed, but this may not affect flight schedules significantly.The airport has said that during the closure time, the airport will offer various options for passengers to explore. \"Besides free Wi-Fi, passengers will be able to indulge in packages from nearby resorts for power naps, dining and activities. Additionally, based on the demand, the airport has associated with KSTDC to offer quick tours to the famous Nandi Hills and Jain temple,\" a statement on the Bengaluru International Airport website said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12216545", "title": "Fire at Harike destroys flora, fauna", "text": "AMRITSAR: Fire in Harike wildlife sanctuary on Thursday damaged flora and fauna in the protected swamp area. Residents of the area claimed that dozens of trees were charred and birds killed by raging flames. Reports said that the fire engulfed nearly 2.5km area of the sanctuary.Divisional forest officer (wildlife Daljit Singh told TOI on Saturday, \"Three persons living in the nearby villages have been arrested. They set fire to dried grass but the flames spread to the sanctuary area.\" He, however, denied loss to flora and fauna, and said, \"The flames were controlled as the ground was wet and no birds died.\"The sanctuary is spread over more than 86 sqaure kilometres and touches the boundaries of Tarn Taran, Firozpur and Kapurthala. Malwinder Singh, a resident of the area, claimed that wildlife officials were not revealing the true details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12224215", "title": "Large crowd watches grand Shri Sayaji Savari", "text": "VADODARA: On Sunday evening, the city was caught in a time warp. Old timers, who had witnessed the grand processions that used to be organized during the royal Gaekwadi rule in the city, travelled down the memory lanes as Shri Sayaji Savari took off from Navlakhi Grounds at 5 pm. The procession was organized by the royal Gaekwad family along with Maharaja Sayaji Smarak Trust to celebrate 150th birth anniversary of Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad. Thousands of people from all walks of society participated in the procession that passed through old city areas.Right from the royal families of central Gujarat to cricketers, body builders and artists, everyone lined up at the venue to participate in the procession and greet the royal Gaekwad family members. Despite his ailing health, Maharaja Ranjitsinh Gaekwad, scion of royal Gaekwad family turned up at the venue along with Shubhanginiraje Gaekwad, Mrunalinidevi Puar, Samarjitsinh Gaekwad and Radhikaraje Gaekwad. Those participating in the procession and onlookers waved to the royal family members, who stayed back till the last vehicle of the procession left the venue.A sea of crowd erupted at places like Kothi, Raopura, Khanderao Market and Rajmahel Road to watch the procession that has been organized at a massive scale. Residents of old city areas perched on their roof tops and balconies to watch the majestic procession. Decorated elephants, luxurious buggies, royal families dressed up in traditional attires, vintage cars and youngsters showing their talent in lezim, sword fight and lathi. It was a visual treat for Barodians who were eagerly waiting for the day. Samarjitsinh, too, sat on an elephant and joined the procession for a short while.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12216394", "title": "Cyberia hails UP engineer who also knows Kannada", "text": "Since the declaration of election results, Akhilesh Yadav's Wikipedia page was updated more than 100 times with users trying to add every bit of information available. The page is still marked as 'stub' by Wikipedia, meaning the article is 'too short to provide encyclopaedic coverage of a subject'. The page introduces Yadav as the 'chief minister-elect of Uttar Pradesh'.On Twitter, #Akhilesh Yadav was trending worldwide as the news broke. #Chief Minister of UP, #CM of Uttar Pradesh and #Azam Khan were other related hash-tags through which the Twitterati preferred to mark their tweets.\"Phata Poster, Nikla CM.... Akhilesh Yadav seems 2 be d new face of youth... UP for change.. well deserved &amp; earned success.. (sic)\", tweets @mrigankgaurav. Welcoming change, @raghavbehani tweets, \"Congratulations Akhilesh Yadav.. I am sure he will bring peace, prosperity and development to Uttar Pradesh :).\"@ainvvy introduced Akhilesh as \"An engineer from Mysore. The first UP CM who understands 'swalpa adjust madi!'\". 'Swalpa adjust madi' in Kannada means 'Can you adjust a bit'. Soon after, the youngest CM's duty list was prepared by the Twitterati with users arguing Yadav Junior not to follow the footsteps of 'another young CM Omar Abdullah'.\"Akhilesh Yadav is new chief minister of uttar pradesh. Tough task for a young man to govern big state like UP. All the best to Akhilesh (sic)\" tweeted @i _shazia. @SHISHIR 101 tweeted, \"I suggest Akhilesh Yadav to promote establishment of new industries in UP which will help job creation thus his promises will b fulfilled.\" He adds, \"Akhilesh Yadav should make UP a safe place to live. Police should be disciplined and official machinery should be told to work honestly.\"Digvijay Singh's parody account took a dig at Rahul Gandhi by trying to save his face. \"Akhilesh Yadav becoming youngest CM is nothing, our RahulG is already the youngest Human Being in India. #YouthIcon\", tweeted @diggyleaks.Pun suggestions were a hit among the tweeters as @MildlyClassic tweets, \"Now that Akhilesh Yadav is going to be the chief minister of UP, Mulayam might rename the state to Puttar Pradesh.\" This was many times retweeted as punsters tried to find a connection with 'Puttar' and son Akhilesh.Taking a dig at Azam Khan, @TheRadioJoker tweeted, \"It'd b very interesting to see how Azam Khan acts like a speaker of UP Assembly, 'Chup ho jao nahi toh ghar se uthwa doonga' (sic).\"On Akhilesh Yadav's Facebook wall, there were more than 500 posts congratulating him. User Ankit Gupta writes, \"Netaji ko agar 2014 me PM banana hai to akhilesh ji apko CM banana hai.. UP ki umeed ab desh ki Umeed hai!! 5 kalidas marg is waiting for You!! apko UP ka youngest CM banne ki Hardik Shubhkamnaye !!\"As suggestions started pouring in, along with the congratulatory messages, Chetan Singh Kanyal wrote, \"divert and upgrade the chatra sangh much better than the delhi's.. make the laws far strict than mayawati.. make uttar pradesh better than Gujrat.. !! rule as you are the Principal of an ICSC Board College and as chancellor of DU... (sic)\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12219073", "title": "Poonam\u2019s home sweet home", "text": "Poonam Bajwa is a happy girl these days. She has shifted to a brand new flat in Pune, and has asked her dad to design contemporary furniture for the same.Poonam loves understated elegance and has opted for contemporary furniture. \"The interiors are in white and beige. There is special bar made in gold and white,\" says Poonam. The actress says a lot more interior designing work has to be done. \"I am yet to decide on the wall paper.\"Poonam is not too fond of showpieces and had asked her friends and family not to bring any such gifts for the house warming ceremony. \"Interestingly, all of them have gifted me Ganeshas,\" she smiles.Meanwhile, Poonam is gearing up to finish work on her Tamil flick, Ethiri Enn 3, in which she plays a journalist. The film, touted to be a crime thriller, has Srikanth playing the role of a software engineer. Directed by Ramkumar, the film also has Prabhu and Sampath in important roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "12216732", "title": "Let\u2019s forget and move on: CM", "text": "SHIMOGA: Even as the report of the probe into the March 2 clash between advocates, police and media is expected shortly, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda has asked all groups to be patient and end the impasse. Excerpts from an interview:With advocates saying they won't attend courts till their demands are met, how can the situation be resolved? The mistrust prevailing after the incident is unfortunate. Yes, some small mistakes have happened. I've discussed the problem with all groups to be restrained and requested the advocates to drop their agitation and attend courts.Why is the government looking helpless in handling the situation? The government is not helpless. Mediapersons, advocates and police - three powerful, respected and responsible wings of society - should introspect on their roles. They should help restore peace and create an atmosphere to resolve the dispute.Advocating a peaceful formula to end the ongoing crisis involving lawyers, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has called for self-censorship on usage of videos and photo clippings depicting the unsavoury incidents of March 2.\"The main point of the discussion is to end the impasse and to adopt measures so that such incidents don't recur. The government is trying to solve the problem and is not shirking its responsibilities. We've appointed a judicial inquiry and a House probe by senior police officer R K Dutta. The temporary measures taken are shifting some designated courts functioning in the civil court premises. We'll also ensure that vehicles are not parked in the court premises after 6pm. All those responsible for smooth functioning should forget everything that has happened and work to create a peaceful atmosphere. Exhibiting videos and photo clippings to highlight the unsavoury incidents of March 2 should be stopped forthwith by all,\" he said.The advocates' main demand is transfer of top cops Shankar Bidari and Jyothi Prakash Mirji... No comments.The advocates are also demanding the resignation of home minister R Ashoka and law minister S Suresh Kumar . Did they fail in their responsibilities? I've appealed to advocates not to make the resignations of the ministers a prestige issue. Mistakes have happened - let's wait for the outcome of the judicial inquiry. I'd like to assure everyone that all those who have committed mistakes will certainly be punished. Merely making allegations will not serve any purpose.Was there intelligence failure as pointed out by governor HR Bhardwaj? The government has already initiated action by constituting a judicial inquiry. I don't want to comment on others' remarks.As an advocate, how would you have reacted in this stand-off? It's the duty of all in the society to maintain law &amp; order. I once again appeal to everyone to end this impasse. Let's all work for the state's progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12220862", "title": "Gene discovery offers hope for pill that can extend life by 20 years", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have identified a gene that could hold the key to extending life by up to two decades.The gene is found in all mammals and is known to protect against age-related cell damage.The scientists manipulated the gene, SIRT6, in laboratory mice and found it extended their lifespan by up to 15 per cent, the Daily Express reported.They hope the discovery will lead to the creation of a pill to help older people stay fitter, healthier and live longer - a breakthrough akin to finding \"the fountain of youth\".According to results of a trial, when researchers from Bar-Ilan University in Israel reduced or removed the gene, the mice developed diabetes , curvature of the spine and aged faster.Mouse and human SIRT genes are 80 per cent identical.\"This gene is important to health and if you can tinker with it to get the body to make more of it then we could get people living longer,\" said Biologist Dr Haim Cohen, who led the study.This gene is important to health and if you can tinker with it to get the body to make more of it then we could get people living longer Dr Cohen explained \"We can't inject the gene so we are looking for a pill that can turn on the gene. If we can do that, then we might have found the fountain of youth.\"Dr Cohen believes a pill could be taken in young adulthood or middle age before the ageing process begins. However, he says human trials are years away.The SIRT6 gene is part of a group of seven related pieces of DNA that has already excited drug companies.The finding was published in the journal Nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12215177", "title": "Bangalore student tops Science Olympiad", "text": "BANGALORE: \"We are extremely delighted. If she is able to develop something for society, we will be even more grateful to God!\" exclaims Prof Debabrata Das, proud father of 11-year-old Debeshree Das.Debeshree, a Class V student, is an international topper (Level 2) in the National Science Olympiad (NSO), Asia's biggest Science Olympiad, which has 7,000 schools participating and 6,500 shortlisted students.\"She always dreamt of being a scientist,\" her father added. Debeshree gave the science (Level 5) examination at the NSO examination held in Bangalore and was confident of doing well right from the beginning,\" Das asserted.Debeshree will receive her prize in another two months at a function in New Delhi. \"I worked hard for the NSO examination. But I was pleasantly surprised to see my name as the international and state rank holder,\" said Debeshree, a student of Bethany School. Her parents were her guiding force.While her father, an alumnus of IIT Kharagpur, is an associate professor at Indian Institute of Information Technology-Bangalore, mother Mohua Das is a doctorate in Physics.Acknowledging Debeshree's achievements, Akash Ryall, director of Bethany School, said the little girl has been an outstanding student and a prodigy. He adds that she is a great orator as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216152", "title": "Police book one for fraud", "text": "NAGPUR: Dhantoli police has registered an offence of fraud against 51-year-old Rajendra Gupta on Friday. He was charged with forgery after his action led to the loss of Rs 3.34 lakhs to a private finance and investment consultation company.Representative of Dhantoli-based Stock Holding Corporation of India Limited approached the police after the private company was forced to sell off 40,000 shares for a loss. The shares, worth around Rs 3.34 lakhs, were purchased at the instance of Gupta who later refused to pay for them. The company waited for Gupta's acceptance but later was forced to sell the shares at a lower price.Dhantoli police, who have charged Gupta with section 420 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) for cheating, is yet to nab the culprit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "as both the congress party and the bjp grappled with morning-after blues in the wake of a fractured mandate the electorate in uttarakhand threw up and tried to cobble up a workable majority by winning over the four independent and three bsp legislators elect, the political circles were abuzz with a unique question", "code": "12223706", "title": "Would a Dalit make it to the high chair in Uttarakhand?", "text": "As both the Congress Party and the BJP grappled with morning-after blues in the wake of a fractured mandate the electorate in Uttarakhand threw up and tried to cobble up a workable majority by winning over the four independent and three BSP legislators elect, the political circles were abuzz with a unique question: would a Dalit make it to the high chair in Uttarakhand? Chances are, yes, Uttarakhand may have its first Dalit chief minister if the Congress, now going to form the government, shows courage and foresight to appoint a Dalit CM, and if it does so it has a strong candidate, Pradesh Congress President and former Assembly Speaker Yashpal Arya who has returned to the legislature for the fifth time.But what if a Dalit CM becomes a reality?'It would be the most positive event in the history of Uttarakhand,' says Shekhar Pathak, a retired professor of history at Kumaon University, Nainital, who has conducted pioneering research on the Dalit community of Uttarakhand hills, known as Shilpkar. The Dalits of Uttarakhand constitute almost one-fourth, 23% to be precise, of the population, and consist of largely the landless, the artisans, the craftsmen, and the marginal farmers. Owing to untouchability, still rampant barring a few urban centres where access to modern education and employment opportunities has helped uplift the urban Dalits, the community has borne the brunt of discrimination in every walk of life, with few opportunities of economic and social mobility. While one can still hear an upper-caste person telling them on their face, 'Hey, what will you do by pursuing learning, this is not meant for you,' a crumbling government educational structure has only added to their educational and economic backwardness. There is no surprise then if the school dropout rate is the highest among them and if they lag far behind in their educational attainment compared wigh the upper castes. As a natural corollary, they have not benefited from reservation to the extent the Dalits of other states have.Their exclusion is not confined to educational and socioeconomic spheres, however. In the political sphere, too, the story is not so encouraging. Although they return 15 legislators after every election to the Uttarakhand Assembly, they have had no representation in the political executive in any dispensation, Congress or BJP, and this cannot be a coincidence, this is rather by design by which the upper-caste political leadership excludes them from policymaking and plan implementation. Here is a case in point.The majority of the Uttarakhand Dalits have traditionally been Congress supporters, and this fact was brought to the fore when Congress registered a historic victory in the first Assembly election of 2002. The then Pradesh Congress President Harish Rawat had admitted before the media that a 'particular community' had helped the party to secure the state, and this victory acted as a catalyst in the revival of the party's fortunes across the country.Still the Congress government led by ND Tiwari had no Dalit leader in its Cabinet. The recent BJP government, with no Dalit leader in its Cabinet either, allowed to lapse a corpus of Rs 5,000 crore under Special Component Plan.The Dalits have returned only five Congress legislators despite the party having a Dalit leader as its state president which reflects the community's increasing disillusionment with Congress, bereft as it is of any political empowerment. If some highly placed sources in the state Congress are to be believed it was high time the party leadership thought of winning over the Dalits, and a beginning can be made by appointing a Dalit chief minister in Uttarakhand. It will send a right message to Dalits across the country, particularly those of Uttar Pradesh wining which Rahul Gandhi has made a cause celebre, a test case for his prime ministerial ambitions, and if the disappointing results of Assembly elections are any indication it is going to be a long haul for his party.While appointing a Dalit chief minister in Uttarakhand may help the party win over the Dalits in the long run, it will have far-reaching consequences for the Dalits of Uttarakhand. On the one hand it will symbolically hit at the very heart of the upper-caste domination of the polity and social life of Uttarakhand, steeped as it is in the Aryan culture of exclusion, and on the other hand it will give Dalits a sense of political empowerment. Alluding to the example of Uttar Pradesh, which has been witness to Dalit assertion thanks to a strong Dalit movement and ascension of BSP to power in the state, with Mayawati at the helm, avers Prof. Vivek Kumar of JNU, 'It has definitely made the Dalits across the state conscious of their rights, and today a poor Dalit boy shows the courage to stand up and speak of his rights.' Political empowerment has certainly helped create a ground for this kind of assertion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12214697", "title": "High court blast: Wife of wanted Hizbul militant detained in J&K;", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Jammu &amp; Kashmir police has detained the wife of a top Hizb-ul Mujahideen militant who is said to have played a key role behind the Delhi high court blast. Police said they were investigating whether Tasleema Begum was \"sheltering\" her husband and wanted militant Shakir Hussein after the National Investigative Agency declared a reward on anyone who could provide information on him.Sources said the woman was picked up for questioning from a small hamlet in the Kishtawar area. Several agencies have been camping in the area and asking for help from the Indian Army to arrest a few Hizb operatives who, the NIA believes, were the brain behind the Delhi high court attack in September 7, 2011.The police questioning comes amid reports that Tasleema was seen with Shakir alias Chota Hafiz (25) in the hills about a fortnight ago. Reports said a police party raided the residence of the militant commander's in-laws at Tata Pani on early Friday and detained the 25-year-old housewife and her parents. They were immediately taken to the district headquarters Kishtwar where a joint team of officials from the J&K; police and the NIA is questioning them about the whereabouts of Shakir, sources said.The NIA had published \"wanted\" notices for Amir Ali Kamal alias Akram, Junaid Akram Malik alias Juni alias Umair and Shakir Hussain Sheikh alias Chota Hafiz alias Adil in various local newspapers in Jammu and Kashmir. The notices followed a massive manhunt for Junaid in the Dachhan area of Kishtwar after leads emerged about his presence in that region, NIA sources said.According to the NIA notice, the three, suspected to be associated with the militant outfit Hizb-ul Mujahideen, allegedly played a crucial role in the conspiracy that led to the blast at the Delhi high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214675", "title": "Control room for SSC exams", "text": "HYDERABAD: A control room has been set up in the office of the director of government examinations, Chapel Road, Nampally, to address and dispose of all complaints regarding the conduct of SSC Public examinations. The control room will be functional from March 10 to April 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12216761", "title": "Congress stages dharna for cut down in cement price", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Hundreds of activists of Congress led by former MP Naresh Puglia staged day long sit-in agitation at old Warora Naka square on Saturday to press the demand of reducing the cement price in the state a la Chhattisgarh.Chandrapur is sole centre of cement production in the state having five major cement industries. These industries collectively produce around 40,000 tons (2 lakh bags) per day. Each unit enjoys different perks in terms of fly ash mixing, subsidy in sales tax etc and reaps profit of over Rs 300 crores per annum. Still the price of cement has sky rocketed to Rs 270-285 per bag in local market. Puglia had demanded a cut down of Rs 50 per bag in cement price. Cement industries in Chhattisgarh were forced by government to cut down their price by Rs 50 per bag.\"Cement costs Rs 127 in Pakistan . Imported foreign cement would have proved much cheaper in India, had there been lesser import duty,\" he said. He demanded curtailment in import duty on cement to bring down overall cement prices in the country.Puglia claimed these cement companies are allowed to use up to 30% of fly ash in cement. However in light of recent incidents of collapse of buildings in Nagpur and Mumbai, government should take up inquiry over quantity of ash being mixed in cement and fix the quantity. He also demanded for regularization of contract labours working in cement industry and stressed for full utilization of CSR funds of each of the company. Senior leaders including former ZP president Satish Warjurkar, former civic chief Manohar Paunkar, Suresh Mahakulkar, Rahul Puglia, Adv Avinash Thawri, Ramu Tiwari, Sunita Lodhiya and others also participated in the agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12224567", "title": "Steel City offie wants to make it big for Daredevils", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Sunny Gupta, the 23-year-old city cricketer, is elated on finding a place in the Delhi Daredevils team for the fifth edition of the Indian Premier League. The off-spinner, who has been consistent with the ball in the last few years, is confident of being able to utilise the IPL platform.With former Team India bowling coach Eric Simons being the chief bowling coach of Delhi Daredevils for the coming season, Sunny hopes the South African's guidance will shape his bowling career.\"He had been a bowling coach of the national team. I am sure his guidance will help me,\" he said.On his debut IPL season, commencing April 4, Gupta said it is a big platform to show his talent.\"Performance in IPL means a lot in every respect, and I am quite sure of making use of this international platform,\" Sunny said over phone from Chennai, where he is currently playing in a tournament.He said he is particularly looking forward to meet Virender Sehwag , the Daredevils captain. \"He is a prolific scorer and a fighter, and for young cricketers like us, he is an inspiration. I am excited to play under his captaincy,\" said Gupta.He added that he will not be a stranger in the Daredevils dressing room as many of their players have played with him at some stage of his domestic career.\"Not just (Sridharan) Sriram and Venugopal (Rao), my former colleagues (of Jharkhand) Shahbaz Nadeem and Varun Aaron have also played with me in a few tournaments in the past. It's a familiar house,\" said Gupta, who left home state Jharkhand and represented Tamil Nadu in the just-concluded Ranji Trophy.Gupta, who made his first-class debut against Madhya Pradesh in 2003-04, has played 28 first-class matches and taken over 59 wickets with an average of 42.35. In 11 Twenty20 matches, he has taken six wickets at an average of 27.83.The offie is the seventh cricketer from Jharkhand to make it to IPL. The others are - Mahendra Singh Dhoni , Saurabh Tiwary, Varun Aaron, Ishank Jaggi, Shahbaz Nadeem and Rahul Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12216053", "title": "Corporation to begin counting, mapping of homeless", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai is set to begin re-mapping and enumerating the homeless in the city jointly with the state government and with the help of the homeless. The process is expected to be completed by June 31.According to a recommendation by the Supreme Court-appointed monitoring committee, the exercise will help define who is a homeless person, the number of homeless individuals below and above the age of 18, people requiring medical help, women and homeless families, said a corporation official.While NGOs, activists and other members of the monitoring committee welcome the decision, there appears to be some confusion over the definition itself. Corporation sources said they are unlikely to include migrant labourers from other states. \"Then we will have thousands of people who do not want to bother finding a house. Even their employers will not bother arranging accommodation,\" said a corporation official.NGOs say migrant labourers are the main components of homeless in any city. \"In Delhi, the night shelters house mostly people from other states. Even today we have around 150 north Indians sleeping on roads in Avadi,\" said citizen activist Balasundar, who has been working with the homeless for years.Others want the exercise to reveal the locations where the homeless are concentrated. \"Point is to make living comfortable for the homeless by providing shelters within a 5km radius of their original habitat. We should also map the requirements of education for their children, ration shops, mode of transport and nature of employment,\" says Vanessa Peter, Programme officer, Action Aid India.Activists have been saying the lack of mapping was one of the main reasons for the failure of the existing night shelters in the city.Though the 2011 enumeration shows there are 11,116 homeless in the city, activists say a head count at night throws up a larger figure. \"This is why we have asked for the pavement dwelling community's help in mapping. It will give a more accurate count and help in better occupancy and functioning of the shelters,\" said Sundar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "12216579", "title": "Wait for info on bureaucrats' assets gets longer for RTI activist", "text": "Panipat: The wait to get property details of state bureaucrats continues to get longer as, even after two-and-a-half years of filing an RTI plea, the state information commission is not yet willing to part with the said information.Activist P P Kapoor had used the RTI to get property details of state bureaucrats which was denied to him by the SPIO attached with the office of chief secretary to government of Haryana on the ground that the applicant was undergoing imprisonment in a case related to a protest organized by his trade union in Panipat and that many of the officers had not given consent for revealing their property details.Following this, Kapoor moved the state information commission in December 2009, which had snubbed the said SPIO, holding that any citizen could use RTI to get any information. However, the matter pertaining to property details of bureaucrats was referred to a full bench of the commission.In his RTI plea, Kapoor had sought information about property details owned by all IAS, IPS, tehsildars, assistant tehsildars, HPS and HCS officers posted in the state, at the time of their joining duty and at the end of 2009. As the information was not provided to him in the stipulated time of 30 days, he had pleaded with the state information commission that the same be provided to him without charging any fee as was mandatory under the RTI Act.Kapoor said that though many state bureaucrats had agreed to give property details under the RTI, it was the commission which held back the details stating that a PIL related to the same issue was pending in the Punjab and Haryana high court and thus, any decision is this regard could be taken only after the PIL in the high court was settled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12214747", "title": "DTC bus kills man in Narela", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man died after he was hit by a DTC bus in Narela in northwest Delhi on Saturday. The incident took place around 2pm when K V Raj was standing at the Bhorgal bus stand.\"He was taken to the hospital where he died during treatment. A case has been registered under causing death due to rash and negligent driving and we are looking for the errant driver. The deceased was a labourer in a DSIDC factory,\" said a senior police officer.DTC buses caused 79 fatal accidents that resulted in the deaths of 83 people till mid-December 2011. In 2010 during the same period, DTC buses caused 48 accidents, killing 50 people, which means the rate of accidents has gone up up by nearly 60%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214608", "title": "HMDA turns blind eye to illegal layouts on outskirts", "text": "HYDERABAD: A large number of unauthorized layouts have mushroomed in the last few years on the suburbs of the state capital, particularly within Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) limits. But with urban civic authorities turning a blind eye to such irregularities, gullible people are being cheated by property developers.In the past four years, over 1,500 layouts - all above five acres - have come up in these areas even as HMDA says that only 71 layouts have received final approval since 2009. Official sources say only big developers and cooperative housing societies have been approaching them for approval of layouts. A majority of these applications are for residential complexes or gated communities and group housing scheme layouts with model designs and, it is learnt that there are only a handful of applications for individual residential layouts, especially those spread over 10 acres.Sources in HMDA said that, so far, just one final approval has been extended this year against 13 in 2011, 31 in 2010 and 26 in 2009. These layouts were developed in Medchal, Kistapur, Sahebnagar, Dulapally, Gundla Pochampally, Maripallyguda, Bahadurpally, Kompally, Ameenpur, Yapral, Gopanpally, Turkapally and Kuntlur.A practice that was once widespread in the western parts of the city is now being observed on the east side where, close to the Warangal state highway, IT bigwig Infosys and other software companies are setting up shop.Currently, HMDA's planning wing seems to have limited itself to collecting fines and okaying unapproved plots under the Layout Regularisation Scheme (LRS) and master plan approval even as illegal layouts sprout under its nose.The erstwhile Hyderabad Urban Development Authority (Huda) had, in 2006, taken up a massive drive when it identified 540 illegal layouts. But following the merger of Huda with the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Hyderabad and the creation of HMDA with its jurisdiction spreading over 6,000sq km, checks against illegal constructions have become loose.The Ranga Reddy district administration had also come out with a list of 227 unapproved layouts in villages falling under GO 111 area where restrictions on permanent development is banned. Even then, the authority has not taken any action against illegal layouts.As per HMDA's layout rules, any developer who intends to develop a property that is bigger than five acres has to apply for permission along with an undertaking to mortgage 15% of the area with some portion earmarked for the economically weaker sections. In the layout, the developer has to mention and provide the blueprint for 40-feet wide internal roads with blacktop, street lighting, overhead tanks, 10% open space, parks and sewerage system.Having fulfilled all the conditions, the developer should approach HMDA for final approval of the layout. Only a few developers approach the urban development authority for permission while a majority of them sell plots to people even without applying for layout approval.\"Some people are just applying for permission. After getting their Draft Technical Layout Plan, they start advertising their project. They do not apply for final approval as most of them fail to comply with layout rules,\" admitted an HMDA official.These developers assure buyers that it is best to leave regularization for later, by availing of LRS, since costs would go up if they were to fulfil HMDA's conditions. What some prospective property buyers do not know is that LRS is open only for those plots which were purchased before December 2007.\"Developers shy away from seeking HMDA approval mainly for reasons like land use and conversion problems, urban land ceiling, dispute over the land etc.\" PVSN Murthy, a realtor, said.Even after repeated attempts, HMDA director (planning) S Vishwanath was not available for comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12214700", "title": "SP North to probe PI's election conduct", "text": "PANAJI: SP (north) Vijay Singh will conduct a departmental inquiry against former Vasco PI Francis Corte, who was suspended on election day for allegedly failing to act on a complaint lodged by a candidate's relative regarding distribution of money on election eve.The police had received a complaint that a car was moving in a suspicious manner in municipal ward 9 and 10 in Baina on March 2 evening.It was alleged that a candidate's brother was sitting in the vehicle and carrying money for distribution in Baina.Both wards are in Vasco constituency after delimitation.While some people intercepted the vehicle, it has been alleged that Corte reached the spot and instead of checking the vehicle, asked the crowd to disperse, allowing the vehicle to get away sans checking.Police brass has also sent a report to the Election Commission of India informing it of the reasons for suspending the officer.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12223344", "title": "Now, Mayawati expresses possibility of mid-term elections, asks party workers to be ready", "text": "LUCKNOW: BSP chief Mayawati on Sunday asked party workers to be ready for the mid-term Lok Sabha elections, possibilities of which have increased in the wake of changed political scenario of the country after recent elections in five states, including UP.Apprehending large scale violence against BSP supporters in the SP regime, she also announced that the BSP will not contest any elections in UP, including forthcoming urban local bodies polls, which are conducted by the state machinery. She said that her party will participate in only those elections which are conducted by the Election Commission of India under Central security forces because past experience show that elections conducted by state machinery under SP rule have never been free and fair.BJP and Shiromani Akali Dal have already expressed possibilities of mid-term poll. Similar possibilities were also expressed by the Trinmool Congress leader and union railway minister Dinesh Trivedi but he later took a U-turn and denied that his party wants early Lok Sabha elections.Addressing All India Workers Convention, Mayawati said that the BSP has lost assembly polls in UP but has got impressive vote share and with little ground work can score big in the parliamentary elections. She said that the difference between BSP and SP in assembly elections was of only 24.50 lakh votes but it made SP win 144 more seats than BSP. She also dissolved all party units at the district and assembly levels and brotherhood committees formed to bring other castes and communities close to BSP and blamed party coordinators for not providing correct feedback of the ground situation which led to party's defeat.Mayawati said that she would now personally supervise the overhauling of party organisation and preparation for the parliamentary elections.Mayawati also criticised both SP and Congress.\"Under Congress led UPA government, the country has only seen the rise in corruption and prices,\" she said.She also said that the law and order is bound to collapse under SP rule, the glimpse of which has been seen in the form of spurt in cases of violence in the state from the day SP won the assembly elections.\"The goonda raj is back and in most of the violent cases witnessed so far, BSP voters and leaders have been were targeted by the SP goons,\" she alleged. Under such circumstances, she claimed, contesting local bodies elections would put life and property of the BSP supporters under threat because SP, which has never performed well in civic polls, this time would go to any extent to show that its base has increased.Interestingly, the BSP has not been contesting local bodies poll in UP since 2002 because it does not have base in urban areas. Another reason was that the local bodies elections were held just before the assembly polls. Hence, a defeat in the local bodies polls would have put an adverse impact on the assembly elections. This time also, the local bodies elections were due in November 2011 but the then BSP government created a situation leading to postponement of elections till April. Though the state election commission had announced that it was ready to hold elections on time, the BSP government delayed the process by taking plea that reservation and delimitation of wards under urban local bodies is not complete because of absence of adequate population data.On BSP's defeat in the assembly elections, Mayawati said the Congress communalised the elections on the issue of Muslim quota and added that the BJP tried to take advantage of the situation by trying to polarise votes of religious lines.Apprehending that polarisation of upper castes and backward classes among Hindus may bring the BJP to power, she said over 70% Muslims voted for SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "12216455", "title": "It all began in a military school in Rajasthan", "text": "ALWAR: Akhilesh Yadav learnt his first leadership lessons in Rajasthan, where he spent six childhood years at Dholpur's Military School and led its hockey and football teams.Akhilesh's former schoolmates and teachers remember him as an average student, who excelled in sports. 'Akhilesh was admitted to the school in July 1983 and studied here from class VI-XII . As a student, he was mediocre, but excellent in sports , especially hockey and football,\" said Nikhil Agrwal , who was Akhilesh's junior. He said Akhilesh was quite famous in the school for his leadership qualities. \"He enthusiastically took part in all school activities,\" said Nikhil.His friends are delighted that Akhilesh would take over as the most influential state's chief minister. \"It was obvious that Akhilesh will become a politician some day. But when he has actually become the chief minister, it is quite delighting,\" said Nikhil.His classmate, Piyush Badola, described Akhilesh as a humble student. 'Akhilesh's background was quite known in the school. Despite that he had no ego and used to mingle with all the students and teachers. Akhilesh invites his classmates to Agra for parties till date,\" said Piyush.Another schoolmate, Nilesh Modi, said Akhilesh used to return to the school after holidays in a helicopter. \"All students used to gather on the school building's rooftop to see the helicopter landing near the school,\" said Nilesh. As per the school records, Akhilesh ranked 31st in class VI, but secured 21st position in Class VIII. \"Akhilesh improved in his studies. He chose science steam in class XI and finished his school in March 1990,\" said a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12214852", "title": "Man alleges threat to life from councillor, cops deny shots fired", "text": "NEW DELHI: A stove manufacturer from the Tigri Camp area has alleged that the husband and brother-in-law of a local councillor from south Delhi had threatened him with dire consequences and fired in the air.The incident took place on Thursday evening near Sangam Vihar in southeast Delhi.Police have registered a case but denied that shots were fired. \"Prima facie the allegations are not backed by evidence nor has he clarified the reason for being threatened. However, we are looking into the case,'' said an investigating officer.The police said the victim, Nayeem, has alleged that Narender Gangwal - husband of councillor Rashmi Gangwal from Tigri (ward 179) - and his brother stopped him on his way home after offering Namaz. \"He has alleged that the two threatened him and even fired in the air. However, no one heard shots being fired. The councillor told us Nayeem has criminal cases lodged against him and was concocting the story to harass her during MCD elections.\"She told us Nayeem had an argument with her husband on February 27 and since then has been looking for ways to get back at him. We will take into consideration both the versions,'' the investigating officer said.The police said they have so far detained no one. They will question the councillor to find out why both the parties are at loggerheads, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12215144", "title": "City gets facelift at the expense of greenery", "text": "KOLKATA: Private contractors appointed by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) to lay the roadside kerb channels afresh hacked the roots of a Gulmohur tree on Ballygunge Circular Road on Saturday, leaving locals shell-shocked.Techie Amit Shah was walking down from the bank when he noticed a worker furiously wielding an axe at the base of a 20-feet high tree that had been planted during a green drive five years ago. On stepping closer, he was horrified to see that roots were being mercilessly hacked.\"The contractor was supervising the laying of new kerb stones. Since the new stones were twice as thick as the earlier ones, one of the workers engaged in the job was shaving three inches off the footpath edge to make space for setting the stones. When he reached the tree, the protruding roots came in the way. The supervisor then ordered the axing of the roots so that the stones would align perfectly. It never occurred to him that the whole tree would be in peril,\" said Shah.Though he stopped any further hacking, the damage was already done. \"The roots had spread out in all directions. In the section facing the road, the roots had grown till they were blocked by the kerb stone. Thereafter, the roots had got intertwined into a mesh. To lay the new kerb stone, all the roots facing the road were cut off,\" Shah recounted.What irked him further was that despite the presence of a bank, a spectacle store, a cafeteria and a parlour selling frozen dessert, no one had bothered to step out and protest. \"It all happened in broad daylight on a street that is quite busy. I had thought that people had become more sensitive to such destructive acts. But apparently, no one seems bothered,\" he said.Green activist Bonani Kakkar, who lives in the neighbourhood, expressed shock on learning what had happened. \"The way the roots have been hacked, not only will the water and nutrient supply to the tree be affected, it has also been left extremely vulnerable. I doubt if the tree will be able to withstand a strong gale when the Nor'wester arrives,\" she said.Kakkar also questioned the manner in which saplings were planted close to the road edge that constricted the root development. \"When a green drive is undertaken, the concerned department mindlessly plants trees. Then when a beautification drive is taken up, another department blindly destroys the full-grown trees,\" she said.Pruning that generally happens ahead of monsoon, is also being carried out now in areas where roads are being re-laid. \"The trees are being cut to garner enough firewood to fuel the tar melting machine. Someone ought to stop this mindless destruction of greenery by contractors,\" Kakkar added.KMC member mayor-in-council parks and squares Debasis Kumar said he would probe the matter. \"How can contractors cut off roots? Obviously, the engineers entrusted with overseeing the job was not present. And if trees are being cut for firewood in road repair work, it is a criminal act. I will look into it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12215197", "title": "Changes in the voters list for civic polls soon", "text": "KANPUR: The preparations for local bodies elections have began. The changes in the voters list would be made. Those who do not have their names in the voters list can get it done. The names of those who have expired would be cancelled. The change in the addresses of the voters would be accepted. This process would go on for a week and conclude on March 22. On April 10, the final voters list would be released.The ADM city said that the voters list would be updated and the work would commence from March 16. He said that the voter list for nagar nigam, nagar palika parishad, Ghatampur and Billhaur, nagar panchayat Bithoor and Shivrajpur would be updated.Between March 29 and April 2, the voters list would be prepared. On April 10, the final list would be printed and released.The officers would be available at the polling booths from March 16 to March 22. Those who wish to get their names included in the voter list will be required to fill a requisition form and submit it at the polling centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "12215154", "title": "Tribal woman raped by shop owner", "text": "Midnapore: A 25-year-old tribal woman was allegedly raped by a fertilizer shop owner at Keyabani village near Chandrakona in Garbeta on Saturday afternoon. Police are looking for the accused, Santanu Ghosh alias Tanu, who has fled the area.According to the complaint, Ghosh had lured the victim to his shop with the promise of helping her family get a house under the Indira Awas Yojana. When she arrived, he allegedly asked her to carry a bag of fertilizer to his house. He showed her the way. As soon she entered his room, Ghosh allegedly locked it from inside and raped her.The victim returned home and told her family of the ordeal. They immediately went to police and lodged a complaint against Ghosh. \"We have received a complaint that the woman was raped. An investigation has been started,\" a police officer said.\"The victim is a Trinamool worker. We demand the immediate arrest of the culprit,\" said Trinamool block leader Akash Dip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12215152", "title": "IIM students gear up for a theatre called life", "text": "It was a class in IIM-B alright. And, the professor was well in place. But students were not engrossed in an hour-long lecture but rolling in laughter watching their classmates act out a scene in the back benches. The class was theatre management course for PGP fourth semester.After three semesters of endless lectures, the students learnt a course that needed no mugging up, one that did not teach perfect answers for imperfect questions and something that prepared them for the theatre of life. The theatre management course was provided as an elective in the final semester of IIM-B for its flagship PGP programme. At least 40 students had opted for the course for which the exams were held last week. The course, like all other electives, carried three credits and was 10-week long with 20 sessions in it.GET THOSE SKILLS RIGHT The class, conducted by accomplished theatre artiste Vijay Nair, is aimed at providing managerial skills through fun and frolic of theatre. It involved routine theatre exercises that helped in team building and developing acting skills, script writing and reading, watching and analyzing plays and finally producing an original one by themselves.\"Each exercise had a managerial skill to teach us. For instance, there was an exercise where the students had to randomly call out numbers from 1-100. However, no two students should call it out at the same time. In the game, we have to think what 39 others will do as well. Even in corporate life, the synergy between the team members is important. You have to listen to others and process,\" said Saba Rahman, a student who attended the course. Students were given impromptu scenes to act out, ranging from a scene of a bomb blast to the scene where the character is almost going to miss his flight. The exercises were also varied. In one instance, students were asked to stand in pairs; with one student playing the mirror image of the other. They also watched a play at Ranga Shankara and analyzed it.CORPORATE TOUCH \"MBA classes are more about framework. On the other hand, everything was about thinking at the drop of a hat and out of the box. All this is required in a play that is being acted out live. And, you learn to manage crisis on stage,\" she added.Agreed another student Mukesh Kumar: \"Corporate life is like that. You have to get work out from colleagues even when you have no formal power over them. The work has to be done with whatever resources we have. No books will teach us those lessons.\"The final exam was to present an original play, 15-minute long, made by students from scratch on romance. \"The synchronization from the entire team is required to get a play on stage. There's a lot of creativity involved, with impromptu decisions made, managing the actions on and off stage for 15 minutes. Management and theatre are not two different worlds,\" said Gurkirat Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12214767", "title": "Raipur court issues arrest warrant against Jayesh Parab", "text": "PANAJI: Raipur police have issued a \"wanted\" notice against Jayesh Parab, a close associate of Prasanna V Ghodge of Star Guthka and PVG Exporter and Logistics, after the chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Raipur, issued an arrest warrant against Parab for failing to appear before the court.Parab is allegedly involved in selling inferior iron ore fines to an exporting firm in Goa by falsely showing the fines as being rich in iron (Fe). PVG Exporter and Logistics, is a supplier of iron ore for exports and is involved in mining activities in Goa.Confirming the issuance of wanted notice, Raipur special investigation cell PI Ashok Joshi said, \"Parab was to remain present before the CJM on February 28. However, he failed to appear in court and an arrest warrant was issued against him. As we couldn't trace him, the SSP, Raipur, has issued a wanted notice and declared that any person who provides information about the accused shall be rewarded with a cash prize of 15,000\".PI Joshi added, \"We are yet to arrest another accused in the case - Ghodge. He has moved for anticipatory bail in a court in Sindhudurg, Maharashtra. We will oppose this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12214922", "title": "MCD polls to cost Rs 50 crore, 70,000 staff put on job", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arrangements to organize the municipal elections slated for April 15 are going to be a costly affair. The Delhi State Election Commission (SEC) estimates that the mega exercise is likely to cost around Rs 50 crore.As per the rule book, the bill for these arrangements to ensure a smooth election -- which the Commission calls \"unavoidable\" -- will be paid from the non-plan funds of the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD).Delhi State Election Commissioner Rakesh Mehta on Monday set an expenditure limit of Rs four lakh on campaigning for candidates. However, the Commission's expenditure on arranging the civic polls is expected to be around Rs 50 crore. Mehta admits that the costs involved are high but claims they are unavoidable.Elaborating on the sheer size of the exercise, the SEC operating out of the Nigam Bhawan near Kashmere Gate is going to roll out elections across the capital aided by a staff of nearly 70,000 employees drawn from various districts and departments to ensure that all 13,000-odd polling booths are well regulated and security arrangements are in order.For transportation the Commission will be hiring cars, buses and trucks.\"The Commission has the herculean task of arranging transportation and food for the staff and officials engaged in making the election possible. The municipal polls require 13,000 electronic voting machines but SEC is engaging 16,000 to ensure that there are extra EVMs on standby,\" Mehta added.The Commission also has some 100 forms and booklets such as the code of conduct, handbook for presiding officers and returning officers that have to be printed in thousands to cater to all polling booths. According to Mehta, police deployment on poll day and on the day of counting forms a major component of the total expenditure.Already, the hectic pace of activity is evident at Nigam Bhawan where staff is busy working at a frenetic pace to meet deadlines and cater to requirements of all polling booths and counting stations.On Tuesday, the SEC issued an order laying out the rules for the issue of symbols to political parties and independent candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12216664", "title": "Fulchur gram panchayat alleges foul play in allotment of land for Muslim cemetery", "text": "GONDIA: Office bearers of Fulchur gram panchayat (GP) near Gondia have alleged that some miscreants have forged documents to get land allotted for a Muslim cemetery in the village. This land was reserved to build houses for the poor, they alleged in a press conference on Saturday. The officials alleged that the GP was kept in the dark in the entire affair.Most vernacular dailies had reported that 0.60 hectare land in Gat No. 403 of village Fulchur had been allotted for a Muslim graveyard and relevant papers were given to community leaders by Congress MLA Gopaldas Agrawal a few days back. Sub divisional officer of Gondia Anant Walaskar was reportedly present on the occasion.As this news spread in the village on March 7, villagers were left stunned, but did not bring up the issue in view of Holi festival, to avoid any untoward incident.On Saturday, office bearers this Fulchur GP, including sarpanch Rajesh Katre, Shivnarayan Nagpure and president of Tanta Mukti Samiti Manish Bais alleged that the GP had not passed any resolution regarding the Muslim cemetery. They alleged that some miscreants must have prepared forged documents and given them to the SDO, who handed them over to the MLA.The GP office bearers said that due to holidays last week they had not been able to verify the documents in this issue. GP secretary RP Ugale, who maintains the GP records, was conspicuous by his absence at the press conference.The office bearers also said that a few months back some residents of Govindpur had approached them for land for a graveyard, but the GP had refused permission. They said they did not want to give land even now because there is already a Muslim graveyard in Fulchur.The GP was going to hold a gram sabha meet, and after that lodge a police complaint against the miscreants responsible for this.SDO Anant Walaskar was out of headquarters. MLA Gopaldas Agrawal said that in principle he was in favour of giving land for the Muslim cemetery, but did not have any role in allotting this particular land for the cemetery. He also said that from what he understood, the land has not been allotted to any institution or community, but they were given only 'nistar' rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12224041", "title": "VNN struggles to free city of filth", "text": "VARANASI: With the Varanasi Nagar Nigam still struggling to remove heaps of garbage accumulated along the roads marking post-Holi celebrations, the growing menace of mosquitoes has started to give sleepless nights to the authorities. To make matters worse, the health department of VNN is yet to come up with fogging schedule to counter the threat of mosquitoes, considered as vectors of infectious diseases.A backlog of accumulated wastes and garbage along residential colonies and roads is serving as a proliferating ground for mosquitoes. \"The lifting of garbage and solid wastes from residential colonies and door-to-door campaign has begun and backlog of garbage would be cleared in the next two days. The work was temporarily hampered due to festivity but it would definitely gain momentum in the coming week. Efforts are being made to not allow them to become the proliferating ground for mosquitoes in the city,\" says Anupam Pandey, project manager of the company that is looking after door-to-door collection and removal of wastes from secondary garbage collection centres in the city.However, while the pathetic sanitary conditions were still evident in many parts of the city, most of them still trying to get out of hangover of post-Holi celebrations, the menace of mosquitoes could be easily experienced across the residential colonies. \"Our flat is thronged by swarms of mosquitoes that attack mostly in the evening hours. The surprising part is that they easily counter the mosquito repellants and eforts to counter their threat often proves futile. As the last resort, we have to depend on mosquito nets for thwarting their attack in the night hours,\" said Rajendra Tiwari, a government employee in Shivpurwa (Mahmoorganj) locality in the heart of the city.If the reports of district malaria officer MA Khan are to be believed, the transition of receding winter and signs of early summer season is the prolific period for rise of mosquito threat. \"It is the period when weather conditions allow various mosquitoes to remain active by sucking blood and getting nutrition after long hibernation in the winter. Precautions like use of mosquito repellants should be taken and it is always advisable to use mosquito nets as safe bet to counter their threat,\" he informed.While the current financial year is set to conclude at the end of this month, VNN is also struggling to schedule fogging drive that curbs the mosquito menace on large scale. According to Nagar Health Officer BK Singh, most parts of the city were covered under fogging drive in the past two months and it would again start soon to curb the menace. \"There is a paucity of funds and equipments to carry the exercise on massive scale but we try to compensate by initiating bicycle-mounted fogging operation in different wards of the city,\" he added.It is also worth mentioning that there is no separate fund for fogging operation and VNN meets the fogging schedule through contingency fund of Rs 3 lakh that is distributed to carry out operation in different wards of the city every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "krishnagar", "code": "12223768", "title": "Slain NRI businessman's body reaches hometown", "text": "KRISHNAGAR: The body of Suhrid Das, an Indian-origin businessman who was shot dead in the US city of Atlanta, arrived at his home in Nadia district 16 days after his death.The 48-year-old Das' body reached the Kolkata airport yesterday and reached home in the night. The body was later cremated at Badkulla ghat.A pall of gloom descended on the neighbourhood of Uttar Surabhisthan under Taherpur police station when the body reached there.His wife Bina, son Souvik, a class VIII student, and mother Shantilata were unable to speak.Das was shot on February 23 night by two gunmen during an apparent robbery attempt when he was closing his shop. He was taken to hospital where he later died.Sanjay Das, a brother of Suhrid, said, he and another brother Ajay were crying at the Delhi airport while awaiting their flight to Kolkata the next day when West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee saw them and asked them why they were crying.After she heard from them about the incident, she instructed party colleague and Union minister Mukul Roy to make arrangements to bring Das' body to his native place.\"The state government helped us in processing the papers to bring the body from the US. We had also approached the government for financial help as the cost to bring the body was about Rs eight lakh,\" Ajay said. \"We did not get any positive response on that point. We mortgaged a land and arranged the money.\"Suhrid had gone to Atlanta in July, 2001. Initially, he used to work as an assistant in a shop. Later he started his own fast food shop there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12215216", "title": "Post-Holi rush in trains", "text": "KANPUR: The Kanpur Central railway station has started witnessing passenger rush after Holi. The maximum rush would be on Sunday as most of the people working in other cities will be returning to places like Delhi to join the offices on Monday. There is no reservation available in the trains for Delhi.The most sought after trains are Lucknow-New Delhi Swarnshatabdi Express and Kanpur-Delhi bound Shramshakti Express. In such a situation, the travel agents and coolies make a lot of money. They are the ones who make available tickets to the passengers at exorbitant rates. The passengers have to shell out more money to get confirmed tickets without bothering for anything else.The demand for the VIP quota for having a confirmed berth in the trains is also rising. This situation has arisen due to increased rush of passengers. The demand for VIP quota has been coming in for trains like Sangam Express, Rewa Express, Prayagraj Express, Gorakhdham Express, Shramshakti Express, Awadh Express, Pushpak Express, Kushinagar Express, Muri Express and other trains.The rush of passengers is too high in Jogbani express, Swarnshatabdi Express, Kanpur-Delhi Shatabdi Express, Patna Rajdhani Express, Kolkata Rajdhani Express, Vaishali Express, Poorva Express, Purshottam Express and Howrah-Jodhpur Express.In these trains, there is no reservation till March 13. The railway officials informed that after March 13, the rush in trains will decline till the schools close down for summer vacations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12218378", "title": "Chennai 'Guett's going!", "text": "The biggest party in town is here this weekend and Chennaiites seems to be flocking to Bengaluru to be a part of the fun..Its touted to be one of the biggest parties this weekend and the city's in high spirits. With the upcoming David Guetta concert tomorrow, fans in Chennai are excited as ever booking tickets, planning leaves and calling up friends to meet up. Even though the hype is not as big as Metallica, the craze is still there! Here's what the city music aficionados have to say..\"We are driving down with cousins and super excited about the trip,\" says Ajith Krishnan. The boys are taking a trip up to Bangalore making the trip an even more memorable one. \"Road trips are always an adventure. Even if its just 5 hours and to Bangalore,\"adds Ajith. For many, the trip is just to witness a concert and take in the kind of adrenaline rush and fun that one experiences at such concerts. Says Sharadha Rao, an ad copy writer, \"It's not like Guetta is a concert that I have been waiting for all my life like such pseudo fans like to mention. I want to go there to just experience that rush. I believe its mindblowing,\"grins Sharadha. Rightly said, even people who are not Guetta fans are attending the concert to just see how he performs without his artists for company. \"Guetta's songs have become famous with the help of his supporting singers. Without them, I don't know how much of the concert would actually be fun,\" says Dhruv Singh, a sceptic fan. \"Nevertheless, we are going just to see what's it like. God alone knows when he will come to India next,\"says Dhruv.Its an event that has been haunting for fans for quite sometime now. The Gurgaon fiasco that occurred in October is still fresh in the minds of some fans. \"I was there for the Metallica concert in Bangalore and I remember our apprehension whether the concert would happen or no,\" says Bala Menon. He hopes that the grounds are well maintained and the crowd decent. \"It will just be a shame if things go wrong and the concert doesn't happen because of an unruly crowd,\"concludes Bala.Here's hoping that the concert lives up to the hype and the electro-house fans get exactly what they want!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12219097", "title": "Shruti Haasan moves on!", "text": "After parting ways with Siddharth, Shruti Haasan has moved on and is apparently seeing a gora from London now.A close friend reveals that the break-up with Sid wasn't amicable and the two haven't been on talking terms since. It seems the Rang De Basanti actor went about bad-mouthing Shruti after their separation. A source reveals, \"Shruti isn't the sort to mope and mourn. She has her music and movies to concentrate on. After the break-up, she immersed herself in work and didn't let what people were saying affect her. But she was upset when she heard that it was Sid saying things about her.\" Well, there's no better revenge than success!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12215005", "title": "Our MLAs, their monies and misdemeanors", "text": "PANAJI: Look who we voted for! Of the 40 victorious candidates who won in the March 3 election to become members of the Goa legislative assembly, 12 have declared criminal cases against themselves in their affidavits. Twelve out of 40 means 30% of our legislators have criminal cases against them.We have certainly progressed; in the 2007 assembly elections, only nine Goan MLAs (23%) had declared criminal cases against themselves. These statistics on the criminal and financial details of the newly-elected MLAs of Goa have been gleaned from the election affidavits by an NGO, Goa Election Watch.Out of these 12 candidates with declared criminal cases, three have declared serious criminal cases like extortion, abetment of suicide, voluntarily causing grievous hurt, etc. The Congress has two and the Goa Vikas Party (GVP) has one such MLA.GVP supremo and new Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco has declared 10 cases against himself- the highest among all MLAS. These include charges related to extortion and abetment to suicide. The Congress' St Cruz MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate has declared two cases against himself including charges related to voluntary causing hurt. His wife, Congress' Taleigao MLA Jennifer, has declared one case including three charges related to voluntary causing hurt.Amongst major parties, every party has MLAs who have declared criminal cases. Out of the BJP's magic figure of 21, seven MLAs (33%) have admitted cases against them. The Congress has three out of nine (33%), GVP has one out of two (50%) and only one out of five (20%) independent candidates has declared criminal cases against himself.Out of all 40 MLAs analyzed from the Goa 2012 assembly election, 37 (93%) are crorepatis as compared to 55% crorepati MLAs in the Goa 2007 assembly election.Congress' Poriem MLA Pratapsing Rane has declared the highest assets of 25.87 crore. He is followed by rebel Congressman, Fatorda's latest MLA Vijai Sardesai with 25.21 crore. Taleigao MLA Jennifer Monserrate (Congress) has declared assets worth 23.07 crore.Three MLAs have declared assets of less than 1 crore. Twelve out of 40 MLAs (30%) declared liabilities of 1 crore and above.Among major parties, the average asset per candidate for Congress is 13.41 crore, for MGP is 6.78 crore, for BJP is 4.96 crore and for GVP is 4.43 crore. A total of 20 (50%) MLAs (out of 40 analyzed) are graduates or with higher educational qualifications. Only two (5%) MLAs (out of 40 analyzed) have passed Class VIII and below. Only one out of 40 Goan MLAs is a woman (3%).Average asset growth for re-contesting MLAs is 4.58 crore as compared to their assets in 2007. That means, the average percentage growth in assets of these MLAs is 171%.Sardesai has the highest increase in assets worth 19.75 crore (from 5.45 crore to 25.21 crore), followed by Pratapsingh Rane with an asset increase of 17.04 crore (from 8.82 crore to 25.87 crore) and Pandurang alias Deepak Dhavalikar of MGP from Priol constituency with an asset increase of 11.98 crore (from 1.41 crore to 13.40 crore).The highest percentage increase (1559%) has been for Alexio Reginaldo Lourenco, Congress' Curtorim MLA. His assets rose from 7 lakh in 2007 to 1.16 crore in 2012. He is followed by Dhavalikar with a percentage increase of 848% (from 1.41 crore to 13.40 crore) and Laxmikant Parsekar of BJP from Mandrem constituency with an increase of 749% ( 1.26 crore in 2007 to 10.74 crore in 2012).The MGP's new MLA from Ponda, Lavoo Mamledar, is the only MLA who has shown a decrease in his assets. His assets decreased by 25%, from 1.81 crore in 2007 to 1.35 crore in 2012.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12214961", "title": "'Will not back Shiv Sena just to elect an NCP mayor'", "text": "NASHIK: Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Saturday ruled out the possibility of his party forming an alliance with the Shiv Sena to gain control of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), in which no political party has a clear majority.His stand is in sharp contrast to the efforts being made by NCP leader and guardian minister of Nashik district Chhagan Bhujbal to rope in RPI leader Ramdas Athavale and form a post-poll alliance with the Sena-BJP in the NMC. Bhujbal had offered the mayor's chair to the RPI if Athavale managed to get the saffron alliance to team up with the NCP to gain control of the NMC, thereby keeping out the MNS, which has emerged as the single-largest party, winning 40 seats in the 122-member House.Pawar said that the NCP had done better in Nashik as compared to last time (in the 2007 civic polls) but will not join hands with the Shiv Sena. He said that the NCP had done much better even in the state.\"The party has fared better in the recent elections and hence we are definitely upbeat. As far as Nashik is concerned, the NCP will not go with the Shiv Sena just to elect a mayor,\" Pawar said, stopping short of clearing the haze over how the NCP would ensure that its mayoral candidate would get elected.\"In Nashik, we may have fallen short of expectations. The party is looking into the seats lost during the elections and an introspection process is being carried out,\" Pawar said. In Nashik, the NCP bagged 20 seats in the 122-seat House, with Congress bagging 15 seats.The NCP-Congress tally only reaches 35, while access to the treasury benches requires 62 votes. NCP has fielded its candidates only for the post of mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12216994", "title": "Cotton ginning mills closed for 3rd day to protest export ban", "text": "SURAT: While the central government is yet to decide on lifting ban on export of cotton, the cotton ginning mills in south Gujarat remained closed for the third consecutive day to protest the decision on Saturday.Sources said cotton ginning co-operative mills and cotton market yards in the region have announced an indefinite closure following the decision by Director General of Foreign Trade (DGFT) to ban export of cotton.There are four big cotton ginning mills in Surat, Olpaad, Hansot and Nizar. About 500 quintals of cotton are traded every day in the cotton market yards, which come from the local ginning mills located in the region.President of Olpaad Taluka Khedut Samaj Jayesh Patel said, \"The cotton ginning mills and the market yards in the region are closed for an indefinite period to protest the export ban. This is the third consecutive day.\"According to Patel, the export ban on cotton will cast a dark shadow on the cotton cooperative sector. At present, the per quintal price of cotton has registered a decrease of Rs 700 following the announcement of export ban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "machilipatnam", "code": "12214855", "title": "Three courts keep up with e-world", "text": "MACHILIPATNAM: Total computerization of court records in rural areas has been accomplished for three courts in Krishna district, at Machilipatnam, Vijayawada and Nandigama. The entire business of these courts will be uploaded on to a website, making life much easier for litigants, advocates and police. The website is to be formally launched on Sunday by AP High Court judge V Eswaraiah and district portfolio judge justice Nuthalapati Venkataramana. Talking about the development, district judge R Ramachandra Reddy on Saturday said that Krishna district had benefited from the implementation of the first phase of AP's courts computerization project.As a result of this, court orders can be updated online, and judgments and court orders would become more easily accessible. He said that the website would carry all the information pertinent to court affairs, including details about the progress of a case and reason for adjournment of a case. The computerized log will replace the existing manual court diary. The move makes for more efficiency in administration and speedy delivery of justice, said Ramachandra Reddy. He added that a computer centre would also be set up in the court complex to aid those without access to a computer. These outlets would provide printout of court proceedings at a nominal cost. \"Computerization would also help High Court monitor the performance of the lower courts, ultimately paving the way for speedy disposal of the cases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12216017", "title": "Before 2012: The \u2018AD\u2019 not all know", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sometime in the late 90s, Akhilesh Yadav fell in love. He was a 25-year-old football enthusiast, just back from Australia; and she was a 21-year-old Thakur girl from the hills in Uttarakhand, who loved horse-riding. She was a quiet, talented painter, he the Metallica-loving youth. It could not have been what either had planned, but a whirlwind romance followed, ending in a lavish, star-studded wedding in November 1999.Nearly 12 years have passed, and three children - Aditi, Tina and Arjun (they are twins) - have followed, but the sparks, those who know the couple closely say, are still visible. Little wonder that Dimple Yadav is reluctant to share her husband with Uttar Pradesh's 20 crore population.With Akhilesh's hectic campaign schedule over the past 6 months, it hasn't been easy. Their late-night impromptu stop-overs at coffee shops have taken a hit, as have family holidays to foreign shores. Impeccably trained as a socialist bahu though, the 33-year-old mother of three has adapted; already getting used to relinquishing control over AD (short for 'Akhilesh Dada', which she is known to fondly call him) and playing the role of the state's First Lady.For the 11 years she has spent in the Yadav household change, Dimple has become familiar with change. Through much of it, though, Akhilesh has hand-held her through it. Even so, as the wife of the CM designate, it is not unusual that Dimple is concerned about the amount of time he will be able to give to the family, once he takes over. \"Knowing the strength of their relationship, though, it will only be a matter of time before things fall in place,\" a close family source said.On the face of it, there's not too much the couple has in common. She is the second of three daughters of retired Indian Army Col SC Rawat. He is the down-to-earth, affable politician son of Mulayam Singh Yadav . Born in Pune, Dimple grew up adjusting to new places, situations and environments.Moving with her family, to places like the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Bhatinda, Bareilly and Lucknow, developing a passion for horse-riding in the cantonment school, finishing her graduation, and hoping, one day, to join a big \"company\". Politics, too, was never on the agenda. It could not have been more different for Akhilesh, a tree-loving environmental engineer, who has politics in his genes. Close family sources, though, say there could barely be a better match. \"They laugh a lot in each others' company. When they are together, they scarcely need any other company.There's plenty of reorientation on the cards for both Akhilesh and Dimple. At 21, she may have had plans to be a corporate honcho, but at 33, she has comfortable in her skin as the socialist bahu. For a young woman whose first task after she married Akhilesh was to learn how to drape a sari, Dimple has quietly donned the mantle of a housewife, rarely making a public appearance, apparently happy with letting her husband handle the public domain. He, known to be a doting father and a family man, will need to get used to stealing time for his family. Close family, though, says it will all, eventually, fall in line. \"Akhilesh is a man who is as committed to his family, as he is to his work. No one knows that better than Dimple.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12215690", "title": "Three-year-old girl raped in Bhilwara", "text": "JAIPUR: Even as the nation was rocked by the news of baby Falak being abused and abandoned, a three-year-old girl was admitted to JK Lon hospital here on Saturday after the infant was allegedly raped in Bhilwara five days ago.Doctors treating the girl said she has serious injury marks on some parts of her body.The women's wing of the BJP met the girl and her mother in the hospital and said a case will be filed with the women's commission in connection with the rape. BJP vice-president (state) Suman Sharma said, \"The chief minister has launched the Janani Shishu Surakha Yojna but women and children are not safe. In this case a small girl was raped.\"Sharma said the mother of the victim had called them for help in getting proper medical attention. She said that an unidentified person had raped her child. \"We will report the case to the women commission,\" Sharma added.Besides, the JK Lon hospital administration has constituted a three-member medical board comprising pediatricians, to take care of the girl. One of the three doctors, Dr Arun Gupta, said, \"The girl is not allowing us to touch her for examination. We will try again tomorrow (Sunday) to find out the extent of the injury she has suffered.\"He said that the healing may take some time hence they would keep the girl in the hospital for at least five to six days.A hospital official said she has been brought to Jaipur and admitted to the hospital so that she could get medical treatment from experts here.Falak has been battling for survival at AIIMS for over 50 days after she was abandoned with a fractured skull, bruises and human bite marks all over her body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12215389", "title": "Labourer held for brother's murder", "text": "PUNE: The Hinjewadi police on Friday arrested a labourer Suresh Rajput (22) for allegedly killing his elder brother Naresh Rajput (27), also a labourer, following a dispute over money to buy liquor.A magisterial court on Saturday has sent Suresh to police custody till March 15.Inspector Balasaheb Surve (crime) of the Hinjewadi police station said the Rajputs hailed from Uttar Pradesh and were working as centring workers at a construction site in Mhalunge, Mulshi taluka. The duo had been living on the premises of the construction for two years.According to Surve, on Friday, Naresh picked up a dispute with his brother after Suresh refused to give him money to buy liquor. He said that Suresh, in a fit of anger, stabbed Naresh in the chest with a knife. Naresh died on the spot.The construction firm's site supervisor, Ramesh Gauda, has registered a complaint against Suresh under section 302 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12214506", "title": "This Vasai fast is different", "text": "MUMBAI: You'd imagine a beauty salon would have all the action on a Friday evening, but this one was as deserted as a state bank on a public holiday. All the women in the building, and there are at least 50, were in the hall next door, stretching out their hands, and it was not for a mass manicure.We're witnessing a Christian service that takes place in Vasai every Lent-the time of prayer and fasting that lasts 40 days. Lent marks the period of Jesus' preparation for his death and ends on Holy Saturday, a day prior to Easter Sunday, which marks Christ's resurrection. It's the time of year when the Catholic Church reinforces its message on repentance, moral rectitude and spiritual renewal.While most adherents of the faith individually observe Lent through personal reflection and abstention from certain habits and foods, there are some, like the group in Vasai, who put up a united front. Every day for 40 days, young and old crowd the hall of a nondescript building in town from 10am to 6pm, praying, singing hymns, submitting invocations and, of course, fasting.But 'fast' is not a watertight term for absolute denial of food and water; it is, rather, symbolic of a more general abdication of selected routines. \"If one fasts without spiritual instigation, one could just as well be dieting,\" says Romeo Fernando , founder-member of this Lenten practice in Vasai. \"Remember, sin started with the act of eating,\" he says as an aside. (Adam's apple has been the metaphorical root of all evil in Christian scripture.) \"But to fast is to go deeper, it is to retire from the rat race (if even temporarily), to stabilise our emotions and to introspect. When the senses are subdued, intellect and emotions are enhanced, and we come away feeling wiser and spiritually stronger. By distancing ourselves from the material, we discover self-control.\"Each participant chooses his or her own formula for self-denial. A few, like Fernando, subsist on a light supper for 40 days, others, including some of the teenagers who attend the sessions, give up one meal and several 'favourite foods'. \"Our friends find it difficult to understand what we do. They think it abnormal that we pray and fast so long,\" says 23-year-old Pearl Pereira. \"But it's more difficult to fast when you're alone, and not with the group,\" observes 23-year-old Acquino D'Silva.But they're all committed to the cause and try to attend the service every day. Many school and college students drop by after class, as do teachers from the area. Seventeen-year-old Moriska Dias, who plays the organ here, says she has been attending the service from the year it began. \"I'm on study leave, so I attend every day,\" says the Std 11 student. Homemakers with babies at the hip visit after household chores are completed, and businessmen too drop in for a few hours. Some white-collar workers save their casual leave for this time. When the core group assembled for the first time seven years ago, there were only about 50 of them. After word spread in the Vasai diocese ), the numbers swelled and even touch 1,000 on a good day.The belief that there is power in numbers drives the congregation to pray with redoubled fervour. \"We pray and fast for one another's personal difficulties, our health and even national and global problems,\" says Rosie Pereira, a teacher. This year, their intercession includes relief for the social and political crises of Uganda , not least because a group of Ugandan Christians are visiting friends in Vasai and have been regular at the Lenten gathering. Scholastica Kabapadasa, one of the Ugandans, who appears in good health and spirits even though she has been dry-fasting, ie abstaining from liquids and taking only supper, says, \"One needs to identify an intention for which to fast, if one wants the fast to be successful.\" And should hunger come around, they remind themselves of Jesus chastening the devil in the desert with the words \"Man does not live by bread alone...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12218413", "title": "Javed Akhtar gives an advice to son Farhan", "text": "Though Bollywood is known to claim that script is king, some of the hits in recent times have proved otherwise.To encourage budding writers and make sure that content-based movies are churned out from the industry, Javed Akhtar and son Farhan are coming up with the concept of story bank. Scripts sent in by writers will be selected, stored and then recommended for making meaningful cinema. Not only will this help directors, this concept will also prove to be a huge advantage for budding writers who otherwise don't find an opportunity to show their quality work to production houses or film makers.The concept is a brainchild of the legendary lyricist and is supposed to be executed by Farhan and Ritesh Sidhwani under the banner of their production house. Says Javed, \"I just gave Farhan the idea of having a system in place to appreciate good scripts. They should be read, selected and recommended for making quality cinema. There is a need of good scripts in Bollywood. I have suggested that every month, two-three quality scripts be selected, recommended and worked upon for making movies. The final modalities will be worked out by Farhan and Ritesh. I have just given them the idea.\"Sources say that stories sent to the production house will undergo a three-tier selection process. First, they will be selected by a set of writers from the industry. Subsequently, the shortlisted ones will go to Javed Akhtar. The final selection will be made after screening by Farhan and Ritesh.Meanwhile, scriptwriters are excited about this concept. Says screenwriter Amrish Shah, who wrote \"Don 2\", \"This is a good move and will encourage budding writers. It will also help in upgrading the content churned out by Bollywood which suffers from a dearth of good scripts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "civil city", "code": "12216960", "title": "Teacher on a road safety mission", "text": "CIVIL CITY: What started as a topic in a competition has now become a passion for this teacher.Kritika Seth, who works in a city school, had participated in Microsoft innovative teacher leadership award in January and chose road safety as her subject not expecting it to become an indispensable part of her life.After the event, she started feeling the need to create awareness both among students and parents. Within two months, she delivered guest lectures in various schools and colleges and also conducted a survey on the reasons for accidents and whether people obey traffic rules or not.Seeing her passion, the school authorities also sought permission from CBSE to make it a part of the school syllabus.\"Accident rate in our city is increasing so there is dire need to create awareness. During my survey I came to know that inspired by video games kids experiment with speed on road when they grow up, resulting in fatal accidents,\" she says, adding that road safety has become a lifelong mission.Kritika is getting full support from her family too. Her husband, Sandeep Seth, a businessman is a big help. \"I am with her in making city roads safe,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12215971", "title": "Rahul Gandhi unable to connect with UP youth", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi failed to impress the youths in UP's top five districts having maximum concentration of first-time voters. A closer look at the 2012 Vidhan Sabha election results proves this. Of the 29 seats in these five districts, the Congress was able to win only two seats: Bilaspur and Suar in Rampur. In fact, the winning candidate from Suar seat, Nawab Kazim Ali Khan, is an SP turncoat. Contrary to this, Akhilesh won many a hearts in the region which is evident from the fact that 15 seats went to the Samajwadi Party's kitty.Jyotiba Phule Nagar tops this list with more than 4.66% first-time voters out of the total 11.30 lakh voters. It is followed by Rampur where out of the total 14.49 lakh voters, 1.07 lakh are in the age group of18-19 years.Pilibhit stands at the third place with 4.31% voters at the entry-level category. There are 12.68 lakh voters in Pilibhit. Districts of Kheri and Bijnor sand at fourth and fifth places with 4.01% and 3.37% voters in the age group of 18-19 years.In Jyotiba Phule Nagar, 6.69 lakh voters are below 39 years of age. There are four assembly seats in this district and all of them went to the SP. The victory translated into a hefty vote share of 35.5%. Against this, the Congress candidates in all seats could barely gather 15,000 votes. The ruling BSP still has a respectable presence in these districts. With a vote share of 26.8%, the BSP won seven seats.But what actually moved the youths? A random questionnaire survey undertaken by the state chapter of Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) on Wednesday offers an insight. \"Employment is something that bothers youths the most. Our survey revealed that SP's announcement relating to unemployment allowance and laptops was something that became a plus for the party. Among the rural youths, SP's promise for loan waiver up to Rs 50,000 did the trick,\" said Sanjay Singh, convenor ADR, UP. The survey included over 70 respondents across 10 districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12224283", "title": "Narendra Modi inaugurates fire safety institute in Waghodia", "text": "VADODARA: Chief minister Narendra Modi on Sunday inaugurated the Institute of Fire Safety and Disaster Management Studies at Navagama in Waghodia taluka here.The institute has been set up in collaboration with Indira Gandhi National Open University to impart quality training in the fields of fire fighting and protection, crisis and disaster management, rescue, hazardous material management, incident command systems and instructor training.Modi said affiliated with the Fire Science Academy of University of Nevada , Reno, United States, this institute is Asia's first which has oil fired zero discharge props.\"Gujarat is country's petrochemical hub. The petrochemical process industries represent a significant contribution to the nation's economy, but at the same time they also present a constant threat in the form of chemical accidents leading to fires and explosions,\" said Modi, appreciating the setting up of the state-of-the-art advanced emergency response training facility by Checkmate Group.MD of Checkmate Group Vikram Mahurkar informed that the institute in the last 14 years has trained over 2,100 firemen providing 90 per cent of them with campus placement. It has also trained and placed 40 tribal youths from Naswadi in a period of two years. The institute also gives training in local schools across villages for creating awareness about fire appliances, why fire occurs, how to deal with it, practical handling of fire extinguishers, and certain aspects of emergency response training in natural and man-made calamities. Built over an area of 100 acres, the facility is Asia's premiere flammable liquid fire fighting training centre, with full scale replicas of industrial facilities for flammable liquid fires, technical, confined space and vertical rescue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12219295", "title": "Hard times of the \u2018Lijjat pappad\u2019 legacy", "text": "The last surviving founder of the Rs 829-crore enterprise Lijjat Papad, 90-year-old Parvatiben Thodani, continues to live in a tiny room in a Girgaon chawl on a meagre Rs 500 a month.Parvatiben Thodani's wizened face lights up when visitors show up at her one-room quarter in Lohana Niwas in Girgaon. The sole survivour of the seven founders of Lijjat Papad, a cooperative that has exploded into a Rs 829-crore enterprise, Parvatiben lives on Rs 500 a month and rarely gets any visitors from the Shri Mahila Griha Udyog Lijjat Papad. At 90, after 15 years of rolling papads, her back is hunched and her compact, curled up frame occupies a miniscule portion of the single bed. She has been bed-ridden for almost three years after busting her hip while making the slippery trip to the chawl's common bathroom. Parvatiben chatters away happily in Gujarati even as the camera is pointed in her face and she smoothes her hair. \"How am I looking? Are you going to take pictures of me in my petticoat-and-blouse?\"She covers her head slowly with the pallu of a pale saree and stares unflinchingly into the camera, despite the fact that she is almost nose-to-nose with it. The spartan room-cum-kitchen is devoid of a television or any fripperies. We wonder if she will be able to sit up for the chat without being fatigued, and she brushes off the concern, \"Aakhi raat neend nahin aati.\"Parvatiben spends time with her relatives in turn, and at her daughter's house in Kandivli. But she insisted on moving back here, as when she passes away, she wants her body to be carried out of this room. For this is where she started rolling 600 papads a day while struggling to feed her two-year-old daughter.Founding a movement Parvatiben came from Khambhalia near Jamnagar, Gujarat. She breaks into a wide toothless grin as she recalls skipping school. Her father even offered to pay her schoolmaster two paise if he kept an eye on her. He refused. She was a champion swimmer (\"And I still am!\" she interjects) and was more interested in clambering up trees and bunking school. At 13, she was married off to her first husband who passed away 13 years later. Her father was a progressive thinker and encouraged her to get married a second time. They came to Bombay and had a daughter, but unfortunately her second husband died of a heart attack within three-four years. And she had to fend for herself.Lijjat Papad was the brainchild of seven Gujarati women who wielded a mean belan and started off with a borrowed princely capital of Rs 80. They bought ingredients and started work on their terrace to produce four packets of papads in 1959. At first, they made two qualities of papads: one was inferior but cheaper and the second of a higher quality. They were advised to stick to consistent quality papads. \"The bad papads would be thrown in the sea,\" says Parvatiben.The co-operative paid close attention to their accounts daily and within three months, had 25 women working for it. Parvatiben flew all over the country with the rest of the bens to teach the women the exact preparation of the flour that made the papads so popular so that quality would be maintained. She enjoyed the plane rides, she grins endearingly, and stayed weeks training women in Punjab, Amravati and Kutch. She suggested that they introduce jeera and pepper papads.The name 'Lijjat' was only suggested in 1962. Parvatiben cackles, \"The lady [Dhirajben Ruparel], who came up with the name, had a healthy (read obese) physique and couldn't help much with the work. We used to let her sit here but when she came up with the name, we gave her Rs 5 as reward. She finally proved to be useful.\" In 1966, Lijjat was recognised as a village industry and exempted from tax.Lijjat believed that every woman who worked for the collective was an owner and would share the profits or the losses. As bonuses, the women had the option to choose between gold or a house (priced at Rs 20,000, next to the chawl). The unshakeable Indian belief in gold made the women opt for the shiny metal over property. Some sold the gold out of necessity and while Parvatiben earned her modest share of chaandi ka katoras and gold, she used it up for her daughter's wedding. After 15 years, her family forced her to quit when her bent back could no longer take the strain and she took on a lesser physically demanding role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12215407", "title": "Now, you can bank more on these friends", "text": "KOCHI: After helping Kochiites pay utility bills for a decade, Friends Janasevana Kendram functioning at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium premises is planning to extend its services. If things go as planned, Malayalis residing outside the state will also be able to avail all the services rendered by this public sector institution, which was initiated by the Kerala State IT Mission.S Sasi, project manager, Friends Ernakulam said that very soon people would be able to remit their mobile bills, LIC premiums and licence fees (drug control offices) here. People will also be able to book railway tickets here.\"Government has accepted our request and we have completed discussions with the companies concerned. Once we get the final government nod, we can start these facilities,\" he said.\"We are also planning to introduce separate counters for bulk remittance, and for senior citizens,\" he added.In the past ten years, Friends has faced many hurdles -- from staff shortage to non-cooperation from various departments. Of the 14 counters at this centre, only nine are currently functioning as most government departments fail to replace their staff or representatives once they are called back, said Sasi.He also said that the initial response they had got from many government departments had ceased over time.\"In the beginning we used to collect payments for the land revenue department and the motor vehicles department, but later we had to stop it. Unless the department-wise computerization is completed, we will not be able to collect fees,\" he said.According the staff working here, this centre's major drawback is that many of the customers from Kalamaserry and Kakkanad municipalities are not able to remit bills here.\"When Gyanesh Kumar was the district collector, he completed all formalities in this regard. But the local bodies and the departments concerned failed to take the necessary follow-up action,\" said T Rajeev, a staff member at the centre.Following bills can be remitted at Friends from 9 am to 7 pm (except on second Saturdays and public holidays):Electricity billsWater billsVehicle taxesBSNL phone/WLL/mobile billsUniversity fees", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12215041", "title": "Star resorts will make for comfortable Hampi tours", "text": "BANGALORE: Hampi, India's answer to Rome's relics, is on its way to host star hotels, one of the many pointers that at last India's most exotic ancient site will give visitors some comfortable places to stay.Hampi's magnificence in stone could never really be enjoyed by visitors because of sub-standard stay and food facilities. After touring the world heritage site, there was no going back to a cozy, well-furnished room. It was believed the site itself was enough attraction - but all that's set to change, with the perception gaining ground that people need a comfortable place to stay so they can live the Hampi experience over several days, instead of running away for want of good rooms and food.With 196 rooms added to its existing infrastructure in the past three years, and another 274 rooms to be added in the financial year 2012-13, Hampi is attracting a lot of attention, both domestic and international. The heartening fact is, perhaps, the interest being shown by big names and the huge investments they are making in Hampi. Consider this: Hyatt Place is coming up in a big way, building a 116-room star property. Orange County is also setting up shop with a 48-room resort.Another big chain, Windflower Spa and Resorts, is adding 60 rooms in Hampi and Indo Asia Leisure Services is coming up with 50 rooms there, all in the next financial year (2012-13). In the past, other groups have evinced keen interest in Hampi as an investment destination for tourism.State tourism officials say it is a giant leap, considering that in 2002, there were hardly 50-odd good hotel rooms that Hampi could boast of. The lone hotel worth any mention then was a three-star facility, Hotel Mallige. \"It can be attributed to a combination of factors, tourist count and awareness being the most important reasons for its popularity,\" said a senior state tourism official. It comes as little surprise that big tour operators across the world, keeping the improved infrastructure in mind, have started promoting Hampi as a major tourist destination in Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12215951", "title": "Doctors in tribal regions threaten to quit", "text": "SALEM: Doctors working in tribal regions threatened to leave their jobs if they are not provided adequate facilities to access far-flung areas. They were participating in the 'Tribal outreach services workshop' held at Salem collectorate on Saturday.Deputy directors of health services from 12 districts and several NGOs participated in the workshop. Salem collector K Maharapushanam inaugurated the workshop and project director Pankaj Kumar Bansal led the workshop.The programme was organised to review the Tamil Nadu Health System Project (TNHSP) which is being implemented in tribal villages in 12 districts, including Salem, Namakkal, Dharmapuri, Krishnagiri, Dindigul, Trichy, the Nilgiris and Kanyakumari. The project was envisaged to ensure better medical care for tribal communities living in hilly areas in these districts. As per the project these villages will be provided mobile medical units with the help of district health centres and NGOs.Doctors complained that they are not provided with vehicles to access tribal hamlets in the hills. The existing vehicles are not maintained properly, they alleged. The representatives from the Nilgiris district said they find it difficult to reach villages to conduct health camps since many of these were located in the reserved forest. Forest department personnel had to be present at the time of travel, they said.Representatives from Krishnagiri district threatened to resign if they are posted in tribal areas without proper facilities. Recently one lady doctor left the job in the district, they pointed out.In his reply, project director Pankaj Kumar Bansal assured that they will be given new vehicles soon.He also reminded the doctors that primary health centres are for people and not for the convenience of doctors and health staff. \"The project is aimed at providing medical facilities to the tribal community. It cannot be achieved by keeping such doctors who refuse work at hill areas. Hence, there is no problem in loosing such doctors,\" he warned.He further ordered the DDs to ensure that all the tribal villages in TNHSP are provided mobile medical unit care.He also asked the DDs to put notice boards in the villages mentioning day of visiting of the medical unit and whom to contact if the team didn't turn up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216327", "title": "'Developing India means new ideas for us'", "text": "NAGPUR: Raisoni College of Commerce, Science and Technology conducted its third National Conference Aspire 2012 on Saturday. The theme of the conference was 'Developed and Developing Nations-Opportunities and Challenges.' Joy Bhattacharya was the keynote speaker of the Conference, ex-CEO of Kolkata Knight Riders .He spoke about India as a developing nation and said, \"I feel it's a boon for us to be known as a developing country, we always have scope for new ideas, new endeavours and new ventures. Once a photo is developed there lies no further scope in it, there is nothing to look forward to, but that's not the case with India.\"He pointed out the growth of India in the past two decades giving examples of fine institutions and foreign brands, how they made their way into our markets. He opined, \"When I passed out, only students belonging to elite schools could dream of IITs' and IIMs'. Today internet has broken all chains and one no longer needs to belong to leading institutes, all it requires is passion and hard-work. Today we have a much braver and fairer India.\"Joy also spoke about his experiences of working in ESPS. \"The competition is immense with a population of five hundred and a fifty million. If I am at a particular position it is because I have learnt the art of adjustment (jugad) in this country, which I combine with my understanding of the western logic. Our country always teaches us to manage things. In our system we understand that there is not just one answer to any question,\" he added.He enlightened people as he spoke about cricket and spoke about the passion of the young cricketers. \"There is so much to learn from the youth. We are no longer in the generation of need, we should make the most of it and give everything our best shot with passion instilled,\" he said as he concluded.Hemant Sonare, vice-president corporate relations, RGI, NN Saste, principal and Aarti Deshpande, convenor, Aspire-12 shared the dais.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12216193", "title": "Railway plans 20 subways under Danapur division", "text": "PATNA: Railways has chalked out a plan to strengthen further safety measures at unmanned crossing gates under Danapur division of East Central Railway (ECR). The move aims to check recurrence of accidents at these unmanned gates. Out of 328 crossing gates falling under the Danapur division, 90 are unmanned.According to divisional railway manager (DRM), Danapur, L M Jha, the railways is giving a serious thought to build subways under the tracks at 20 places under the division to check mishaps. Unaware of railway safety rules, people at several places make paths over the tracks violating safety rules, he said.According to sources, while Patna district has 13 illegal crossing gates, Jehanabad district has 14, Gaya (21), Nawada (20), Nalanda (10) and Sheikhpura (two). However, the Patna-Gaya section of Danapur division has the maximum number of illegal crossing gates (38) followed by Kiul-Gaya (31) and Bakhtiarpur-Rajgir (12), sources said.The DRM said the Patna-Gaya (PG) section is the most vulnerable in the division. However, during a recent survey conducted by railways, it was felt that only 12 such unmanned gates were required for the convenience of people. \"Railways is mulling over to build underway bridge (subway) at these points to enable people to cross tracks safely,\" Jha said.Meanwhile, railways has put its safety staff on alert at vulnerable places to monitor train movement at unmanned crossing gates round-the-clock to avert any mishap on tracks, the DRM said.The DRM maintained that railways has been making all possible efforts to streamline running of long-distance mail and express trains either originating from the division or passing through Patna Junction. \"The punctuality of trains which had gone haywire during the route relay interlocking (RRI) work at Patna Junction, is fast returning to normal. However, incidents of forcible stoppage of trains adversely affect the punctuality of mail and express trains under the division,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12215838", "title": "Hamidia Sick Newborn Care Unit to become fully operational", "text": "BHOPAL: The new Sick Newborn Care Unit (SNCU) of the child disease centre of Hamidia Hospital, which was to become functional in October, is yet to get fully operational. Crores of rupees have already been spent on it.Citing the delay in the construction work, the reproductive and child health joint director R C Sahu said, \"The SNCU will become operational by the end of this month and all the facilities would be in place by then.\"Owing to the delay, the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) is being used and there is one warmer for two to three newborn. With the high percentage of neonatal and maternal mortality, many patients are also being turned away to seek treatment at private healthcare centres.The unit, which will be set up at a cost of about Rs 1 crore, would comprise 30 beds. The construction cost was initially pegged at Rs 43 lakh while another Rs 40 lakh was meant to procure the necessary equipment for the unit.The unit, being jointly funded by United Nations Children's Fund ( Unicef ), would enhance the facilities presently available at JP hospital. The SNCU is equipped with a radiant warmer, oxygen concentrator, infusion pump, apnea monitor, electronic weighing machines etc. To be established as a second referral unit, the SNCU would treat acute cases of birth asphyxia, premature birth, apnea of prematurity, neonatal jaundice, neonatal septicemia, low birth weight (LBW), extreme low birth weight (ELBW) and other serious cases.Initially, the SNCU was to become operational in April 2011, which was later postponed to October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12215984", "title": "Parties fail to retain 250 seats", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP electorate voted for a change. An analysis of the assembly election results shows that besides delimitation, a strong anti-incumbency across party lines paved the way for change. There was a seething anger among voters against the incumbents and they expressed it by voting out candidates of different political parties. The trend was seen in some 250 assembly constituencies out of 403. This comes to about 62% seats.Obviously, it was complete rout for BSP - its strength reduced from 206 to barely 80, a loss of 126 seats. In fact, the BSP was able to retain seats in only 55 constituencies. That is, a loss of faith in nearly 75% of the electorate.For example, in Rasoolabad, sitting BSP MLA Mahesh Chandra, who contested the election on Jan Kranti Party ticket, came fifth after getting 12,000 votes, way behind the winning SP candidate Shiv Kumar Beria who got over 67,000 votes. Likewise, the last time winner from Duddhi seat in Sonebhadra, Chandramani Prasad, came fifth after getting only 6,879 votes, in comparison to winning Independent candidate Rubi Prasad, who got over 42,000 votes.The vast share of BSP loss turned into gain for the SP. Mulayam's party wrested 100 seats from BSP. This made for over 100% of the total gain for SP which had got only 97 seats in the last assembly election. This share accounted for 45% of the total seats that SP has won this time.Although SP registered a thumping win, it could retain only 68 out of 97 seats it had won last time - most of them in the Muslim and Yadav dominated regions. In other words, people voted out SP in 29 seats, i.e, about 33% of its total strength in last assembly.The anti-incumbency wave was not just against BSP and SP. Going by the figures, the Bharatiya Janata Party was the worst affected in terms of percentage. The party could retain its seat in only 11 constituencies out of 51 it won in 2007. People were dissatisfied with BJP in 40 seats. Simply put, 80% seats won by BJP in 2007 saw the anti-incumbency. The result was that the saffron party could manage only 47 seats this time, four less than its previous tally. Interestingly, BJP loss too turned into gain for SP -- 20 out of 40 seats which BJP lost went to SP.The most prominent example of anti-incumbency against BJP, with a large share going to SP, was seen in Lucknow. Out of five seats won by BJP in 2007, three went to the Samajwadi Party . This was the first time that the city witnessed the surge of SP, with people in seven out of the nine constituencies voting in favor of Mulayam's candidates.The trend was also visible for the Congress. But while the party managed to post a higher tally - 28 seats - fact remained that it lost 16 out of the 22 seats it won in 2007. This meant that 70% of the electorate in Congress seats went for a change.The most shocking defeat for the party was that of Amita Sinh in Amethi. In fact, four seats in Rae Bareli, a pocket borough of Congress, slipped out of the party and went to the Samajwadi Party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12215844", "title": "Youngsters script a success story worth copying", "text": "CHENNAI: When T M Sandeep, 24, gave up his job as a financial analyst at Goldman Sachs last April to launch a startup with his friend K Anand, 26, he only knew he wanted to do something different rather than be at a regular job. He did not expect to taste success within six months and that too from a photocopy.The idea of starting Photocopy Inc was to enable students to get a photocopy at 10 paise. Usually, one photocopy costs Re 1, and some shops offer a subsidised rate for bulk orders at 50 paise per copy. Photocopy Inc is able to give away photocopies at a 90% discount by selling one side of the sheet as ad space to companies.Sandeep, who graduated in commerce in 2004, says they feature colour ads by any company that wants to reach out to a young audience, like motorbikes or fitness centres to meet costs.\"It took a while convincing firms that this advertising for a niche audience will be better than inserting pamphlets in newspapers. The logic is unmistakable. Nobody's going to take an old newspaper and read it again. But, with many students taking photocopies of notes taken in class, the ad is sure to stay with them for a minimum of two weeks up to a semester,\" says Sandeep.The duo partner colleges to supply papers, one side of which has a printed ad, to photocopying kiosks set up in colleges in and around the city. Since August, the company has been able to bag six contracts, including at Loyola College of Arts and Sciences, LICET, NIFT and IIT Madras. A fitness centre whose ad features on the pages they supply to photocopying kiosks told them that they had a few registrations as a result of the ad. Photocopy Inc now has 11 brands advertising with them.Both Anand and Sandeep, who are alumni of Loyola College, wanted their startup to be ethical as well. They provide environment-friendly wood-free paper made of bagasse for printing the ads and taking photocopies. They also do not allow students to take photocopies of printed material that could get them into copyright problems.\"Through our business model we ensure that the photocopier also makes more money than he used to earlier. This way it's a win-win situation for students, companies that give us ads, the photocopier and for Photocopy Inc,\" says Sandeep.The entrepreneurs supply an average of 1 lakh papers a month to photocopiers in colleges. Once Photocopy Inc carves out a market for itself in all the top colleges in Chennai, Anand and Sandeep want to take their idea to cities such as Hyderabad, Bangalore and Kochi where there are a lot of educational institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12216820", "title": "Local party leaders failed Congress in Goa: Thakre", "text": "YAVATMAL: Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) chief Manikrao Thakre on Saturday came down heavily on the local Congress leaders in Goa for his party's debacle in the recently held elections to the Goa state assembly. However, Thakre steered clear of a question about his party's drubbings in other states too saying, \"It's beyond my jurisdiction.\"Contradicting his party opponents' claims that the Congress is losing ground, Thakre pointed out that the Congress has emerged as the single largest party in local self government elections in Maharshtra.\"This time we have unfurled Congress flag atop three corporations as against one (Solapur) in the last election,\" he said while admitting defeat in Nagpur and Mumbai.\"We are reviewing the party performance in Mumbai and Nagpur and corrective measures would be taken to improve our tally in the Lok Sabha and assembly polls in 2014,\" he said adding that Congress is scouting for secular parties for alliance in the ZPs. Pinning hopes on traditional ally Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) led by Sharad Pawar Thakre said, \"I am sure that NCP would not make any pact with non secular parties.\"Interestingly, he evaded a question seeking status on the Maharashtra's request to the Centre to raise the MSP from Rs 5,000 to Rs 6,500 per quintal.Irrigation projects to be completed soonRegarding the irrigation backlog and issues like rehabilitation and land acquisition, Thakre said that in a meeting headed by chief minister on Friday decision to complete the pending Bembla river irrigation project and the Dehni lift irrigation project attached to it. The interstate lower painganaga river irrigation project would also be completed within a stipulated time frame.Chavan has given instructions to all the secretaries of the concerned departments to prepare a proposal to be sent to the Centre for declaring the lower painganaga river project as a national project and to complete it within 7 years.Congress observer Ashok Dhavad, YDCC president Wamanrao Kasawar, legislator Vijay Khadse and district women's wing president Vijayatai Dhote were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12214771", "title": "Pharmaceutical exports from Mormugao port may rise from April", "text": "PANAJI: Fingers are crossed in the state over whether pharmaceutical companies will choose Mormugao port to export their products from the new financial year in April.With around 70 manufacturing units in the state, Goa has gradually become known as a major pharmaceutical production centre. Earlier, all pharma exports had to be shipped from Mumbai since the Mormugao port was not notified as an approved port for pharmaceutical import and export.The central government notified Mormugao as an approved port following efforts, primarily by the Goa pharmaceutical manufacturers' association (GPMA), Goa chamber of commerce and industry (GCCI), Mormugao Port Trust and Customs.An assistant drug controller (ADC) office was also established with Navneet Singh taking charge. The first consignment was shipped from Goa in December 2011. But, the response to the initiative has been rather sluggish with many companies preferring to continue to export from Mumbai as they have their logistics departments in the metropolis.Meera Kumar, member of the Glogistics committee, attributes this to \"concerns among decision makers in the logistics departments of pharmaceutical companies that there are fewer ships (sailing)out of Goa, the consignments may take more time to reach the destination and that it may be more expensive\".\"Once we are able to attract shipments there will be improvement in the number of ships,\" Kumar said. She added that Madeus Pharmaceuticals is presently among the few companies that are utilizing the export facility. Companies that export from Goa are likely to save on transportation costs from Goa to Mumbai in the long run. Arun Naik, president of GPMA, is also of the view that shipments will drastically increase in the next six months.\"It takes time. So many things have to be sorted out at the company level,\" Naik told STOI. Naik felt another reason that may be affecting exports was 'part consignments' that pharma companies need to club together. Cost is also an other factor.\"As the shipment volume increases, rates of shipment will go down,\" Naik observed. Naik disclosed that many companies had assured him they would start exporting from Goa soon; preferably from the next financial year. While the exports notification was issued last year, Naik said the import notification was likely to be issued in the next month. The notification will enable import of raw materials for manufacture of pharmaceuticals. \"This (import) too will help boost exports as the frequency of vessels will increase,\" Naik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12216161", "title": "79-km NH-8 project fetches Rs 21.6cr premium", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite reports of concerns over desperate bidding by private developers for national highways (NHs) to bag projects where they have been quoting high premium, the Rs 967-crore Gomti Chauraha-Udaipur section of NH-8 went with a premium of Rs 21.60 crore on Saturday.In case a project goes for a premium, the Centre does not provide any financial aid but gets annual overhead revenue from the private highway developer. NHAI officials said that the annual premium will increase by 5% every year for the 27-year-long concession period. They added that 11 bidders had participated in the financial bidding and the project has gone to the developer, who quoted the highest premium.The plan for four-laning of the 79km NH project was cleared by the Cabinet Committee on Infrastructure (CCI) on March 1. Though the total project cost is Rs 1,114.27 crore, about Rs 199.77 crore is required for land acquisition, rehabilitation, resettlement and preconstruction.The construction would be completed in 30 months from the date of award of work. The project aims to expedite the improvement of infrastructure in Rajasthan and also to reduce the travel time between Gomti Chauraha and Udaipur. This stretch will improve connectivity to Nathdwara, a popular pilgrim destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12223974", "title": "Bid to conserve hornbills in Arunachal Pradesh", "text": "ITANAGAR: To protect the endangered hornbill - the state bird of Arunachal Pradesh - from extinction, an organization in the East Kameng district has embarked on an innovative idea to conserve the avian species.Ghora Aabhe Society (GAS), an NGO located at Seijosa in the district, has prohibited felling of trees and bamboo besides banning jhum cultivation within a 150-350 metre radius of the nesting sites of the bird under customary laws with immediate effect. Violators would be imposed fines up to Rs 1 lakh, a release issued by the society said here today.Four rare species of the bird - the Great Hornbill, Rufous Hornbill, Wreathed Hornbill and Oriental Hornbill - are found here.Taking serious note of poaching, hunting, illegal fishing and timber operations in Seijosa area, the society further decided to impose hefty fines on those involved in such illegal activities.Killing of a hornbill would invite penalties up to Rs 50,000 while a fine of Rs 2 lakh would be imposed on killing of a tiger, the release said, adding informers of such illegal activities would be rewarded 50% of the amount collected through penalty.The customary laws were adopted by GAS , a forum of gaonburahs (village heads) of Seijosa on March 1 last.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12215992", "title": "Ministerial turf war could render green min toothless", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could render the Union forests and environment ministry (MoEF) toothless, the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) has told the PMO that the ministry has neither any jurisdiction to interfere in cases where violations of forest laws have occurred in states, nor can it take action against erring officials and protect whistleblower forest officials.The ministry's view, approved by MoS in PMO V Narayanasamy, is reflected in the multi-crore forestry scam in Haryana. The CBI and the CVC had recommended immediate probe into the scams unearthed by Indian Forest Service (IFS) officer Sanjiv Chaturvedi. CVC had also recommended immediate protection for the whistleblower in light of his continuous harassment.If the recommendations of the DOPT are to be adopted, it would not only help the Congress government in Haryana save the blushes, but the advice could also render MoEF toothless in all cases of forest violations across the country.The CVC and CBI had recommended probe into the Haryana forestry scams based on report submitted to the cabinet secretary by MoEF and other documents. The ministry had also revoked the false chargesheets against Chaturvedi foisted by the state government.But the DoPT, in a letter to the PMO, has said that the MoEF has neither the power to interfere in the case nor come to the officer's aid, arguing the violations occurred within the state jurisdiction.The Union government had woken up to the scams after Chaturvedi petitioned its various offices, including President, PM, cabinet secretary and the MoEF. The inquiry, conducted by the MoEF upon the request of the cabinet secretary, had found that specific Supreme Court orders, the Indian Forest Act, the Wildlife Protection Act and the Forest Conservation Act had been violated and Chaturvedi was repeatedly harassed for his integrity. The probe had incriminated two state ministers, OSDs in the CM's office and several other senior IFS and IAS officers for indulging in corruption and harassing the whistleblower.Forests and environment falls in the Concurrent list of the Constitution and the forest laws empower the Union government to act, like it has in dozen of cases of violation of these norms across states, such as Vedanta or the Noida park case. Also, the cadre-controlling authority for the IFS is the MoEF like IAS officers are regulated by the DoPT.The DoPT has advised the PMO that the panel set up by the MoEF is ultra vires of its powers and devoid of any force of law. It has said, \"The Central government is not competent to order an inquiry into a representation received from the member of service working in connection with affairs of the state government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12216912", "title": "Icons of women empowerment", "text": "LUDHIANA: When Manmeet Grewal of Gurdev Nagar and Preeti Kansal of Mall Road had started Agaaz, an NGO, in 2004, all they were hoping was to help some women work their way up in life. Cut to 2012: The two have become icons for women empowerment. In acknowledgment of their hardwork, the two were awarded the prestigious Mother Teresa Award on the occasion of Women's Day.The awards were presented at a state-level function in Ferozepur, organized by Punjab Computer Education and Welfare Sangathan, a subsidiary of Rashtriya Sarv Sikhya Abhiyan, New Delhi.The two have been working to uplift women and have adopted three villages on the outskirts of Ludhiana.Elated at receiving the award, founder and president of the NGO, Manmeet said, ''I believe that hard work always pays and this has been proved once again. In 2004, Preeti and I had started the NGO and did a lot of things for villagers over the years but our stress has always been to empower rural women and children.'' Co-founder and general secretary Preeti, 33, said such awards work as a morale booster and also affirm that you are going on the right path.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216746", "title": "Red-beacon car driver held for drug peddling", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 30-year-old driver with Haryana irrigation department Amit Kumar, was arrested for drug trafficking in a red beacon car in Panjab University (PU) on Friday night.Amit, attached with a senior IAS officer of Haryana cadre, resides in Delhi but was held with 600gm poppy-huskin PU. His car too has also been impounded. He was produced in district courts, Sector 17, and sent in judicial custody.SHO of PS 11 Gurmukh Singh said Amit was nabbed during routine checking when a red beacon on a private car raised suspicion. When asked to show documents, Amit claimed he was attached with a senior IAS officer, but during checking narcotics was recovered from his car, inspector Singh added.The red beacon, which was seized along with the car, is a government property and a communication will be sent to Haryana irrigation department in this regard.The scrutiny of Amit's cellphone revealed that he was in the touch of some of the PU students and had visited the university two months ago, too. Meanwhile, accused refused to disclose the source, from where he purchased the contraband.Accused, who is native of Haryana, has been booked under the NDPS Act, 1985.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214848", "title": "K Chandrasekhara Rao, Kodandaram not named in Tank Bund vandalism chargesheet", "text": "HYDERABAD: Although Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) president K Chandrasekhara Rao and Telangana Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) chairman M Kodandaram have been named as accused in Million March vandalism cases, they were left out of the chargesheet which the police filed in court on Friday.Central Crime Station (CCS) police filed the chargesheet at the XII Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate court against G Kranthi Goud, a B.Com student from Karimnagar district, and others for damaging statues besides attacking media personnel. Goud was arrested on March 25, 2011.On the occasion of the first anniversary of Million March, police on Saturday imposed restriction on visitors and media at Tank Bund Road fearing trouble from pro-Telangana activists at the spot.It was exactly a year back that pro-Telangana activists pulled down statues of several Telugu icons. Only vehicular traffic was allowed on Tank Bund. Every damaged statue had a team of security personnel guarding it and even media personnel were denied permission to move about in the area. Pro-Telangana activists tried to reach Tank Bund Road from different directions but were taken into preventive custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12216641", "title": "50 marks will be subtracted from math paper of SSC", "text": "MUMBAI: In Class-X state board examinations , students are exhorted to pay additional attention to mathematics for two reasons: First, it is a scoring subject that can pump up the overall percentage, and secondly , because in the total matrix of 650 marks, math is assigned the largest individual share, that of 150.But now, the number game is going through a change. The math paper's 150 marks will be cut down to 100, apportioning 80 to the written paper and 20 to the internal assessment . Unlike earlier, when math made up 23% of the total score, now, it will comprise only about 17% of the total marks.The Maharashtra State Board for Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has decided to slash the 50 marks to bring the state board on a par with the others, such as CBSE and ICSE, which set their Class-X papers for a total of 600 marks. \"From June 2012, students of Class IX will be tested in math for 100 marks and when the same batch moves up to Class X in 2013, the board will examine it in mathematics for 100 marks,\" said chairman Sarjarao Jadhav. \"The decision was taken when we strongly felt that the SSC board must be brought on a par with the other boards of the country.\"Even though the score will be brought down, the board will not reduce the content of math papers that is, students will still have to study the earlier syllabus for fewer marks. Even the duration will be reduced as examinees will have to finish each of the two papers in two hours; earlier , they could take 2.5 hours for a 60-mark math paper.The board's decision has not gone down well with many teachers. Milind Chimderkar, mathematics teacher of Mahatma Gandhi Vidyamandir at Vile Parle, argued that as the algebra and geometry portion was vast, the subject carried 150 marks. \"But now, if the board is cutting down on the paper's score to 100, it must, in all fairness, also trim the content,\" Chimderkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12216835", "title": "Mumbai for Me: Why can't public money be used for public spaces?", "text": "MUMBAI: In France, parks in various towns bear a plaque that says the safety and security of every visitor is the direct responsibility of the town's mayor.Last November in the US, mayors across the country collectively petitioned President Barack Obama to use the Land and Water Conservation Fund for urban parks and open spaces. Their goal: 'everyone in America should live within a short walk of a park that is clean, safe and vibrant.'It's a raging debate in Mumbai. Why shouldn't more public money go into protecting and developing reserved open spaces-namely parks, gardens, recreation grounds and playgrounds?The BMC is partial to the caretaker policy, which seeks to allow private parties to maintain open spaces as long as the private group gets a portion of the space to commercially exploit. If the BMC allows a citizens' group to adopt an open space-in which no commercial exploitation occurs-then it wants to insist that no MLA or MP funds go into the venture.However, activists question this dichotomy of not allowing public funds to be used for public spaces. After all, the Carter Road promenade was restored with help from Shabana Azmi's MPLAD funds, while the Juhu beach revamp was aided by both Azmi's and Hema Malini's MPLAD funds.There is also a track record of citizens' groups successfully maintaining open spaces. When the state wanted to develop and maintain Cross Maidan, it turned to the Organization for Verdant Ambience and Land (Oval) Trust, which had earlier successfully restored Oval Maidan, a Grade I heritage ground. \"Rope in local stakeholders and form a partnership with residents. Money must come from the civic budget,\" says Nayana Kathpalia, trustee, Oval Trust.Citispace, an NGO that for two decades has been fighting to preserve open spaces, has also emphasized civic funding and people's participation. The NGO had made the first comprehensive attempt to research and locate reserved open spaces in the city and found approximately 940 acres of such spaces. At a rate of Rs 11 lakh per acre, Citispace had calculated that it would not cost the BMC more than Rs 103.4 crore to develop and maintain these spaces during the first year such a project was taken up. \"The expenditure in subsequent years would reduce,\" said a Citispace activist.A more detailed documentation of reserved open spaces in the city, conducted over the past year by architect P K Das's team, revealed there are 4,695 acres of reserved open spaces in the city and 1,310 of them are encroached. The BMC takes umbrage when citizens who have adopted a garden or park approach a local elected representative for funds. \"The circular which does not allow the MP or MLA fund to be used for open spaces still stands,\" said Subhash Karvande, deputy municipal commissioner, in charge of gardens. The use of civic corporator funds are also discouraged.Activists argue that if an elected representative's funds can be spent on toilets, gutters and paver blocks, why can't they be used for open spaces. \"Not everyone can travel to Juhu beach or the Gateway everyday. Open spaces are a fundamental right and improve quality of life. Our elected representatives must be allowed to fund these projects,\" said an activist from Mahakali Caves, Andheri (East). The local ALM got into trouble with the BMC for asking local MLA and minister Suresh Shetty for funds to maintain the Meenatai Thackeray garden.Hansel D'Souza, president, Juhu Citizens' Welfare Group, said citizens struggled and fought to save the beach and six gardens. \"Now we have white elephants. The maintenance of one garden costs approximately Rs 50,000 a month. How do we raise the money every time?\" he asked. Citizens pay taxes to the BMC. \"By not providing funds, the BMC is shirking its responsibility,\" he said. Activists alleged that the BMC behaves thus to ensure that open spaces are given on a platter to private parties for exploitation.\"When the BMC acquires a reserved open space, it gives TDR to the owner. It then declares that it can't maintain the space and so gives it to a private caretaker. The city loses in two ways - more construction and zero open space,\" says RTI activist Amil Galgali. \"When the civic body acquires an open space it must fund its development and maintenance. Local residents and NGOs are the best security guards, so they must be made stakeholders.\"Private funds can be used to maintain public spaces, as long as no exploitation results and residents are involved. For example, a company can fund maintenance while locals help with upkeep. When old areas are taken up for redevelopment, one-third can be reserved for open spaces subsidized by luxury homes and commercial complexes in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12215371", "title": "Panchayati Raj training centre to come up at Hiware Bazar", "text": "PUNE: A Rs 12-crore national centre for training in Panchayati Raj will be established in village Hiware Bazar, said Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh on Saturday.The training centre will be set up in joint venture with the Maharashtra government at the model village, which is just 35 km away from Ralegan Siddhi in Ahmednagar district, the minister said.\"This will be a national centre for training elected representatives, especially gram sabha members from across the country, in watershed development, sanitation and capacity building,\" Ramesh said during a day-long tour of Hiware Bazar, which has made rapid strides in rural development and sustainable livelihood through people's participation and effective local self-governance.These are also the development initiatives that brought Ralegan Siddhi into the national consciousness as a role model for rural progress and prosperity. However, it did not figure in Ramesh's tour programme as he went about visiting various sites at Hiware Bazar, which has seen a major transformation from being a barren 1,000-hectare area that falls in a rain shadow area, to a totally self-sustained and developed village.Only three of the 235 families in the village now live below poverty level as against the 100% BPL families 15 years ago. Programmes like watershed development, recharging of wells, development of good agricultural practices and dairy business, better sanitation, concrete roads, electricity, biogas and an effective drive against social evils like drinking and communal disharmony have turned Hiware Bazar into a replicable development model.The village's former sarpanch, Popatrao Pawar, who has earned several national and international accolades and awards, is the man behind this transformation. It was on Pawar's invitation during the recent Afro-Asian development meeting in New Delhi that Ramesh visited the village.\"I have been to Ralegan Siddhi in the past. There is no doubt that Anna Hazare has made significant contribution to the field of watershed development and I don't think anyone can deny what he did there. Ralegan Siddhi and Hiware Bazar are examples of how local leaders can bring transformation,\" he said.\"Hiware Bazaar, which is an equally remarkable story, has not got the attention that Ralegan Siddhi has had. There are many such success stories in India that we must project so that other states can draw a lesson and get inspiration from,\" he added.Ramesh said, \"My coming here has no political purpose. I am not propping up (Popatrao) Pawar as an alternative to Anna Hazare.\"The proposed training centre was mooted as a state-level facility two years ago, when Ashok Chavan was the state chief minister. It was put on the backburner only to be revived now with the Union rural development ministry moving in to contribute Rs 6 crore for an equal contribution from the state for the training centre, which will be ready in two years.Meanwhile, Ramesh also announced that starting with financial year 2012-13, his ministry will spend 1% of its outlay in the budget, for strengthening gram panchayats across the country. Going by the existing outlay of Rs 90,000 crore for rural development ministry, this works out to Rs 900 crore.Referring to the government's flagship Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) for rural employment generation, Ramesh said, \"The phase II reforms called MGNREGS 2.0 will be rolled out from Aprl 1.\"The thrust of these reforms will be on bringing close the agriculture production and the MGNREGS by adding 30 new works, mostly relating the agriculture, in the scheme. \"This will take away the concern of MGNREGS affecting agriculture production,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "dkanpur", "code": "12215324", "title": "NCR to start summer special trains", "text": "DKANPUR: North Central Railways ( NCR) had decided to launch summer special trains.Train number 09051/09052 Valsad-Varanasi Exp will run once a week. This special train will pass through different railway stations like Jalgaon, Bhusawal, Khandwa, Itarsi, Jabalpur, Katni Junction, Maihar, Satna, Mirzapur. It will leave Valsad every Friday and run between Valsad and Varanasi from April 6 to June 22.Train no. 09409/09410 Ahmedabad-Patna Express will run weekly. It will touch stations like Ratlam, Ujjain, Bhopal , Satna, Mughalsarai, Buxar and Danapur. The train will leave Ahmedabad every Friday and operate between April 6 and June 29.Train number 05024/05023 Gorakhpur to Pune (a weekly train) will leave Gorakhpur on Thursdays and run between April 5 and June 28. It will cover stations like Basti, Gonda, Barabanki, Lucknow, Kanpur, Orai, Jhansi, Lalitpur, Bina, Bhopal, Bhusawal and Manmad.Train number 05031/05032 Gorakhpur-Pune weekly train will pass through Basti, Gonda, Lalitpur, Bhopal, Nasik, Kalyan and Thane. It will run from April 7 to June 23 and leave Gorakhpur every Saturday.Similarly, train number 03685/03686 Gaya-Delhi Express (Super Fast) will pass through Sasaram, Mughalsarai, Allahabad and Kanpur. It will run from Gaya every Thursday and remain on tracks from April 5 to June 28.Train number 01019/01020 Lokmanya Tilak Terminus-Lucknow Express will run twice a week. The train will pass through Kalyan, Manmad, Bhopal, Jhansi, Orai and Kanpur. It will run every Sunday and Friday and run from April 1 to June 24. Train no. 01027/01028 Mumbai CST-Varanasi will run once a week. It will pass through Dadar, Manmad, Bhusawal, Jabalpur, Katni junction, Satna and Mirzapur. This special train will leave Mumbai every Wednesday.Train number 01047/01048 Mumbai-CST Gorakhpur will take the same route to reach the destination. This train will run from Mumbai every Saturday between April 7 and June 23.Train number 01051/01052 Lokmanya Tilak Terminus-Gorakhpur is a weekly train and pass through Thane, Kalyan, Jabalpur, Katni, Satna, Mirzapur, Varanasi, Mau and Deoria. It will leave Lokmanya Tilak Terminus every Friday and run between April 6 and June 22. Also 01055/01056 Lokmanya Tilak Terminus-Varanasi is another weekly train and will run every Friday.Train number 01057/01058 Lokmanya Tilak Terminus-Muzaffarpur weekly train, 01453/01454 Pune-Gorakhpur weekly express and 01435/01436 Pune-Agra Cantt weekly train and 04012/04011 Hazrat Nizammudin-Shirdi weekly trains will also run from April to June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12223135", "title": "Jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh stolen", "text": "PATNA: A group of thieves stole gold jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh and Rs 20,000 in cash from the house of one Ajay Kumar , godown manager of a private company, on Road number 1, Kali Mandir locality under the Patrakarnagar police station recently.The victim lodged a written complaint with the police station concerned in this connection on Sunday. Patrakarnagar police station in-charge SHO R P Manjhi said that Kumar was not aware of the theft as he had left for Dhanbad with his family before Holi and returned to the city on Sunday. He said the thieves broke open the latchet of the door.Manjhi claimed that the thieves escaped with some gold ornaments and Rs 7,000 cash from the house. Raids were on to arrest the thieves, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214694", "title": "K Chandrashekar Rao sure of TRS victory in Mahbubnagar bypoll", "text": "HYDERABAD: TRS supremo K Chandrashekar Rao claimed on Saturday that his party candidate in Mahbubnagar Syed Ibrahim will emerge the clear winner in the upcoming by-poll. He reiterated that the T-JAC will not be supporting BJP candidature there.Speaking at a press conference organized by Jamaat-e-Islami Hind (JIH) he said, \"The elections are only a formality. Syed Ibrahim has already won the election.\"The press meet was organized by JIH to announce its support for the TRS in the elections. Mohammed Khaja Arifuddin, president State JIH, \"We will be supporting TRS candidates in all constituencies. In the fight against injustice in Telangana, we are with the masses.\"T-JAC wing of Mahbubnagar reportedly jolted the TRS by coming out in support of BJP candidate while both BJP and TRS are its partners. This comes amidst reports that the BJP fielded a candidate in Mahbubnagar constituency after disagreement with TRS for fielding a Muslim candidate.Asked whether the TRS leader tried to dissuade the BJP from fielding its candidate against Ibrahim, KCR replied that his party cannot influence the decisions of the BJP. \"We registered disagreement with the BJP over they contesting in Mahbubnagar. But if they choose to do it, how can we stop them? The TJAC is not supporting BJP or TRS. I was told that they will be supporting the party that has maximum chances of winning,\" he said.KCR also denied that Mahbubnagar was being ignored by him. \"I will be spending just as much time in Mahbubnagar as I would in other constituencies.\" he said. He also promised Rs 1000 cr for the minorities if Telangana materializes, in addition to appointing a Muslim as deputy CM and allocating two ministerial berths to leaders from the community. The assembly by-polls are slated for March 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12215561", "title": "Sewage overflow raises a stink near eye hospital", "text": "GURGAON: Arunodaya Desert Eye Hospital (ADEH) in Sector 55 is virtually running without sewerage connection for the past many years.As a result, this filthy water is running on the adjoining roads. Despite several written complaints to the district administration and the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA), there is no solution in sight.The present scenario is not only creating problems to patients visiting the hospital, but also the local residents. Gp Capt (rtd) K K Dey, administrator, ADEH, said, \"The sewerage line of the hospital is connected to the HUDA line, but unfortunately it is lying blocked from the start. We have been using a pump provided by HUDA to take out the water and dump it into the nearby drain, but that is of little help.Efforts were made to clean the sewerage line by pumping but it gets blocked immediately and the sewage starts overflowing again. Water keeps flowing on the road and has started emitting a foul smell,\" he added.There is also a de-addiction centre in the vicinity of the hospital which is bearing the brunt of the problem because of the present mess. An official from the centre said it was having a negative impact on patients' recovery.Dey said that the hospital wrote to the city administration and civic agencies many times in the past couple of years. In a recent letter to the deputy commissioner, Dey said it was stated that the worst affected building is the hospital. The foul smell around the area is likely to infect the patient visiting the hospital and spread infection among other people in and around the hospital.Notably, the adjoining road to ADEH where filthy water is accumulating falls in private developer Ansal's area. The private service provider, Rigoss, which has been doing the upkeep of the area, said they were getting complaints from residents. Rigoss additional vice-president Lt-Col S S Chhibber said, \"We have received a request from ADEH seeking a temporary relief that its sewerage line gets connected to ours for the time being so that water does not accumulate in the open.We have been trying to determine its feasibility, he added.When contacted, HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar said he would look into the matter. \"I will get the area inspected and get the solution in a time-bound fashion. If the sewerage line is blocked it would be opened.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12214687", "title": "'Don't allow tobacco shops near educational institutes'", "text": "MUMBAI: Bandra residents have asked the five newly elected corporators of H West Ward to ensure that shops selling tobacco are not allowed near educational institutions and to revitalise the fire hydrants in the ward to ensure that they are effective in times of emergencies.At a meeting held at the municipal office on Saturday morning, corporators Asif Zakaria, Karen D'Mello, Tanvir Patel, Sunita Waikar, all of the Congress, AlkaKelkar (BJP) and Geeta Chavan (MNS) were subjected to questions from eager ward residents who wanted their newly elected corporators to perform in a positive manner.At another meeting in the evening with Congress corporators at the D'Monte Recreation Centre, Bandra MLA, Baba Siddique asked city residents to be vigilant and fight the attempts by the municipal administration to link property tax to stamp duty. This will make the property tax burden very heavy for residents. He exhorted the people to oppose the measure tooth and nail.According to Bandra civic activist, Shyama Kulkarni residents were alarmed at the rise of tobacco shops near schools and also wanted to ensure that the fire fighting infrastructure was revitalised in the area. Most of the hydrants were not working, she said. Several of the citizens asked for more effective disposal of their solid waste and grease traps to be installed outside resturants who normally empty their refuse into storm water drains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "12224006", "title": "First woman priest for Mizoram", "text": "AIZAWL: The Baptist Church of Mizoram (BCM) ordained Dr R L Hnuni as a priest on Sunday. As the male-dominated churches and the patriarchal Mizo society has always discriminated against woman, the recommendations to appoint Hnuni as a priest were rejected by the executive committee of the assembly in 2010-2011. However after many hiccups in the process, Hnuni has finally been appointed as the first woman priest in the state. But, she may not look after a pastoral like her male counterparts.Hnuni, principal of Academy of Integrated Christian Studies (AICS) in Aizawl, was ordained by Rev Raltawnga, president of the Lunglei church, during the BCM assembly. A noted theologian and an expert in the Old Testament of the Bible , she received her master and doctoral degrees from UTC, Bangalore.After working as a lecturer in the Aizawl Theological College and Eastern Theological College, she was also the treasurer of the senate of Serampore College in West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209147", "title": "When SRK floored Jaya Bachchan", "text": "At a special legends tribute presentation to celebrate the centenary celebrations, Shah Rukh Khan charmed everyone present on stage - especially the ladies.The event saw the likes of evergreen superstars Rajesh Khanna , Manoj Kumar , Dilip Kumar , Asha Parekh and Waheeda Rehman . In fact, the actor was seen sharing a private joke with Jaya Bachchan that had Bollywood's first-lady in splits.The night was truly Shahrukh Khan's night as his sultry Chhamak Chhalo, Kareena Kapoor took on some incredible South Indian moves to songs like Nakka Mukka and The Kolaveri Di. His Rab Ne Bana Di co-star, Anushka Sharma showcased dance styles like Lezim and Hip Hop with TV actors Nandish Sandhu and Shabbir Ahluwalia . King Khan also impersonated a stylised Chicago-style gangster to put up an unusual act.While he was at his best at the Apsara Awards, close friends like Karan Johar took jabs at Vidya Balan that made her go red with embarrassment. Good friends and newlyweds, Riteish and Genelia Deshmukh also swayed to romantic songs.Watch the Badshah of Bollywood entertain you at the Apsara Awards today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12215741", "title": "Police clueless about cop's attackers, ASI still critical", "text": "INDORE: Even after three days passed, police are clueless about the accused, who axed to death a cop and left an assistant sub-inspector (ASI) seriously injured, after they attacked a police team in Ujjain.IGP, Indore Range, Anuradha Shankar, said that the ASI RB Goyal was quite bold and already took action against various groups involved in different kinds of crimes in the area in the past. So, there is a possibility that one of those groups might have plotted to eliminate him, she said, adding that the ASI was recovering at a hospital. \"We hope that he could help us solve the case,\" said the IGP.SP, Khargone, RP Singh, said that the police were working hard and would crack the case soon. He said that the ASI, who is admitted to a hospital, will also be useful in giving clues that would lead the police to the accused in the ongoing investigation into the matter.He further said that police have already got some important clue, but it would be too early to say anything.The SP said that the ASI had been shifted from ventilator in the hospital. Doctors, treating him, hoped that the ASI would recover soon, said the SP.A constable identified as Raghunath Singh, 33, was hacked to death, while Goyal was seriously injured in an attack by unidentified persons a day before Holi festivities. He was admitted to Bombay Hospital for the treatment where he is still battling for his life.Raghunath, son of Dilip Singh, who died on the spot. He was a resident of Jhabua and Goyal, son of PL Goyal, is a resident of Bhind.Police said that Goyal, who joined Mandleshwar police on July 1, 2010, had gone to Bakla village on a routine round when the incident took place in the nearby forest area. At the time of incident, Raghunath was accompanying him. He joined Mandleshwar police on February 29, 2008.Both the cops were attached with Mandleshwar police in Khargone district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216386", "title": "'Drawing diagrams is a must in biology paper'", "text": "NAGPUR: From next year, HSC students would be tested with an updated, CBSE-level biology course and paper. However, this does not reduce the importance of this year's biology paper on Monday because it is a crucial subject for lakhs of students who appear for the medical common entrance exams.Sameet Phale, lecturer at Dr Ambedkar College (Deekshabhoomi), gives tips to students to crack the HSC biology paper scheduled for Monday. Phale says biology examinations can seem intimidating, but the key to overcome this obstacle is preparation.\"By learning how to study for biology exams, one can conquer the fear. Remember, the purpose of biology examination is to demonstrate that students have understood the concepts and information that have been taught, and developed the skills to draw diagrams,\" said Phale.Here are some points Phale asked students to remember to ensure that they get maximum marks in biology.* Organisation is important for success in biology. Good time management skills will help become more organized and waste less time while writing the exam.* There are four types of questions in both papers. These are questions for one, two, four and eight marks, which appear in the same order. There are five questions bearing eight marks each.* Always start a new answer on a new page of the answer sheet and put the appropriate question numbers without fail before you start writing. Also, you must finish the answer in one go. Avoid writing in a haphazard manner.* Answer questions in the order they appear, however, you can also answer them according to your confidence level. But please don't forget to number them correctly.* Write only precise and to the point answers. In 'give reasons' type of questions, your answer should not be lengthy but must be scientific and accurate. You must write four correct points, excluding examples and diagrams in 'distinguish between' questions. Such questions normally do not expect diagrams.* Draw diagrams wherever necessary. Remember, drawing the diagrams is a must as it has some allotted marks depending upon the type of question. For this, you must have practised diagrams throughout the session. Remember 'practice makes the man and woman perfect'. Biology is incomplete without diagrams. Always try to draw diagrams with 2B pencil and also keep a good quality eraser. I can assure you that a neat, proportionate diagram with at least four correct labels, fetches full marks.* While beautiful handwriting enhances presentation, speed is also a critical factor. Biology is a lengthy paper so your handwriting should be legible. It is a human tendency to appreciate neat and clean work and examiners are no exception.Subject: Biology Paper-IIMarks: 40 for theory and 20 for Practical (Bio - I is also of 40 marks)Passing marks: 35 including theory and practicalDuration : 2 hours", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12216440", "title": "Eat the chef", "text": "Chef Saby's face is a picture of concentration as he carefully infuses a small vanilla sponge cake with liquid nitrogen . One mistake and the nitrogen - which is at a temperature of -196 degrees celsius - can thaw the fingers off his hand.But such thoughts are not playing on the mind of the master chef who presides over the kitchen at Delhi's 'Olive' restaurant. As he finishes the infusion, he steps back for a moment to admire his creation before encrusting it in cinnamon sugar and cocoa powder - the final step before it is ready to go. The dazzling dessert, which he's named 'Dragon Sorbet' - on the first bite, the nitrogen is released in the form of a gust of air through the nostrils of the eater, thereby giving the impression of a dragon's snort - is among the many creations that has made the talented chef a darling of the swish set, and a celebrity in his own right.He's not the only one. The tribe of celebrity chefs is growing as they get famous through TV shows, internet blogs and cookery contests. \"In the restaurant business, either your food has to be the star or your chef,\" says Manish Mehrotra, executive chef at Old World Hospitality , who has many guests asking him to prepare dishes like 'Crab Claws Rasam' and 'Sitaphal Cream with Ramdana Laddoo' that won him accolades on Foodistan, a TV show that he participates in.With more and more chefs stepping out of the kitchen and becoming visible, it is good news for the men who wield the ladle. But many are wondering what it means for the eating-out business in the country. Is the fame of these kitchen kings and queens also rubbing on their establishments? Does being a celebrity chef-driven restaurant mean big business as well?Not really, says food writer and columnist Pushpesh Pant. \"Although the phenomenon of celebrity chefs is on the rise, as of now, they merely provide staple fodder on Page 3. I don't believe that this trend will have any substantial, lasting or significant impact on eating habits or food business in India. Such outlets cater to passing fancies of only a microscopic , rich elite.\"This is a tirade regularly thrown at the celebrity chef-oriented restaurant - that they are terribly expensive and snooty to boot. But it's a point hotly contested by Zorawar Kalra, whose father, the iconic culinary writer and food consultant Jiggs Kalra, helped set up a number of Indian restaurants like 'Dum Pukht' , 'Bukhara' and 'The Great Kabab Factory' .Zorawar now runs the 'Punjab Grill by Jiggs Kalra' that accentuates the name of his father to evoke, as he puts it, \"trust among diners and the confidence that they are going for a superlative dining experience.\" As for the expensive bit, he says if the input costs are high, the menu would reflect that. \"If we take care to use only the best ingredients like meat from a male goat, corn-fed ducks or the finest Scotch salmon, the dishes would be expensive. But having said that, it's not as if they are overtly so. Also, there are many celebrity chef restaurants where price is not a factor, like 'The Girl and the Goat' started by 'Top Chef ' winner Stephanie Izard. It's a place that is extremely popular and very reasonably priced.\"In the UK, Europe and the US, celebrity chef-oriented places are widely accepted. Chefs like Britain's Gordon Ramsay , 'The Naked Chef ' Jamie Oliver, 'The French Laundry's' Thomas Keller or Ferran Adria of 'El Bulli' are regularly hailed by food guides like Michelin In fact, the Michelin system of con ferring stars on a chef - which usu ally decides the restaurant's popular ity - is a concept that many feel will also make its way to India as the le gion of celebrity chefs grows, thereby expanding the segment further.Food critic Sid Khullar, who runs the blog 'Chef-at-large' , says Michelin-starred chefs will be here eventually, although they may be successful only in the fine-dining scene in India. \"Since they are culi nary artists, whose food presenta tion requires plating, they will be more visible in cuisines other than Indian. But they will need to make a few changes to the usual plating system due to our 'value for money requirement' .\"One celebrity chef who has suc cessfully cracked the 'value-for money' ethos of Indian diners and reached out to a mass market is San jeev Kapoor, who, many believe pioneered the celebrity chef con cept in the country with his TV show Khana Khazana.Kapoor's business empire now encompasses, besides his chain of restaurants, a range of cookbooks his own brand of packaged foods stake in a TV food channel as well as a recently launched cookware company.Not surprisingly then, he says the opportunity for chefs to leverage on their brand name is immense. \"This segment is at an interesting stage and will evolve further,\" he says \"But first, more chef-owned restau rants have to come up. The challenge is not to limit it to a select audience but to deliver consistent quality at low costs. This can be possible if more chefs, especially the ones who are famous, take the risk and reach out to more people.\"If and when that happens, con versations around many tables might just turn around from \"what dish are you having?\" to \"which chef are you having?\"On my tableTop chefs and some of their signature dishesVikas Khanna |Tree of Life (Cornflakes-crusted cauliflower with tomato-garlic chutney)Vineet Bhatia |Tandoori Scottish salmon; Trilogy of chickenAtul Kochhar |Smoked tomato chutney and Piccalilli Benarasi chaat potato cakesRitu Dalmia |Crab ravioli in a seafood broth; Pumpkin ravioli", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12215739", "title": "Girl commits suicide after 'betrayal', youth arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: A 21-year-old girl committed suicide in Murlipura locality of the city after she was allegedly betrayed by her paramour. The girl had left a suicide note accusing a young boy of befooling her on the pretext of marriage and police have arrested the suspected youth on Saturday.Police said the victim was in love with a youth residing in her neighbourhood for almost four years. Since the youth had promised the girl that he will marry her, they were into physical relationship. During this course, the girl had also terminated her pregnancy.\"On the eve of Holi festival, the girl consumed a poisonous substance and was rushed to a private hospital at the Sikar road where she succumbed,\" an investigating police officer of the case said on Saturday.The arrested youth has been identified and police have booked him for abetment of suicide.Deputy commissioner of police (West) Sharat Kaviraj confirmed that the girl had left a suicide note in which she had given several emotional reasons for taking the extreme step and had also accused the youth of betrayal.\"We can't disclose the names of the girl and the youth since both were neighbours and parents of the girl have requested anonymity,\" he said.Police added that the parents of both the girl and the boy knew about the relationship and had taken up several measures to keep them away. \"Even, the parents of the boy had sent him out of the city for studies, but he came quite often to the city and did not stop meeting the girl,\" a police officer said.The father of the deceased girl has lodged a case at Murlipura police station against the youth implicating him in abetment of suicide.Further investigations in the case were on, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216602", "title": "Water level in Vidarbha dams alarming", "text": "NAGPUR: In spite of average rainfall in the state as well as Vidarbha, the water level in the major dams is alarming. Though the situation is not as bad as 2009 and 2010, the storage in the dams is 14% less as compared to 2011. The situation is worst in Marathwada. Farmers will be the most affected as they get what is left after drinking and industrial usage.Irrigation officials said that even though the region had received average rainfall, it was not sufficient in catchment areas of dams, which is crucial. Moreover, complete stoppage of rains after September also increased evaporation in October and November.\"The soil is wet in September end. If there is any rainfall in October it percolates down and finally reaches the water bodies,\" an official explained adding that in some cases irrigation department had closed the gates too early assuming that there would be some rainfall in October. However, this calculation went haywire.The storage in major dams of the state as on date is 44% while that of Vidarbha is 42%. This will be insufficient to meet the water demand in many areas of the state.The average storage of major dams in Nagpur division is 42%. Nand, Bagh and Kalisarar dams have gone completely dry. Totladoh is 40% full, Kamptee-Khairi - 64%, Wadgaon - 25%, Itiadoh - 62%, Sirpur - 51%, Pujaritola - 27%, Asolamendha - 21%, Bor - 35%, Dham - 24% and Pothra - 24%.The two new dams - Lower Wardha and Gosikhurd - have higher water storage. Lower Wardha's figure is 46% while Gosikhurd has 66% storage. The dams of Amravati division are 35% full. Pentakli, Nalganga, Kotpurna, Bembla and Arunavati dams are almost dry.City safe from water problemsNagpurians most likely will not face major water supply problems in the coming summer. SS Hastak, water supply chief of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), said that there was enough water in Totladoh reservoir to meet the city's need. \"There will be no water crisis this year,\" he assured.Totladoh dam is 40% full and its downstream dam Kamptee Khairi has 64% water as on date.Irai dam, that supplies water to Chandrapur power plant, had 60% water. \"Mahagenco had increased the dam height by 0.5 metre and this had paid dividends,\" chief general manager Suresh Gohotare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214637", "title": "Ram Charan injured during shooting", "text": "HYDERABAD: Actor Ram Charan Tej suffered a muscle tear during shooting of a song sequence of his latest film 'Rachcha'. Though he is likely to be out of action for at least three weeks due to injury, it is learnt that he would attend the scheduled audio release function of the film to be held at People's Plaza on Necklace Road on Sunday.It is learnt that the actor, son of actor-politician K Chiranjeevi, suffered the injury while doing a complicated dance movement at the Annapurna Studios at Banjara Hills in the city where a special stage had been set up for the shooting of the song. Sources said the MRI scan showed a five-inch muscle tear, which is also known as a footballers' groin. Ram Charan is yet to complete a couple of more songs for the film but due to his injury the shooting is likely to be put on hold for some time. The incident in which he suffered the injury reportedly happened three days ago at the Annapurna Studios.On Sunday, a mega event has been planned for the audio release of the film, being directed by Sampath Nandi under the Mega Super Good films banner. Because of the injury to Ram Charan Tej, the release of the film, which was expected to be towards the end of the month or early April may be affected.It may be mentioned here that Ram Charan Tej had a providential escape in an accident involving a train in Goa last year while he was shooting for the same film. His car got stuck on the railway track but the actor had a lucky escape as jumped out of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12215057", "title": "Drugs worth Rs 4 crore seized, three held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three persons were arrested and drugs worth Rs 4 crore were seized from them at Inder Enclave in west Delhi.Sources in the special cell said the accused may have Maoist links. Around 2.75kg of heroin and 2kg of phenobarbital, having sedative properties and used as anti-convulsants, and sourced from Orissa and Jharkhand were seized, they said.\"The accused Rafique, 30, Raheesh, 24, and Amit, 22, were nabbed after cops received a tip-off. Rafique was the gang leader. Amit resisted arrest and had to be overpowered by the police while Raheesh was nabbed as well,\" said L N Rao, additional DCP, special cell.Both were subjected to sustained interrogation upon which they revealed they were members of Rafique's gang, he said. \"They used to procure heroin from Rafique and supply it to rave parties and pubs in Punjab and small-time drug peddlers in slums,\" Rao added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214704", "title": "Calligraphic touch to Ghalib\u2019s poetry", "text": "HYDERABAD: The beautiful poetry of Ghalib, Iqbal and Maqdoom was given an artistic form by budding calligraphers at an exhibition at Idara-e-Adabiyat-e-Urdu, Panjagutta road, which began on Saturday.With more than 200 exhibits from various disciplines of calligraphy such as suls, nasq and kufi from Arabia and the Indo-Persian nastaliq and diwani on paper, wood, cloth and glass, 25 students of the 2010-12 batch of the calligraphy class kept funn-e-khattati (art of calligraphy) alive.Teacher and master calligrapher Abdul Ghaffar said, \"As the name suggests, letters were written in diwani by palace officials for transmitting secret messages from one place to another. At a time when emperors ruled the county, diwani emerged as the means of codifying messages so that only those trained in reading it could decipher the content. It was developed by Turks in the 15th century. This form was later popularized and is still in practice.\" He added that admissions for the two-year diploma in calligraphy would start in June 2012.The nuances of calligraphy were displayed in the various manifestations of the letter of the Urdu, Persian and Arabic alphabet. Students explained that every letter has three different manifestations - one at the beginning, one in the middle and one at the end and since Arabic is a vowel- sensitive language, any remissness while writing could change the meaning of a couplet or ayat (verse).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12215732", "title": "No headway in Congress worker's murder", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur police, investigating the murder case of 28-year-old Congress worker and gem stone businessman from Ramganj, have recovered his motorbike from an isolated place in Subhash Chowk area but are yet to get some concrete clues to crack the case. Police is also facing difficulty in getting the call details of the deceased since he had subscribed to three different service providers with the same number over a period of six months.His body was later found some 200 metres away from the national highway on Friday morning.On Saturday, the Amber police recovered the motorbike from Subhash Chowk area and were trying to get details of the calls received on his cell number.\"It appears that Rahil, through number portability, had changed the service provider of his cell number. Thus, we need to get the call details of his number from three cellular companies since in the past six months he had changed his service providers thrice while keeping the same number,\" an officer said.However, the police have not ruled out prolonged business rivalry as being behind the murder of the youth, who was also a gem stone businessman in the city.\"The murder, especially the fact that five rounds were fired at him, suggests that it is a case of rivalry, possibly over money or some woman,\" said the officer.\"Police have got some important clues and are about to solve the murder mystery. But they can't reveal much information on the progress of the investigations,\" deputy commissioner of police (north), Ashok Naruka, said.\"Any information from our side will alert the murderers. We can't say much but can assure that the case would be solved within a few days,\" he added.Meanwhile, the Amber police have questioned at least 12 persons in connection with the murder.Asked if any kind of extortion was the cause of murder, police denied calling rivalry to be probably behind the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12215369", "title": "Now, MP sand mafia fire at magistrate, cops", "text": "BHOPAL: A war between the state and Madhya Pradesh's politically-powerful mining, illegal hooch and construction mafia seems to be unfolding. The week ended with a sub-divisional magistrate, a sub-divisional police officer and their team facing a hail of bullets while on inspection to track down illegal sand miners in Panna district on Saturday. Miraculously, nobody was hurt in the latest attack.A team led by SDM Nathuram Gaud, SDPO Jagannath and inspector Mohammad Aslam had gone to Harrai village to seize and destroy a temporary bridge constructed by the mafia to transport sand to neighbouring Uttar Pradesh, police sources said. As the team approached, goons fired at them, forcing the police to open retaliatory fire. As firing continued, reinforcements were rushed to the spot.\"No one was injured. We have identified the gang leader as Kuber Singh, a former dacoit of the area now active in illegal sand mining. He has a gang of goons who mine and sell the sand in neighbouring Uttar Pradesh,\" a senior police official said.However, Panna SP Anil Maheshwari sought to downplay the incident. \"Woh UP ke badmash the (they were criminals from UP),\" he said. \"The officials went to destroy a temporary bridge they had constructed. Whether any firing took place or not is a matter of investigation.\"The sand mining mafia is active in almost all MP districts, destroying riverbeds that dry up in the winter and peak summer months and threatening many major rivers.The incident followed the killing of young IPS officer Narendra Kumar allegedly by the mining mafia, an assault on another IPS officer and the killing of a constable trying to stop illegal sale of liquor on Holi.Narendra Kumar was killed on Thursday while trying to stop a tractor trolley ferrying illegally mined stones in Morena district, the same day a group of supporters of a BJP legislator attacked another IPS officer and his team trying to prevent sale of liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12215171", "title": "Traffic cops will shoot you in act", "text": "BANGALORE: The next time you are caught committing a traffic violation, don't even think of fibbing your way through. For the traffic policeman may have photographic evidence of you committing the violation.City traffic police will be armed with 400 digital cameras to catch traffic violators in the act, police commissioner B G Jyothi Prakash Mirji told STOI. The department received 100 digital cameras from a city-based NGO on Friday.\"The photographic evidence in the hands of traffic policemen will bring public-police altercation on traffic violations to an end,\" Mirji hoped. Cops will carry digital cameras during their drive against traffic offenders. The photos and small video clips will be stored in CDs. \"We'll store the photos till offenders pay the fine or if they argue, we will produce the same before court,\" said a senior police officer. \"Cameras will rescue policemen from being victims,\" he added.CASE STUDY Dr Narayanaswamy (name changed), 55, was stumped on receiving a traffic challan for riding without a helmet. The doctor had never ridden a two-wheeler and had been using cars since his college days. He rushed to a senior traffic police officer. A close examination showed that the traffic constable had noted down KA 04 instead of KA 05, and the trail led police to the doctor. The matter was resolved without the doctor coughing up a paisa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12223988", "title": "Joint combing operation for GNLA, Ulfa rebels", "text": "GUWAHATI: City police, along with Meghalaya Police, has started a combing operation in certain places along the Assam-Meghalaya border to flush out any militants in the area.Police said that the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has started to build a strong nexus with Paresh Baruah-led Ulfa hardliners to increase its presence across the state.The city police, who recently nabbed one of the top GNLA ultras, said that the Garo outfit is poised to unleash abduction and extortion terror in and around the city. SP Apurba Jibon Baruah confirmed that GNLA was behind the abduction of one Dinesh Sarma of Beltola, who was kidnapped from a coal depot in Pllingkata on March 2.\"It's a major finding for the police department that GNLA and Ulfa hardliners are trying to set up camps in the areas near the Assam-Meghalaya border and in some areas of the south Kamrup district. We have intensified our vigilance in these areas and launched combing operations as well. We won't allow any outfit to set up their camps here,\" said the city SP.According to the police, the Garo outfit is now building ties with Ulfa hardliners and trying to lure villagers of the border areas into joining them. \"The militants are trying to attract the villagers who are mostly deprived of basic amenities and are angry with the state government. They are trying to strengthen their muscle in the state,\" said a top policeman.The city police also arrested four top leaders of GNLA on Friday night in a search operation in Kiling area. They were identified as Tengrile Sangma, Teran Sangma, Mukhar G Areng and Paul Ektaus Momin.\"These four were monitoring the movements of several top businessman of the city and were waiting for a chance to kidnap them. Their arrest is a major success for the police department. Their interrogation is revealing many interesting facts. We have also succeeded in collecting some video images of many of the ultras,\" added Baruah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12216061", "title": "Mamata central to states\u2019 resistance to UPA schemes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union railway minister Dinesh Trivedi's recent statement on mid-term polls was not the only reason that raises suspicions about Trinamool Congress Mamata Banerjee's intention. There are other reasons too why Banerjee's presence at the swearing in of the Badals and Akhilesh might not be viewed as just political courtesy. She has become the pivot for the resistance of states to a number of important initiatives of UPA-Lokayuktas, FDI in retail and the National Counter Terrorism Centre. She has proactively mobilized opposition to these important UPA measures, with scant attention to her status as a paid-up member of the UPA.The TMC chief has also initiated a CMs' club with regional parties for the development of the eastern region, with JD(U) leader and Bihar CM Nitish Kumar and BJD chief and Orissa CM Naveen Patnaik.A wary Congress has tried to placate the Trinamool chief, and the effort saw Congress general secretary Shakeel Ahmed paying a 45 minute-long courtesy call on Banerjee. According to sources, the meeting saw Banerjee reminding her Congress interlocutor of West Bengal's interest servicing burden of Rs 21,000 crore against a revenue of Rs 20, 000 crore - reiterating, in other words, her demand for a financial package for the state.The West Bengal CM, according to sources in AICC, agreed with the Ahmed that Congress leadership's \"exercise restraint\" diktat has been scrupulously followed by party workers in West Bengal for more than a fortnight. However, this does not calm nerves of a Congress, increasingly jittery at the prospect of a Trinamool ambush. Mamata was remarkably enthusiastic in greeting Mulayam Singh for his mega-win in UP. \"Aap ne to kamaal kar diya Netaji,\" West Bengal CM, among the first to call Lucknow after the results, is learnt to have told Mulayam Singh Yadav.Banerjee is scheduled to visit Nagpur on March 13 for a personal visit. Interestingly, Parkash Singh Badal has offered to send an aircraft for Banerjee to Nagpur to fly her over to Chandigarh for the March 14 function. From there the Punjab CM will also reach her to Lucknow in a special flight in time to attend the swearing-in function of Akhilesh Singh Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12215469", "title": "Law and order will be given top priority, says Akhilesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister-designate Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday promised to have law and order as his top priority and said action would be taken against officials, who were lax in handling incidents of violence soon after his party emerged victorious in the UP assembly polls.He blamed officials appointed by the previous government for inaction. \"...part of the problem is that officials appointed by the previous dispensation are still in place and not performing their duties. That will change.'' He said honest officers would soon be appointed. \"Action will be taken against those who did not perform their duties,'' said the CM-designate, who emphasized zero-level tolerance against hooliganism.Akhilesh said he would not follow the policy of vendetta politics and promised to \"implement every word'' in his party's manifesto. \"I reiterate that the Samajwadi Party will keep all the promises it made in its manifesto,\" he said while addressing his first presser after he was named as the CM. He said parks and memorials built during former CM Mayawati's tenure would be safe. \"As I have been reiterating, the memorials and parks will be safe, although not many people go to see them.''Akhilesh, who would be sworn-in as the chief minister on March 15, said his government would rather utilize open spaces for constructing hospitals and educational institutes. He thanked the state's people for his party's thumping victory and said the party's aim would be to concentrate on the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. He said his father, Mulayam Yadav, would remain in politics, both in UP and at the Centre, and that he would move forward with his blessings.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12215864", "title": "This summer, Tamil Nadu to import beer from other states", "text": "CHENNAI: This summer, it is not just icecream that will be in demand. With rising demand from beer guzzlers and a dip in supply from distilleries in the state, the Tamil Nadu Marketing Sales Corporation (Tasmac) plans to import beer from other states to make up for the shortfall.Tasmac officials said initially about five lakh cases of beer would be procured from other states. Last summer, sales reached a new high with monthly consumption crossing 25 lakh cases. Tasmac authorities expect the average monthly demand to touch 35 lakh cases this season.In 2010-11, beer sales touched 2.7 crore cases compared to the previous years' figure of 2.4 crore cases. The increase in sales could result in demand outstripping the supply capability of manufacturers in the state this summer.For years, Tamil Nadu has had a policy of not retailing beer that is not brewed in the state, leaving the market with limited choice.\"The local suppliers cannot meet the demand this summer. We recently floated a tender for registering companies who envince interest in supplying beer,\" a Tasmac official said.The southern beer market, constituting nearly 50% of national beer sales, is dominated by 'strong' beer brands with an alcohol content of 7.5-8%, a segment that is growing significantly. Sales are usually high in March, April and May, the peak summer season.According to official statistics, Tamil Nadu ranks third in consumption after Punjab and Andhra Pradesh, while in volume terms, the state tops the list due to higher taxes. Industry sources said the relatively high temperature in the state this season had spurred high beer consumption.Cashing in on the high demand for beer, salesmen at outlets in Chennai and outskirts have started increasing the price by 5 to 10 a bottle. An official said the company had been receiving regular reports of overcharging at almost all retail outlets. Tasmac supplies more than 20,000 cases of beer a day, so the bonanza (for the staff) can be imagined, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12215342", "title": "Police take out march after clashes", "text": "KANPUR: The police and the PAC took out a march through the sensitive pockets of the city on Saturday afternoon following the clash between two groups on March 8.The march began from Yateem Khana area and moved through various areas that have mixed population. A huge police force remained deployed in the Parampurwa area to avert further trouble.On the day of Holi, two incidents of clashes had taken place involving youth of two communities. The incident was a fallout of throwing of colours by one group over the women of the other group. It resulted into heavy brick-batting and left many persons injured. The police force from nearly half-a-dozen police stations reached the area and brought the situation under control. After the situation came under control, the police left the place. This was a tactical error as fresh violence erupted on Friday morning, leaving a youth injured. The police conducted a route march through the disturbed Parampurwa area and other localities.Meanwhile, a massive vehicle checking drive was held in different areas of the city on Saturday. It began in the morning and continued till late in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12214856", "title": "Food policies not working: Gujarat study", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Various government policies such as the Public Distribution System (PDS), mid-day meal, food for work programme, National Rural Employment Guaranty Scheme (NREGA) have failed to create food security at the household level, says a study by Gujarat Institute of Development Research.The findings of a primary survey of 110 households undertaken in two districts of two villages - a tribal district and a developed one - in Gujarat showed that about 80% of households have fewer meals in a day because there was not enough food, while 78% have to make do with a smaller meal.The working paper 'Food Security at Household Level: A Preliminary Investigation of Two Villages in Gujarat' by Itishree Pattnaik, says that the consumption of high-value items like milk and vegetables was negligible among the villages due to food inflation.\"The households cope with the food inflation by consuming less food, cutting down the consumption of milk and vegetables as well as borrowing. Lower assets or few resources and more responsibilities leads to food insecurity among households that in turn leads to less consumption of food among women,\" the paper says.In the tribal village in Dahod district, 30% households reduced the quantity of their meals, 29% borrowed money, 24% reduced the number of meals in a day, 10% reduced the quantity of meals for their women while 7% reduced the consumption of milk and vegetables.In the non-tribal village in Amreli district, among other coping mechanisms, households stopped sending their children to school. In the village, 37% reduced quantity of their meals, 35% reduced consumption of milk and vegetables, 15% borrowed money, 6% reduced the consumption of meal for their women, 5% reduced the number of meals and 2% households stopped sending their children to school.\"Enough food is being produced at the national level and there are enough buffer stocks at the central pool. Despite this and the existence of PDS which is targeted at poor people, food insecurity at the household level still exists,\" the paper says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12215211", "title": "Tortured woman seeks police help", "text": "MALDA: A housewife drenched in kerosene rushed to the English Bazar police station for help claiming that her husband and mother-in-law tried setting her on fire on Saturday. Following the complaint, police have arrested the victim's husband and mother-in-law.Set on fire by in-laws housewife rushed to police station to save herself. Following the complaint of her police have arrested husband and mother in law. The incident took place today at English Bazaar Police Station.Around 12.30 pm on Saturday, Santana Datta ran into the police station. The resident of Durgabari in Malda town was reeking of kerosene. On inquiring, police got to know that her husband and his mother had planned to set her alight.Santana was married to Paritosh Ghosh, a resident of Najrul Sarani, two years back. The couple also has a daughter. The victim alleged that at the time of marriage Paritosh had claimed to work in a private firm. But she eventually got to know that he was unemployed. He even pressured his wife to bring money from her father.A few months back, Santana's father, Raghunath Datta, passed away. Her mother Ganga Datta, who works as a domestic help, failed to satisfy her son-in-law's demand. As a result, Santana was tortured almost regularly. She was often locked up in a room. Recently, they snatched away her phone and she was also not allowed to meet her mother. On Saturday afternoon, the husband and mother-in-law poured kerosene on Santana and was about to set fire when she managed to escape and ran to the police station which is about 500m away.Sub-inspector Sipra Roy, raided the victim's house and arrested Paritosh and his mother Mallika. Ganga Datta, mother of Santana had broken into tears,\"Apart from jewellery, I also gave Rs 35,000 during my daughter's marriage. But her in-laws kept asking for more money. Santana was roughed up regularly and not allowed to meet me. Today, it reached an extreme when they attempted to take her life. I'll never allow Santana to go back there,\" said a teary-eyed Ganga.Police superintendent Jayanta Pal said, \"On the basis of the complaint lodged by the victim, we have arrested the husband and mother-in-law. They will be produced in court on Sunday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12215584", "title": "Man uses forged papers to procure Rs 3 crore loan, held", "text": "GURGAON: Police have arrested a man for allegedly forging documents and applying for a loan of Rs 3 crore from a bank. The accused had shown that he had purchased a plot of land on MG Road from a doctor, but the plot owner denied having any information about this. Police have recovered three arms licences from the possession of the accused.According to the police, Dr V P Sachhar, a resident of Shanti Niketan in Delhi and working with Gangaram Hospital, had filed a complaint against Pushant Kumar Tyagi, a resident of Sector 46 in Noida for forging documents for the purpose of cheating and disposition of a property, plot number A-1 in Sushant Lok-I.The doctor told police that the said plot of 810 sq m was purchased by him in 1989. He had apparently come to know that the accused was using forged papers with his forged signature and was trying to raise a loan of Rs 3 crore from a bank against the plot. He said that he never entered into any agreement to sell the plot with anybody so far.According to the police, the accused made fake agreement papers of the plot and reached the MG Road branch of Bank of India to apply for a Rs 3 crore loan. When the bank manager, Gulshan Lal Bhatia, called the doctor to confirm the documents, he was surprised and requested the bank manager to file a complaint against the accused. But when the bank manager did not take any action, Sachhar reached the Sector 29 police station and filed a complaint on Friday.In the meantime, Sector 29 SHO Jagdish Parshad reached the bank branch with his team and arrested the accused on the spot.\"We have recovered three arms licences from the possession of the accused. One of licences had the accused's photograph but the name was mentioned as Kapil Kumar Tyagi, a resident of Hardypur village in Bulandshahr. We are interrogating the accused to crack the case,\" said the SHO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12215949", "title": "BJP, Cong congratulate Akhilesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Congress and BJP have welcomed Akhilesh Yadav on being designated as the new chief minister of Uttar Pradesh. UP Congress legislature party leader Pramod Tewari said he hoped the young chief minister would get the right advice from his supporters to develop the state. He is inexperienced. We hope he would get the right advice from his supporters to face the challenges.\"The BJP also congratulated Akhilesh and hoped that he would fulfill his poll promises. \"BJP hopes that Akhilesh would give a better administration and deal firmly with the problems like corruption and live up to the expectations of the people who have given SP the mandate,\" state party spokesperson Vijay Pathak said.Union minister Sriprakash Jaiswal said, \"The Samajwadi Party (SP) has chosen Akhilesh to lead the state government. We pray for his well-being. I hope he will solve the problems of the state and bring it out of the jungle raj.\" State BJP president Surya Pratap Shahi, in a letter addressed to Akhilesh, said, \"I hope you would strengthen the democratic institutions and check crime against women. I wish 20 crore people of the state will prosper under your leadership.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12219755", "title": "Bandook\u2019s interesting music mix", "text": "Director Aditya Om's Bandook has an interesting mix of singers in his debut venture. Late ghazal maestro Jagjit Singh recorded his last song for them.Says Aditya, \"The words of the song that Jagjitji sang are in shudh Hindi which he said was very rare nowadays. He had asked me for a screening but unfortunately that did not happen.\" National Award winner Rekha Bharadwaj has rendered an election song.Bandook also marks the comeback of Pakistani singer Altaf Raja who sang for a film in 2010. \"It's a qawwali of a different kind,\" Aditya reveals, adding, \"Our film needed a blend of rustic and realistic music. I toured rural interiors and researched folk forms like kajri, thumri, chaiti and poorvi qawwali. Music director Nikhil Kamath reworked on them to widen its appeal while retaining its original flavour. Besides direction, creating the right music was the biggest challenge I faced and I am happy that the songs have a universal appeal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216665", "title": "Trio\u2019s tree house a perfect living unit", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Drawing inspiration from nature to create the most innovative bio-sustainable home, a concept presented by Chandigarh College of Architecture (CCA) students, has been ranked 17th in an international competition beating 133 concepts of architectural students across the globe.In an impressive tree shaped \"living unit\", these students have replicated designs from nature such as walls inspired by octopus skin, water lily-shaped floor, dinosaur structure dome to create a self-sustained eco-dwelling unit.Competing with entries from world's leading architecture colleges, CCA along with NIT Raipur (which was ranked 27th) are the only two Indian entries in top 50 in the annual Biomimicry Student Design Challenge organized by the Biomimicry 3.8 Institute, USA.Harpreet Singh and Mrignaynee Bhagat, both students of third year were the team leaders with Harsimran Singh, a college graduate as their mentor. \"We created a home in the shape of a tree and it is a scientifically designed model for self-sustenance. Each living unit in this home can sustain 4-5 members and rooms are connected through stairs like branches of a tree,\" said Harpreet.\"The whole challenge was to imitate nature in the most technical, feasible and scientific manner. We made attempt to cater to concept behind organizing the event which was to cater to all future needs, right from temperature control to air conditioning,\" added Mrignaynee.The best ranked team in world created a desert snail structure, made by students from Art Institute of Isfahan in Iran. This team created a building that makes use of self-shading, surface reflection, and insulation to create a viable habitat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216728", "title": "Another win makes Sanam toast of city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City tennis player Sanam K Singhs winning spree is going steady. Three consecutive ITF titles has made him probably one of the most successful tennis players from Chandigarh and a berth in Indias Davis Cup team against Uzebkistan tie next month makes him the only one to have attained such heights in such a short span.On Saturday, Sanam Singh defeated Saketh Myneni in the 6-4,4-6, 7-5, in singles final of the ITF Futures tournament at Cosmopolitan Club in Bhimavaram to extend his winning spree.With this win, he has pocketed six ITF titles and fourth in singles category.The 24-year-old has had a remarkable year with winning his first ITF title at his home ground in Chandigarh. He beat N Sriram Balaji 7-5 6-3 in the summit clash. He followed it up by defeating Shuchi Sekiguchi of Japan, 6-1, 6-4 in the final to win the successive $10,000 mens Futures title at Bhopal recently. Remarkably, all three titles were won within a month with a grueling schedule and back-reaking traveling.Sanam said, I have been trying to improve my game and the results are showing now. Still, I want to strengthen my legs so that I have the stamina to play in big league.Mother Roopa Singh said, We saw the final match on TV, but did not get to talk to him as he was doing his stretching exercises after the match. The Davis Cup high has probably boosted his confidence and he is really playing well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12215008", "title": "'Hold of Congress-NCP combine on the state has increased'", "text": "NASHIK: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has done better in the recently concluded elections to local self-governing bodies in the state and with the Congress its hold in the state has only increased, Sharad Pawar said on Saturday.\"More than 75% of elected representatives belong to the Congress-NCP combine. There have been some issues regarding the municipal elections and the party is looking into them,\" Pawar said.Speaking to mediapersons at Nashik, the NCP president and union agriculture minister said that the NCP was growing and results of the polls recently held for local self-governing bodies were exciting. As far as assembly elections in 2014 are concerned, he said that issues then would decide tactics for elections; as of now, the NCP and Congress are doing good.In Thane, cases were registered against the NCP city unit president in relation to the alleged abduction of Suhasini Lokhande of the BJP. Pawar said that since the corporator had reached home safely and everybody knew who she voted for, it was proved that the allegations were baseless.\"Since the formation of a single-party government is now a difficult preposition and forming alliances is the way out, seeking support of corporators from other parties cannot be ruled out. In case of Thane, everybody knows who the corporator (Lokhande) voted for. This means that the allegations were baseless,\" Pawar claimed. On the issues related to the opposition to electronic voting machines (EVMs) and demands by political parties that the earlier system of voting by ballot papers be brought back, Sharad Pawar strongly refuted allegations and claims.\"Throughout the country, political parties have accepted the system and there is no opposition at all. As far as complaints related to the same are concerned, we are not aware of anything,\" Pawar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "agar nagar", "code": "12216906", "title": "Melody is a way of life for Jagjit\u2019s friend Bawa", "text": "AGAR NAGAR: It does not take long for a conversation with Rajinder Singh Bawa, 75, to almost naturally turn to music. Look around his room and the eye is sure to catch pictures of Bawa with ghazal maestro Jagjit Singh, a harmonium and music systems, which leave no doubt that melody is an integral part of his life. Honoured by the Ludhiana City Council on February 28, for his contribution to music, Bawa is now readying to perform in Moga.Once owner of a hosiery business that is now managed by his two sons, Bawa does not let one wonder too long about his association with Jagjit Singh. ''We were friends,'' he says. Going further back in memory, Bawa says he has been singing since he was in Class V at SDP High School, Hazuri Road in 1946. ''My teachers used to make me sing on stage even though I would always hesitate. As a kid my voice was thin and resembled Lata Mangeshkar's. However, when I grew up my voice became heavier and I started to sound more like Talat Mehmood Sahab. I grew up singing 'Aey mere dil kaheen aur chal' of 'Daag' movie and 'Jayen toh jayen kahaan' song of the movie 'Taxi Driver','' he says.He fasts forward to 1962 when he and Jagjit Singh moved to Mumbai together to test their luck. ''Manmohan Krishan, an actor, director and anchor made us sing in Cadbury Phulkaari on Radio Ceylon for 12 years. I had to come back to look after my family business but Jagjit stayed back. The last I saw him was in November 2011, when he came to meet me at home.Talking about his 2011 meeting with Jagjit Singh, Rajinder Singh Bawa says, \"We met for only an hour but I could see that he was in pain. He was one of the best singers our country had. I used to sing his compositions like 'Hothoon se choo lo tum' and even he sung my composition 'Baat niklegi to door talaq jaayegi'.\"In the 1970s, Bawa retired from his family business and began devoting more time to singing and music. ''I recorded songs for two movies that finally did not release and also for Doordarshan at Delhi and later at Jalandhar, when that station opened,'' he says.Bawa has also recorded a DVD of 12 ghazals sung by Talat Mehmood and hits of Muhammad Rafi. ''I distributed 1,000 copies of the DVD among friends and other music lovers. As long as I live I will continue to sing and will even leave my voice behind in the form of my songs,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12223894", "title": "NPCC to move private member bill in budget session", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland Pradesh Congress Committee (NPCC) president and MLA, S I Jamir said the Congress will move the Lokayukta bill as a private member bill in the budget session of the current Nagaland legislative assembly (NLA) beginning on Monday and a notice in this regard has already been sent to the NLA speaker.Jamir said the Congress would also raise questions on all important issues like bad governance and corruption in all government departments.The NPCC president alleged that the present DAN government had failed in the state. The Congress would mainly target the police department, the education department's Sarva Shiska Abhiyan (SSA) and Rastriyia Madyamak Shiska Abhiyan (RMSA), the health and family welfare department's National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) and back door appointments in various departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12215675", "title": "Swine flu control room made functional", "text": "JAIPUR: After six swine flu cases were reported in the city in last 10 days, the medical, health and family welfare department strengthened facilities at the swine flu control room at SMS Hospital, which was almost lying defunct during the last six months.Prior to the first case reported in Jaipur on February 28, there was no doctor deployed at the control room.A medical, health and family welfare department official said in an effort to strengthen control room, we have deployed eight doctors and four nursing staff to assist them in providing treatment to such patients.Moreover, the department has issued two numbers 0141-2605858 and 0141-2603426 for people to get more information about swine flu.The official said the doctors and the nursing staff would work in the direction to prevent swine flu from spreading. They would provide medical treatment and also survey the area from where a swine flu patient is detected.The department will conduct survey of 100 houses, which are close to the house of swine flu positive case.Also, the department has issued an appeal to the people not to ignore symptoms like common cold, sneezing, cough as these symptoms could be of swine flu and could pose serious threat to the life of the patient. The department has warned that children and pregnant women are more vulnerable to swine flu. They should take proper medical advice if they have symptoms like cold and cough.Since, the season is changing and patients of cold and cough, jaundice and other diseases increase, it is becoming difficult to single out cases of swine flu as the symptoms are quite similar, the department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216230", "title": "Sector 22 to soon have small playgrounds within the residential locality", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After Sector 35, Sector 22 will be the second sector of the city where residents of the area will be able to avail the facility of small playgrounds within the residential locality.Engineering wing of the Chandigarh municipal corporation has identified two sites in the sector for this purpose and sent drawings and feasibility report to the architect wing for approval.The matter will also be discussed in detail in the forthcoming coordination meeting of the MC with the officials of UT administration.We have identified two locations within the sector, where kids can easily play basketball, volleyball and badminton. Both of the sites are feasible for the construction of the small playgrounds as per our technical assessment. We have sent all the details in this regard in our report to get the approval from architect wing of UT, said an official of the engineering wing of the municipal corporation.The development has come following the scarcity of the playgrounds in the city and both UT and MC could not identify land for games like cricket, football , hockey, tennis, among other sports.Following this some of the municipal councillors brought the issue in the monthly house meeting of the MC last year and passed the issue in the house to construct small playgrounds in the unattended open areas of the within the residential areas.Earlier, Sector 35 was the first sector where such playground came in existence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12215099", "title": "BA student hangs self in PG room", "text": "KOLKATA: A second-year student of a girls' college at Shakespeare Sarani was found hanging in her room at Eliot Road late on Saturday evening. A suicide note was also found.Police said the victim, was has been identified as Jayee Lepcha, 22, The 22-year-old girl was a student of BA scond year. She was originally from Jalpaiguri. in north Bengal.Jayee used to stay at an Eliot Road flat as a paying guest along with another girl.On Saturday morning, the victim's roommate had gone out for some work. When she returned, the girl found the room locked from inside and sought the help of the landlord. On being informed, when Park Street police broke open the door, they found Jayee hanging. She used stay as a paying guest at a second floor flat at Eliot Road along with another girl. On Saturday Lepcha's room partner was not in the room. She went out for some work and in the evening when she returned, found the door of the room closed from inside. After repeated knocking when Lepcha did not respond she informed the landlord who called up police at Park Street. Police broke into the room and found Lepcha hanging.Initial probe revealed the victim committed suicide. Police also found a suicide note in English. where she did not blame anybody for her death.Foul play has been ruled out.After initial police have reasons to believe that Lepcha has committed suicide. No foul play has been found, confirmed an investigator. Police confirmed that a suicide note has been recovered written in English where she did not blame anyone. Cops are looking for the reason of the suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12215195", "title": "City to boast of financial hub", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee laid the foundation stone of the international financial hub in New Town, Rajarhat, on Saturday. Once fully operational, the facility will connect to other financial hubs at London, Singapore and Dubai, state finance minister Amit Mitra said.Incidentally, this is the second time instance that a financial hub has been proposed. In October 2010, Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee had laid the foundation stone for the project in the presence of then chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee. Within months, Hidco had announced plots for State Bank of India, UCO Bank, United Bank of India, UTI Mutual Fund and Industrial Financial Corporation of India (IFCI). But the entire project was dropped like hot potato when the new government was sworn in.\"The earlier financial hub led by a private promoter was scrapped. This is a new project and has nothing to do with the earlier one,\" an official of Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd (HIDCO) insisted. Hidco is the project's implementing agency.Pointing to the hub's strategic location, given its proximity to both the airport and the IT hub at Salt Lake Sector V, Mamata said the facility comprising financial institutions, bourses and insurance companies would generate employment for around 2 lakh professionals when completed.The CM said New Town had the potential to attract investments of over Rs 1,60,000 crore in residential and commercial projects. To reach out to the business community, the chief minister assured that they would receive all possible support from the state. \"We will not interfere in your business,\" she added.\"The hub will cover 100 acre. In the first phase though, the development will be spread over 25 acre,\" said Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen.Apart from the financial hub, the remaining 300 acre of the central business district will comprise corporate offices. \"We have floated expressions of interest (EOI) for the financial hub. The last date of application is April 24. Only big financial houses with annual turnover in excess of Rs 500 crore are invited to set up offices here,\" Sen clarified.Hidco has already allotted plots to two major public sector banks-Allahabad Bank and State Bank of India. The Calcutta Stock Exchange has also received a plot to set up a facility at the hub. If the financial hub does come up as projected, it will become the second such facility in the country after Bandra Kurla in Mumbai.Speaking at the event, Chinese Consul General Zhang Lizhong who was also present in the event said a financial hub in this part of the country will help establish better business ties with China. British Deputy High Commissioner Sanjay Wadvani was also present.Hidco has so far spent around Rs 2,000 crore for the development of infrastructure at New Town and plans to pump in Rs 5,400 crore more in the next five years. The CM said New Town had the potential to attract investments of over Rs 1,60,000 crore in residential and commercial projects. To reach out to the business community, the chief minister assured that they would receive all possible support from the state. \"We will not interfere in your business,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12215450", "title": "Mining sector needs overhaul, says Jairam", "text": "PUNE: Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh on Saturday said that the mining sector in the country needs a complete rethink.\"It's not just illegal mining but legal mining too is a problem and has a very serious adverse environmental consequence,\" he said in context with the recent killing of a young IPS officer, Narendra Kumar , at Morena in MP.Ramesh, who was on a day-long tour of model village Hiware Bazar, located about 110km from here in the neighbouring Ahmednagar district, said, \"Illegal mining is a very serious issue in all the states.\"\"When I was minister for environment and forest, I confronted this problem in Uttarakhand, Goa, Karnataka and parts of Maharashtra,\" he said. \"The way we do our mining is environmentally disastrous and socially very damaging,\" he added. Ramesh, who earned a reputation for being one of the most vocal environmental ministers with a firm and no-nonsense approach to various projects involving environmental clearances, said, \"We must change the way we approach mining.\" \"We must do mining that protects the environment, we must do mining that protects the livelihood of local communities and must do it in a way so that the benefits of mining go back to the local communities and not the few owners of mines, who become rich overnight,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12215077", "title": "Rural Gujarat banks on education", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was young women power to the fore at the Women Sarpanch Felicitation programme at the Gujarat University. Of the 831 female sarpanches, over 35 per cent were young and educated.For example, Shardaben Vasava, sarpanch of Umapada village is just 25 and is a Bachelor of Arts with specialization in industrial training. Vasava who was assisting the village body in the e-gram project was given the chance to be the sarpanch of the village only because she was educated and could understand the policies of the government.Shardaben claimed that her village, Umarpada, is perhaps the only village with a piped gas connection. Also majority of the houses have toilets in their own premises. She further said that the water drainage problems in the village will be solved.The sarpanch of Ruder village is also a 29-year-old educated woman, Vaishali Patel. Since her husband had been elected twice, she could easily become the sarpanch when the village decided to have all women body. For Vaishali, girl education in the village was the top priority. Also drinking water was a major issue and hence she wanted a 24x7 water supply along with underground drainage.But it was the entire panchayat body of Siswa who hogged the lime light - consisting of 12 women members, aged between 22 - 27 and led by the sarpanch Hinal Patel. Hinal, 25, in fluent English says that the criterion in her village was that one had to be a graduate to be in the panchayat. However, Hinal says that it was all in the family. Her father had been sarpanch twice while it was her mother who headed the panchayat before her. Also Siswa has been Samras village for the fourth time.Hinal wants each house in the village to have toilets and also a university just on the outskirts of the village. She said she heads the youngest and most educated panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12216825", "title": "UNDP chief appreciates Kerala CM\u2019s public interface", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Impressed at Kerala's e-governance initiative and the Chief Minister Oommen Chandy's mass contact programme, UNDP global director for democratic governance and former Cabinet Minister of South Africa, Geraldine Fraser Moleketi, said, `direct public interface' not just during elections but at times of need shows the willingness of a leader to make himself accessible to the people.\"It's an open door policy, an incredible initiative that makes the Chief Minister `walk the talk of the commitment' as a public figure, while campaigning for elections. With that, he makes the government accountable through electronic governance and consistent feedback,\" Moleketi told TOI here on Friday. She said, it was her first visit to Kerala and felt the city is one of the cleanest places.On UNDP initiatives in India, Moleketi said, \"Establishing a `Human Development Centre' at New Delhi and transparency in legislation will form part of that\". UNDP regional bureau cluster meeting of the Asia Pacific will be held for two days from March 16 at Delhi and it will focus on Indian region, she said. In 1999, UNDP entered into a partnership with Indian Planning Commission to build the states capacity to create Human Development Reports (HDRs). In 2002, HDRs from states were used for policy planning and the report from Kerala that year focused on challenges of people who are migrants, she said.On her popularity ratings as the most powerful women in the world and as a potential candidate for the post of future President of South Africa, Moleketi said, it will be based on popular decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12215392", "title": "MSRTC to upgrade pick-up points", "text": "PUNE: Commuters using the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) buses will get adequate sitting space, clean surroundings and better facilities at the MSRTC's pick-up points in the city outskirts.The MSRTC is planning to enhance waiting facilities for commuters at the pick-up points by providing additional chairs and extra space.The move is a result of an increase in the number of commuters preferring to board the buses from these points. The MSRTC officials will approach the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and the highway authority to seek additional space for expansion of the pick-up points.\"Over the last two years, commuters have been keen in boarding buses from the pick-up points in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad. A person saves money and time as he/she does not have to travel all the way to a bus terminus to catch a bus\", said an official from MSRTC.\"A lot of commuters travelling to Mumbai and southern parts, such as Kolhapur, Sangli and Satara, are using designated pick-up points to catch buses. Some pick-up points, including those at Katraj, Chandani chowk, Vanaz, Dange chowk, Parihar chowk, Wakad, etc, have registered significant increase in commuter movement,\" said the official.Even though the MSRTC has started new pick-up points, passengers have said some of the points required urgent improvement and upgradation.Amey Modak, a regular traveler, said, \"Some pick-up points do not have proper shed and sitting arrangements for passengers. For instance, pick-up points at Shivajinagar, Chandani chowk and Wakad lack sitting space and a shed. Passengers have to stand on the road and footpath with their luggage\".Another commuter Suresh Kant said, \"With summer holidays around the corner, the MSRTC needs to look into the issue and immediately initiate necessary steps\".An MSRTC official said, \"Pick-up points require additional space and chairs as existing sitting capacity is proving insufficient to accommodate commuters, especially on weekends. There is a plan to upgrade commuter facilities at prominent pick-up points in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad. Upgradation would be taken up in a phased manner. We would approach the civic body and highway authority if we require more space at some pick-up points\".Official also said the MSRTC recently appointed a controller at the Parihar chowk pick-up point to assist commuters. There is a plan to appoint controllers at a couple of points in near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12216048", "title": "AI cheated kin on pay-outs: lawyer", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore Air Crash of May 22, 2010 was all about compensation till now. It has got a new twist with Yeshwanth Shenoy, a legal consultant to the National Biodiversity Authority, and president of 812 Foundation, filing a private complaint at the JMFC II court here. He named 15 persons including Air India (AI), Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) and Airports Authority of India (AAI) for the court to take cognizance of the offences punishable under the Indian Penal Code and Aircraft Rules 1937, for various lapses.The case has been admitted by the court and will be heard on April 23. In an interview to Sunday Times of India, Shenoy claims that the victims' families have been cheated and the final agreements on the compensation arrived at by Air India will not stand the test of law, if challenged. Almost two years after the crash, you have filed the private complaint. What motivated you to do this? The accident, occurred because of the negligence of government officials, claimed 158 lives. This is unacceptable. People argue that train accidents take more lives, but that does not justify this. Many victims' families have signed final settlement agreement with AI.AI says that these cases will not be reopened? AI is not the Supreme Court. I will challenge the legality of these agreements. AI in a written reply to my RTI application has stated that their lawyer has taken instructions from insurance companies. How can an Air India lawyer take instructions from insurance companies? Families can approach 812 Foundation for free legal assistance.The victims' families are having a tough time in getting compensation. Will this impact the compensation pay- outs? AI is cheating the kin of the accident victims. People don't have proper legal representation or advice. They need money at the earliest to rebuild their lives and AI has taken advantage of the situation. I intend to interfere in the matter before the Supreme Court and bring to its attention various aspects. I am confident that the court will come down against AI. You submitted before the magistrate that you do not need investigation by police? I see no point in a police investigation. The Investigating officer (IO) of the accident filed a charge sheet on February 13, 2012 and he could not find anything. In the past 18 months, I made several RTI applications which were stonewalled by government officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12215945", "title": "Soon, sponsor your animal in VOC zoo", "text": "COIMBATORE: If things go as planned soon you can sponsor animals at the VOC zoo in Coimbatore. The zoo authorities will submit a proposal in this regard to the corporation commissioner on Monday.R Deepak, president of Coimbatore Pet Lovers' Association, said this system has been implemented on a trial basis at Vandalur zoo in Chennai. \"There are zoos in the country that let interested people sponsor animals. At the Mysore zoo, the system is highly successful. People sponsor expenses incurred by the zoo for taking care of the animals ,\" he said.According to zoo officials, this system is running quite well in many places. Recently, there was news about a person sponsoring an anaconda at a Gujarat zoo. There is no reason that this cannot be made a success in Coimbatore. If the proposal is accepted by the corporation, it can be a success here, he said.However, he pointed out the limitations in implementing the plan. \"This is a mini zoo now. So we do not have animals like the elephant, tiger or lion. But if we get permission from the central zoo authority, it is possible,\" the official said.Deepak said the success of the system depends on its transparency. The zoo director Dr Asokan said they have clear estimates on how much each animal will cost to sponsor. \"For instance, sponsoring five crocodiles cost around Rs 36,000 every month. We have a clear estimate on how much will be the expense for each animal. People can be allowed to sponsor an animal for a year, month or even some days. The name of the sponsor will be displayed outside cage of the animals,\" he said.Animal activists feel that many people will come forward to sponsor animals. \"There are many animal lovers in the city who will be will be happy to be involved in this,\" says Deepak.Coimbatore corporation commissioner T K Ponnusamy said he will study the proposal. \"I will study the proposal and give a detailed reply,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12214834", "title": "Rs 64 lakh foreign offer crowns IIFT placements this year", "text": "NEW DELHI: Job offers from international companies are flooding Indian Institute of Foreign Trade (IIFT) as the B-school got 100% placements for this year's batch of 204.The highest international offer was for Rs 64 lakh per annum while the institute also saw better job offers from domestic companies. The talent acquisition programme saw companies from Singapore, Switzerland, Germany, Dubai, Vietnam, Myanmar and Africa coming to IIFT campus. Only one student opted out of the placement process.In all 15 students received international offers. The highest offer was made by an agro-commodity trading company. On the domestic front, the placements have been better than last year with the highest salary at Rs 19 lakh, up from Rs 15 lakh in 2011. The average overall salary too improved from Rs 11.62 lakh in 2011 to Rs 12.1 lakh this year.While the banking and finance sector continued its dominance on the campus for the third consecutive year, trading, supply-chain, operations and logistics are the other favourites this time around. Munish Bhargava, IIFT corporate and placement advisor, said, \"Many global majors are offering jobs to our students. In all students accepted offers from across 80 organizations as against 76 last year. It is heartening to see the growing confidence that recruiters not only from India but also from Middle East, south-east Asia, Europe and North America have in our students.\" There are 33 first-time recruiters such as Duferco Group, Stemcor, German logistics giant Duegro, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12214636", "title": "3 doctors convicted for violating anti-sex determination law", "text": "MUMBAI: Three doctors on Friday were convicted by a magistrate for failing to maintain proper F-form records.Dr Varsha Kasturkar (gynaecologist), Dr Aruna Gavde (MBBS) and Dr Dinkar Mule (gynaecologist), practising in Kallam taluka of Osmanabad district in Marathwada region, have been convicted for violating the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act. Yunus Kharad, JMFC of Kallam taluka, sentenced the three doctors to a one-month rigorous imprisonment and imposed a fine of Rs 5,000 on each for not having proper recordsof their patients. The case against these doctors was registered in June 2011.The PCPNDT (Regulation and Prevention of Misuse, Amendment) Act 2003 was introduced to prevent unscrupulous use of ultrasonography scans to determine the sex of the unborn child. Form F is considered an important tool of the Act because it has every scan's details.Dr Ashok Thorat, medical superintendent of the rural hospital in Kallam, stated that during the 'save the girl child campaign', the department found that these three doctors had failed to maintain proper records of the patients.\"A case was registered against the erring doctors. The court too found these doctors guilty and subsequently directed to send these doctors for one month rigorous imprisonment and to fine them Rs 5,000,\" Thorat said. \"The department will even recommend to Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) to cancel the registration of these doctors,\" Thorat added.According to Mantralaya officials, this is the first conviction of a doctor under the PCPNDT Act this year. Last year, of the 314 cases which had been pending for several years, 78 were finalized, and there was conviction in 32 cases. Public health minister Suresh Shetty said, \"Such verdicts from the judiciary against erring doctors will work as deterrent for those who are involved in illegal sex determination.\"However, Jignesh Thakker, general secretary, Indian Radiological and Imaging Association, differed on this point. \"Not filling the F form is an offence. Stern action should be initiated against the doctors who do not comply with the norms. But having incomplete F forms merely cannot be the parameter to decide whether he/she (the doctor) is involved in illegal sex determination.\"Last year, following reports of the declining sex ratio in the state and cases of two female foetuses being found in Nulla in Beed district of Marathwada region, Shetty had directed his officials to crack down on sonography and abortion centres in the state, especially in districts having poor child sex ratio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "12214707", "title": "Sena may get BSP support", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: After wresting power in the Mumbai and Thane civic bodies, the saffron alliance plans to dominate the Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation (UMC) with the help of the BSP and is wooing two corporators from the party.Sena has got in touch with one out of two BSP corporators, which is in an alliance with the Secular Alliance of India (SAI), say sources. The saffron combine's tally has touched 38 after some Independents agreed to extend support. Currently, the Sena-BJP-RPI combine needs two seats to procure a simple majority in the House. The NCP, which has emerged as the single largest party after bagging 22 seats, is also wooing the SAI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12216691", "title": "Railways develops software for central monitoring of its projects", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Railways will implement the system of central monitoring of its ongoing projects. With the click of button, all information regarding the concerned projects will be available to the railway officers. In this connection, railway has developed a software christened IRPSM (Indian Railways Project Sanction and Management). Through the implementation of the system, huge quantities of paper would also be saved.IRPSM is a simple and user friendly programme which will revolutionise the way the railway officers deal with work programme. Through the system, a monitoring platform has been created for Indian Rrailways and now all the general managers can easily monitor the works and investments.IRPSM is quite useful programme for sanction and monitoring of all works sanctioned by Board, GM. or DRM. IRPSM has been sanctioned for various uses and modules -- estimation, tendering process, contract management, review and management of works, work register, completion report, budgeting process including August review, passenger amenities booklet and other related information for speedily processing and decision making on IR system.As per rough estimates, through the use of this software, According to an estimate, about 25MT (Metric Tonnes) to 30 MT of paper would be saved in one year.In this connection, Indian Railways also conducted brainstorming sessions, workshops and disseminated the programme. Instructions have been issued that the staff should be encouraged to feed quality information and get benefited from this system.IRPSM has been developed for processing the sanctions at all levels and works programme and also subsequent management of the sanctioned projects, which can be effectively made use of. The remarks, views and information, as available in the system and furnished by various officials, enable all concerned objectively analyse and take faster and better decision.Railway officials have been instructed that they should continue the exercise of monthly review of works using updated information as available on the IRPSM. The deletion/closure of works, which are no longer required, should also be a continuous process and information available should be used as meaningful managerial tool for expeditious completion of works.The general manager of zonal railways have been instructed that monthly status of all works-in-progress is updated by 7th of every month by the executing agencies and the concerned Plan head Co-ordinators along with the confirmation of the same by the principal chief engineer on IRPSM, All the concerned should strictly monitor the physical and fiscal targets with the focus on priority works.Chief public relations officer of North Central Railway Sandeep Mathur said the software has various benefits as the progress of various projects would be monitored online and the requirement of paper has also been minimized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216114", "title": "Finally, NCC gets a home in city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Finally, a National Cadets Corps (NCC) complex will come up in city to impart training to cadets as the Chandigarh administration has allotted two acres of land in Sector 31 for the purpose. The Chandigarh-based units of NCC having cadet strength of around 4,000 was struggling for a permanent accommodation for the past many years.Confirming the development, Group Commander NCC Chandigarh, Col Dharamender Gupta, said they have received the allotment letter providing around two acres land on which administration would develop the complex for them. Colonel Gupta added that in addition to the complex, administration has also agreed to provide adjoining chunk of land for the training purposes.Local units of NCC comprises of around 90 ministerial staff, 11 officers and 50 other rank of the forces that are deployed to train cadets of Naval, Army and Air wings studying in various school/colleges of city. The issue of land was hanging fire for several years for the local NCC, which is among the top directorates in the country for sending maximum numbers of cadets in the armed forces. At present, NCC was running its operations from Sector 26-based hostel of Chandigarh College of Engineering and Technology.In 2002-03, NCC was allotted 4.5 acre of land, which was later reduced to 2.5 acre, for the construction of NCC Nagar at Sector 49 to enable the NCC to impart advanced training to cadets in a holistic manner at one location. The NCC Nagar was to be completed by 2007, but the proposal was learnt to have dropped due to financial crunch by the UT administration.The then UT administrator Gen (retd) S F Rodrigues, at the fag end of his tenure, had asked the NCC authorities to shift to Sector 31 but the NCC authorities were yet to receive the allotment letter. However, the issue was sorted out in September 2011 after a meeting of NCC officials with UT administrator.At one point in time, the UT officials had not only asked the NCC authorities to vacate the existing premises at Sector 26 but had also gone to the extent of asking them to shift in tents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack", "code": "12216587", "title": "Crime Branch rules out rape of Pipili girl", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK: The 19-year-old dalit girl from Pipili, in coma since November 29, is a victim of attempt to murder but there was no evidence of rape, the Crime Branch (CB) of Odisha police told a court on Saturday. The investigating agency, in its 448-page chargesheet and enclosures submitted to the judicial magistrate (first class), Pipili, named Prashant Pradhan alias Pasia and his brother Sukanta Pradhan alias Abua as the accused in the case and booked them under sections 341 (wrongful restraint), 354 (outraging modesty), 307 (attempt to murder), 506 (intimidation), 34 (common intention) of IPC read with 3(1) (x), 3(1) (xi), 3(2) (v) of SC and ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989. The chargesheet was filed citing 67 witnesses, including 'experts' and doctors.The chargesheet could give a new turn to the case, which forced Pipili MLA Pradeep Maharathy to quit as agriculture minister on January 19 following allegation that he shielded the accused.Admitting it faced a challenge as the comatose victim was unable to record her statement, the CB said the \"allegation of rape could not be substantiated\" and cited some points to back its version. It said apart from the allegation in the FIR, there was no evidence of rape. When the victim was found on the roadside, her salwar was neatly folded, indicating she herself took it out for attending the call of nature. In his testimony before the investigating officer and during lie detection test, Prashant admitted to strangulation and attempt to murder but not to rape or attempt to rape, it added. \"Medico-legal examination by medical board of AIIMS ruled out gang rape,\" the crime branch said, adding, \"Chemical examination of victim's garments did not find semen stains.\"The CB said though the January 9, 2012, FIR mentioned rape in the heading, there was no mention about it in the body of the FIR. An earlier report of the complainant (received in the police station on November 30, 2011, but not treated as FIR) mentioned the incident but did not allege rape. The place of occurrence has clear visibility from different sides with virtually no trees, it said, adding, the time of occurrence (most probably 7 am to 7:30 am) means some people were in the vicinity in crop fields.The CB said Prashant was friendly with the victim and had \"developed a feeling of intimacy for her\". \"Few months prior to the incident Prashant came under the impression that the victim had become friendly with other young persons and was avoiding his company. Accordingly, he developed a sense of betrayal. Because of this Prashant decided to kill her. He confided this to one of his associates,\" the CB said in a press release.The CB said Prashant used the victim's dupatta to strangulate her. \"He used the dupatta to encircle her neck and lifted her body, creating the effects of strangulation and hanging,\" it added.Prashant, according to the chargesheet, ran away thinking the girl was dead. \"Prashant absconded from the village the same day. He kept in touch with his close friend to monitor police action. When no police action was forthcoming, he returned to his village after a week of the incident,\" it said. Sukanta had no direct role in physically attacking the victim but had threatened the girl's family in the past, it added.Guna Chandra Swain and Premananda Nayak, both of whom were also arrested along with Prashant and Sukanta in January following public outcry over the alleged incident, had no role in the November 29 incident. However, there was evidence of these two threatening the girl's family in connection with a 2008 molestation case, in which they were chargesheeted and the victim was a witness. Hence, Swain and Nayak were booked in a separate case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12215415", "title": "Minister to KSRTC, water transport department : Resume all services", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Transport minister V S Sivakumar said 20 more buses will be allotted to KSRTC depots in Alappuzha to combat the service shortage in the district. The minister also attended a review meeting of the transport department on Saturday.\"KSRTC will set up two bus terminals-cum-shopping complexes at Alappuzha and Kayamkulam. The government will allot more boats to state water transport department (SWTD) to augment transport facilities in the water-locked regions of the district. SWTD's 14 offices will be computerized soon for the smooth functioning of the department. SWTD will also set up dry dock facilities and floating workshops in Alappuzha. The government has sanctioned Rs 6 crore for this venture,'' the minister said.MLAs, who attended the meeting, alleged that KSRTC and SWTD cancelled many services without giving any reason and people were inconvenienced. Following this, the minister directed KSRTC and SWTD officials to resume all services. The minister warned that action will be taken against officials if they cancel services without proper reason.The minister asked KSRTC officials to speed up their bus repair works. KSRTC's chairman and managing director will take immediate action to sort out commuter problems of Mannancherry. SWTD director Shaji V Nair, KSRTC CMD K G Mohanlal, MLAs C K Sadasivan, G Sudhakaran, A M Arif and additional district magistrate (ADM) K P Thampi also attended the meeting.Alappuzha: Transport minister V S Sivakumar said that 20 more buses will be allotted to Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) depots in Alappuzha to combat the service shortage in the district. The minister was chairing a review meeting of transport department at colllectorate conference hall here on Saturday.The KSRTC will set up two bus terminals cum shopping complexes at Alappuzha and Kayamkulam depots. The government has also decided to allot more boats to State Water Transport Department (SWTD) for ensuring better transport facilities in water logged regions in the district. The 14 offices of the SWTD will be computerised soon for the smooth functioning of the department. The SWTD will also set up dry dock facility and floating workshops in Alappuzha for repairing its boats. The government has sanctioned Rs 6 crore for setting up the dry dock at Alappuzha,'' the minister said.The MLAs, who attended the meeting, alleged that KSRTC and SWTD cancelled many transport services without any reasons and people are facing problems owing to this. Following this, the minister directed the KSRTC and SWTD officials here to resume all their services which will be useful to the passengers. The minister said that action will be taken against the officials of both the departments if they cancel their services which are useful for the public.The minister also directed the KSRTC officials to speed up the repair works of its buses and use such buses for resuming the cancelled services soon in the district. KSRTC's chairman and managing director has been entrusted to take immediate action for sorting out the problems of the commuters at Mannancherry.The minister also called at Alappuzha KSRTC bus station and boat jetty after the meeting. SWTD director Shaji V Nair, KSRTC CMD K G Mohanlal, MLAs C K Sadasivan, G Sudhakaran, A M Ariff and additional district magistrate (ADM) K P Thampi also attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12216343", "title": "There\u2019s great hunger for debate on ethics, justice", "text": "If political philosophers could be rock stars, Harvard professor Michael J Sandel would be one. His course on justice is so engaging that students are often turned away for lack of space in his classroom. It's the first course of the university to be put online and made into a TV series, which will be aired in India too. Sandel tells Shobha John that democracy, with all its faults, is worth it because it makes us better citizensWhat motivated you to take up a subject like justice?The choices we face, in public, in our personal lives, often raise hard ethical but fascinating questions. For example: is inequality of income and wealth unjust? What role should markets play in a just society ? What do we owe one another as citizens ? It also discusses ethical questions of everyday life: Is lying ever justified? What about lying to protect a friend, a family member? Out of the justice course was conceptualized my latest book, Justice: What's the Right Thing to Do?How beneficial is the affirmative action policy of governments? Recently, a tribal boy in India committed suicide at Delhi's AIIMS as he couldn't cope with studies. Shouldn't affirmative action begin from kindergarten so that integration is stronger?There are two arguments in favour of affirmative action -- that it increases opportunity for those disadvantaged in the past and that diversity can serve the common good. In higher education , for example, it broadens classroom discussions. But you raise an important worry: neither goal is served if these students are unable to succeed in the course. And, as you suggest , the best way of remedying disadvantage is to begin early, so that these students can be helped throughout their educational careers.You say that greed is a vice. But why should individual and collective greed in politics be seen differently?Greed is a vice in both areas. But its effect can be especially damaging in politics . Greed in public life often issues in corruption, which is not only unjust, but can erode the trust on which democratic governance depends. We've also seen with the financial crisis of 2008 how greed can have dire consequences for the world economy.Is it right for governments to use taxpayers' money to bail out badly managed companies as in the 2008 collapse and as is happening in India today?It varies from case to case. The injustice of the taxpayer bailout of big banks and Wall Street firms is that the banks were allowed to privatize the profits when times were good, but socialize the loses when their reckless behaviour brought matters to the edge of collapse. Defenders argue that avoiding the dire consequences of such a collapse made the bailout necessary, despite its injustice. So questions of justice and economic necessity may point in opposite directions. The case for bailing out a particular industry is stronger when many jobs are at stake, and when it's part of a realistic long-term plan for recovery. But it's important that the taxpayers have a voice in how the company is run, and be entitled to a share of future earnings.Your book mentions Aristotle, for whom the purpose of politics is to form good citizens. Was Aristotle being utopian?Aristotle argued that the purpose of politics is the common good and cultivation of civic virtue. I don't think this is a utopian ideal. True, no society lives up to it fully. Politics is often the pursuit of self-interest and individual advantage. But Aristotle reminds us that political community, at its best, is about something higher - higher than corruption, of course, but also higher than consumerism and material gain. Democracy is worth striving for, not because it gives us what we want, but because it makes us better citizens, and reminds us of our obligation to make the world a better place.What's your next book about?What Money Can't Buy: The Moral Limits of Markets will be published in 2012. While markets generate economic growth, should everything be up for sale? We don't allow markets in children. Or in votes. Why not? It deals with ethical dilemmas when markets reach into spheres traditionally governed by non-market values - family, friendship, sex and procreation, health, education, citizenship. I ask whether there are certain moral and civic goods that money shouldn't be able to buy.Is it true that you dream of a video linked global classroom?Yes, the idea grew out of the global response the Justice book got. I've been astonished by the reaction, especially in Japan, China and Brazil. There seems to be a great hunger for serious public debate about ethics , justice, and the common good. Already, my Harvard students are connected with those in Tokyo and Shanghai through videolinked sessions. I would love to beable to do something similar in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12215601", "title": "City water plant in a sorry state", "text": "GURGAON: The Basai water treatment plant that supplies water to the entire city has been found to be functioning in unhygienic conditions.A surprise inspection carried out recently by HUDA officials found that one section of the plant was not working; water beds have developed cracks; and security guards were doubling up as machine operators.The HUDA officials also found that the plant's boundary wall is damaged and the main structure doesn't have firefighting equipment. The team found that a clean water tank was overflowing and raw water tanks had not been cleaned for several months. The plant has a capacity of 40MGD, which is supplied to the city. \"One section of the plant was not functioning at all while the others were in a shabby condition. In a clear sign of lack of hygiene, there is mud at the bottom of the tanks,\" said a HUDA official, who was part of the inspection team.The HUDA team also found a device in the sterling tank in which chlorine is mixed for cleaning the water. \"This device has not been working for the past six months and the entire process of mixing the chlorine and other things used for cleaning water is at standstill,\" said the official.The team also found out that there is lax security on the plant premises and residents from Basai village were doing yoga on the plant grounds. \"It was shocking to see that the plant ground is free for all. These people were doing yoga and there was no one to stop them. It was found that the security personnel do maintenance at the plant which is unacceptable,\" said the HUDA official.The HUDA team found that the maintenance and operation work has been given to three contractors including one who supplies chemicals like chlorine for treatment of water. At the time of inspection there were only three people at the plant. The maintenance bill of the plant runs into lakhs of rupees. The HUDA team is preparing a detailed inspection report of the plant for the HUDA administrator for further action against the contractors and the HUDA officials who are in charge of the plant.Meanwhile, Gurgaonites are not surprised to know about the shoddy condition of the water plant. \"The residents will have to use RO plant for cleaning the water for the simple reason the water being supplied by the HUDA water line has problems,\" said Amit Arora , a resident of old Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12215759", "title": "Bhopal student killed by friends in Patna", "text": "PATNA: A third-year engineering student of the Corporate Institute of Science and Technology, Bhopal, Simant Kumar (22), was beaten to death by some of his friends here on Thursday.Simant had come from Bhopal on February 28. After doing his 10+2 from May Flower School here, he had taken admission in the Bhopal institute, where he was a student of Electrical and Electronic engineering, according to his uncle.The deceased's father, Mithilesh Kumar Singh, is a botany teacher in JTA College, Mohiuddinagar, in Samastipur district while his uncle Dilip Kumar Singh is a mathematics teacher at SNS College, Hajipur, in Vaishali district.\"On March 8 at around 6pm, two of his local friends, who were his seniors in school and were preparing for competitive examinations, reached our house and Simant left with them,\" said Dilip and added that at around 9.30pm a local informed them that Simant was being assaulted by his friends.\"I found Simant lying on the staircase of the house belonging to one Indal Sah, an employee in Patna Passport office, with blood oozing from his head,\" he said and added that he found injury marks on Simant's entire body.Dilip said he took Simant to PMCH where the attending doctors declared him brought dead. A complaint was lodged at the Rajiv Nagar police station against Indal Sah, his two sons Dharmendra Sah and Pintoo Sah, and his nephew Rajesh.DSP L M Sharma said three persons-Indal, Dharmendra, and Pintoo-were arrested in this connection on Thursday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12216605", "title": "Bonhams to sell shotgun of Prince Duleep Singh", "text": "LONDON: Leading auction house Bonhams' sporting gun sale next month would include a weapon with a remarkable history -- it was made for a young Indian prince of 19{+t}{+h} century, a godson of Queen Victoria, whose father lost his kingdom in Punjab.The unusual 12-bore hammer gun by J Purdey &amp; Sons, made for Prince Duleep Singh, is estimated to sell for 2,000 pounds to 3,000 pounds at Bonhams.The makers have confirmed that the gun was completed as one of a pair of guns for Prince Duleep Singh. The gun appears to have been purchased for the prince when he was 15 years old, and as such may well have been one of his earliest guns.The eldest son of Maharajah Ranjit Singh, the last ruler of Punjab, and godson of Queen Victoria, Prince Victor Albert Jay Duleep Singh (1866-1918), was born in England and baptised in the private chapel at Windsor.The prince spent most of his life shooting and gambling. The family estate of Elveden, in Norfolk, having played host to many shooting parties and some of the best shots of the day, was sold to the 1st Earl of Iveagh in 1894 after the death of Prince Victor's father.It remains in the possession of the Guinness family to this day.Raised on his father's estate at Elveden in Norfolk, he was educated at Eton and Trinity College , Cambridge, before attending Sandhurst under a special cadetship in 1887 after the personal intervention of his godmother (Indians normally being disqualified from attending).He was commissioned as a lieutenant in the 1st (Royal) Dragoons, and by 1889 he was based at Halifax, Nova Scotia as honorary aide-de-camp to General Sir John Ross , then commander of forces in British North America.In 1894, the same year he was promoted to captain, he married Lady Anne Coventry, the youngest daughter of the 9th Earl of Coventry and whom he had first met while at Cambridge.The marriage was made possible through the intervention of Prince of Wales and the wedding at St Peter's Church in Eaton Square was attended by Queen Victoria herself.In the later part of his life, much of his time was spent with George Herbert , 5th Earl of Carnarvon, a lifelong friend, whom he had first met at Eton and who shared his love for shooting and gambling.Prince Victor was declared bankrupt in 1902 through a combination of bad investments and gambling, and spent the rest of his life in exile in Paris , remaining there throughout the First World War.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12215306", "title": "5 chains snatched despite strict security in place", "text": "PUNE: Five incidents of chain-snatching took place on Saturday even as the police had stepped up security in the city on the occasion of Shiv jayanti. With this, the total number of chain-snatching incidents in the city has reached to 82 between January 1 and March 10.One of the victims in the five cases was threatened with a knife by two motorcycle-borne assailants. Total property stolen in all the cases amounts to Rs 1.71 lakh.In the first incident, Pramila Devendra Khot (63) of Senapati Bapat Road has registered a complaint with the Chatushrungi police station stating that two persons travelling on a motorcycle snatched her gold mangalsutra worth Rs 45,000 near Arun society in the same area at 11.20 am.In the second incident, Nirmala Rajmal Oswal (60) of Mukundnagar has registered a complaint with Swargate police stating that two people travelling on a motorcycle snatched her gold mangalsutra worth Rs 40,000 while she was walking on the road leading to Shiv Shankar hall in the same area at 1.10 pm.In the third incident, Shobha Sambhaji Walke (55) of Karvenagar has registered a complaint with the Vishrambaugh police station stating that two unidentified people travelling on a motorcycle snatched part of her gold chain worth Rs 45,000 minutes after she had alighted from the PMPML bus at Kabirbaug Road in Narayan Peth at 3.45 pm.In the fourth case, Amisha Bhagwan Gujrathi (62) of Wanowrie has registered a complaint with the Wanowrie police stating that two people travelling on a motorcycle and one of them armed with a knife snatched her two chains worth Rs 40,000 after threatening her with dire consequences while she was walking near Wanowrie crematorium at 4.10 pm.In another case, a woman whose chain was snatched in the Sahakarnagar police station limits had refused to register a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12214874", "title": "Streets well lit, garbage dumps still eyesore", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unlike other corporators, Inderpreet Singh got little time to carry out development work in his ward. He got elected in 2010 following the death of his father, sitting GTB Nagar councilor Surjeet Singh. But like his father, Inderpreet, too, has spent the entire councillor's funds.The cemented roads in residential areas, well-maintained parks, adequate streetlights and pavements are proofs of the Rs 3.69 crore spent on the development of the area. Residents say the incidents of theft have come down considerably after the BJP councillor got streetlights installed in the ward in the past one-and-a-half years. \"Earlier, most parts of the ward were poorly lit. We used to dread the idea of walking late at night even within the colony. But with installation of streetlights, the area has become safe,\" said Kapil Nath, a resident.But sanitation is a problem in this ward, too, with overflowing garbage dumps being a common site. The dump near the Vijay Nagar double-storey residential colony is always overflowing, say residents. \"The trucks rarely come here to collect the garbage. As the dhalo is located on the main road, almost half of the carriageway is blocked with garbage lying on it,\" said Krishan Pal, a local florist.Singh blames the private concessionaire for not collecting garbage regularly. \"I have got several challans issued against the private concessionaire. But the situation has not improved much. But I have streamlined the door-to-door collection of garbage,\" he said.The councillor, however, did not get any sanitation project sanctioned to utilize the Rs 10 lakh funds for sanitation in 2011-12. But Singh calls MCD records wrong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12216683", "title": "Samajwadi Party hails Akhilesh's selection as UP CM", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Samajwadi Party workers burst into celebrations here as the news of Akhliesh Yadav's selection for the next UP chief minister came in.Party workers celebrated the occasion by distributing sweets and sprinkling gulal. A meeting of party workers was held on Saturday where district president Pandhari Yadav hailed the election of Akhilesh as leader by SP parliamentary board.Stating that his election would give a new fillip to youth in the state, Yadav said the party will try to fulfill the aspirations of all sections of society and complete works promised in the party election manifesto.He urged party workers to exercise restraint and maintain discipline in order to prepare themselves for 2014 Lok Sabha elections in order to install SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav as the next prime minister.Earlier, party workers led by Abhishek Yadav took out a procession from Subhash Crossing and raised slogans in favour of Samajwadi Party and the chief minister-designate.District president of Samajwadi Party? Chatra Sabha, Akhilesh Gupta said people from all sections of the society are elated at the appointment of Akhilesh Yadav as next UP CM because this would usher a new ray of hope for people in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216621", "title": "Sub-inspector's son not allowed to perform last rites", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The 13-year-old son of former Ranji player and sub-inspector (SI) Vishal Sharma, was not allowed to perform the last rites of his father on Saturday.The father of the cop, Dr Dharampal Sharma, refused to allow Neetu Sharma, wife of deceased, to attend the last rites of his son. Dr Dharampal, a retired doctor in Jammu, lit the pyre himself and leveled serious allegations against the mother-in-law and widow of his son. He alleged that Vishal was being harassed for a long time and his wife Neetu had left him along with children a fortnight back without any valid reason.Ashu arrived at the cremation ground along with his mother Neetu Sharma and a nine-year-old sister. Inspector Geeta Devi, maternal grandmother of the child, also accompanied them. Chandigarh police have decided to probe the circumstances under which SI Sharma died in his house on Saturday. SHO of PS 36, Sukhbir Rana, said, We are not considering it a case of suicide and will investigate the circumstances under which Vishal Sharma was found dead.Meanwhile, high drama was witnessed at GMSH-16, where the postmortem examination of Sharma was being conducted. Dr Dharampal, who was present at the time of postmortem examination, started leveling allegations against the wife and mother-in-law of his deceased son. Deceased was only son of his parents and brother of his three sisters.The decomposed body of SI Sharma was found at his official residence in Sector 42 on March 9. Sharma played for Ranji trophy seven times from the cricket team of J&K; and joined Chandigarh police in 1995.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12215533", "title": "Ice bar industry melts due to power crisis", "text": "TRICHY: Ice bar manufacturing is yet another industry that faces sharp decline in growth owing to the electricity crisis and in particular, the power holiday in Trichy, Nagapattinam and Thanjavur. As a consequence of the delay in supply, fish vendors have also come in for a shortfall in business.In Tamil Nadu , about 300 ice bar manufacturing plants have been hit hard by the unscheduled power interruption for the past few years. Adding to their woes, the state government recently forced them to declare power holiday once a week. The announcement came as another blow, said M Venkatesan, secretary of the Nagappattinam Ice Manufacturers Association.The ice plants have been relying on uninterrupted power supply as the process to manufacture a 50-kg ice bar will take 24 hours. However, the timing of the power interruption touched an all-time high of 10 hours per day. As it was not scheduled, they could not plan according to the timing, he said.Venkatesan said even if power came, the machine took 4 to 5 hours to restart. So, they could not complete the process of ice bar making. This resulted in a decline in production. As far as Nagappattinam was concerned, fish vendors so far got ice bars as over 25 ice plants were functioning before declaring power holiday. Moreover, it was a difficult task to manufacture ice bars from salt water, which only was available in Nagappattinam district.However, the production of ice bars will be affected in the of the power holiday once a week. Supply will also be decreased to fish vendors, he said.The state government has, however, exempt milk chilling and cold storage businesses from a power holiday, considering their losses. But they have not taken the problems of ice plants into account. The government should consider their plea to exempt them from declaring power holiday, Venkatesan said.Lamenting the power crisis, K Manoharan, proprietor of Lakshmi Ice Company in Thanjavur, said they have to spend huge money on diesel generators and it cannot be affordable to small companies. If they used gensets, the product cost will go up and will ultimately affect end users.Both the previous and present state governments promised subsidy on generators for commercial purpose, but both backtracked on the promise,\" he said.R Sridhar, proprietor of Star Ice Company in Trichy, said besides the decline in manufacture, machines were damaged due to sudden interruptions in power supply. Hence, repair costs of machines had also increased. Ice plants can earn profits in only three months from March to May. But they had lost hope because of the power crisis.N Rajagopal, a fish vendor in Puthur fish market in Trichy, said they were supposed to get ice bars by paying more to preserve fish for at least two days. If they don't get enough ice bars, they will sell fish at half the rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12224107", "title": "Pilgrim ends life", "text": "VARANASI: V Babu Reddy (49), a pilgrim from Vellor in Andhra Pradesh , was found hanging inside the room of a guest house in Saraswati Phatak area under Chowk police station on Sunday.According to reports, Reddy had arrived in the city on March 7 and stayed at a guesthouse in Saraswati Phatak area. On Sunday he had to return home. But when he did not open the doors of his room, the guesthouse staff broke the door open. They found Reddy's body was hanging with a belt while his feet were touching the floor.On receiving information of the incident, police reached the incident site. Police also recovered a suicide note from his room in which he had mentioned that he had come on the invitation of Lord Vishwanath and nobody was responsible for his death. Police sent the body for postmortem and also informed the matter to his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12215703", "title": "BJP demands investigation into NRHM 'scam'", "text": "JAIPUR: BJP national secretary Kirit Somaiya on Saturday questioned the motives of Gehlot-government for not ordering an investigation into the alleged financial irregularities in the national rural health mission's (NRHM) programmes executed in Rajasthan.The BJP leader said his party has demanded a special audit of the NRHM programmes by the office of the comptroller and auditor general of India, separate investigations by the central vigilance commission and, if need be, would approach the Rajasthan high court for intervention.Somaiya reiterated his allegations that the NRHM \"scam\" was being swept under the carpet by the Central and the Congress-led state governments, as children of four influential Congress leaders were the beneficiaries of the financial irregularities in the NRHM. The BJP national leader primarily accused Union home minister P Chidambaram and Overseas Indian Affairs minister Valayar Ravi of using their influences in benefitting their sons through a private company Ziqitza Health Care Ltd that has been awarded contracts of the NHRM programmes.\"Another Congress leader Saffi Mather (Kerala) is the right hand man of AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi , and has 10% equity in Ziqitza. He has made crores of rupees in the scam,\" Somaiya alleged at a press conference at the BJP headquarters here on Saturday.Distributing official documents in support of his allegations, Somaiya also named one Sweta Mangal, daughter of a Congress leader, in the \"scam\". Chidambaram's son Karthi and Valayar's son Ravi Krishna were also named.\"Neither the Union ministers and Congress leaders nor their children have till date denied their involvement in the scam,\" Somaiya asserted. He alleged that the four children of Congress leaders were directors of the Ziqitza Health Care Ltd, which came into existence in 2002 and had just 12 ambulances in Mumbai till 2007. \"This company suddenly is worth Rs 23 crore and got 1,068 ambulances in 2010,\" Somaiya said, adding that this became possible after the private company sold its 97% equity to the multinational companies, the US Ambulance Services and the London Ambulance Services.The BJP leaders alleged that the private company was initially awarded small government contracts under influence from the four Congress leaders. Somaiya alleged that there was no transparency in awarding the contracts to the company, which earned profits scandalously through fake bills and bogus trips of ambulances\"But our major concern now is national security. These foreign companies have ultra-modern medical gadgets that can also be used for spying. Since their ambulances are free to move anywhere in the country and in Rajasthan, they specially go close to the international border with Pakistan , there is serious national security threat also in the scam,\" Somaiya alleged. \"Why is the Rajasthan government still not ordering an investigation into the scam?\" the BJP leader said. The issue was raised in the state assembly also recently by BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12215204", "title": "Samajwadi Party goons attack cops for trying to do their job", "text": "LUCKNOW: Supporters of Samajwadi Party MLA Ashutosh Maurya allegedly attacked cops for daring to tow his vehicle after it hit a police constable's motorcycle and critically wounded him at Gulshaheed in Moradadad on Saturday.Reports said the MLA's wife, Sushma, was travelling in the car when it hit a constable's motorcycle from behind. The cops were attacked when they reached the site to shift the injured cop to the hospital.They said the MLA's supporters attacked the cops when they asked the driver of his Qualis, Sunil, to bring the vehicle to a nearby police station.Later, additional force was sent and the cops finally managed to bring the vehicle to the police station. The MLA later came to the police station to settle the issue. His vehicle was seized and a case of negligent driving was lodged against the driver. No action was taken against the MLA's supporters.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12215867", "title": "Summer special trains to clear rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to clear the extra rush of passengers, the railways will run summer special trains in April and July. Three trains which have been announced are Dibrugarh-Chandigarh weekly special (trains 05903/05904), Delhi-Darbhanga bi-weekly special (trains 04022/04021) and Guwahati-Lucknow Junction weekly special (trains 05639/05640).Trains 05639/05640 will run from Guwahati on every Thursday and from Lucknow Junction on every Friday. The trains will run from April 5 to June 29.Another pair of special trains, 05903/05904, will run from April 6 to July 1. The summer special trains, 04022/04021, will run from April 2 to June 26. They will run from Delhi every Monday and Friday and from Darbhanga every Tuesday and Saturday. The trains will move via Ghaziabad, Moradabad, Bareilly, Gonda, Basti, Gorakhpur Junction, Chhapra, Sonpur, Hajipur, Muzaffarpur and Samastipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12216435", "title": "New queens of porn", "text": "Erotic Fiction's Steamy Renaissance Is Being Powered By Women AuthorsMy first thought when I embarked on this project was: do women write porn? The answer is, of course, yes. And more of them than ever, I discovered - as the erotic fiction industry has, in the past couple of decades, moved from being driven by men writing under female pseudonyms to a dominance by women authors. I was intrigued: who are these women? The women who make a living from writing 'zombie porn' , male-on-male graphic sex scenes and vampire-werewolf love triangles?I found my answers. Mostly they describe themselves as shy, introverted woman with a love of reading and writing. They could be your mother, sister or girlfriend, the woman sitting next to you at church on a Sunday...'It's a myth that erotica authors must have done everything we write about'Rebecca Bond 28, executive assistantThe first story I had published was for an anthology called Uniform Behaviour. At the time I was working in policing. Yes, my colleagues probably did think I'd been fantasising about them but it's a common myth that, as writers of this genre, we must have done everything we write about. But it is absolutely not the case; that's the power of imagination.I'm a very emotion-fuelled writer; I studied forensic psychology , which I think is an influence.For example, that first story was about a female NYPD cop and the criminal she was chasing; when she eventually captures him they end up doing the deed down an alleyway and there's a switch in the power.There is a 'Mr Bond' , yes. My fiance is very supportive and it hasn't had any impact on our relationship . Sometimes I do smile at the irony of having been up till the early hours finishing a story - and then getting into bed next to him, too tired to do anything...From 'Sin City' , published in the e-book anthology 'Uniform Behaviour'\"You like that Officer?\" he chuckled . \"Mmmmmm, yes sir... \" I began before my words were swallowed by a kiss. Sir? When did I become so subservient? His lips appeared brutal and punishing but were sweet and spongy against my own. I felt consumed, overpowered and perhaps most significantly, I felt controlled, my body waiting and eager.'I'm also a Christian - recently I had to tell the vicar about my erotic stories'Victoria Blisse 33, full-time motherWhen people ask how I started I blame my husband Kev; I had an erotic dream that would not leave me alone; so he told me to write it down, and then to post it online, at literotica.com.I'm also a Christian - there are a surprisingly large number of us in erotica writing. I believe sex is a Godgiven gift. I had, however, kept them separate for a long while, afraid of what people at church might think. Recently, though, I had to 'come out' to my vicar. I'd accidentally sent him an e-mail , leaving my author sign-off (\" rosy, raunchy romance\" ) and website . As he explained that he'd looked at my work, my mind raced: had he read one of my threesome stories, one about spanking or vampires? When I argued that I saw no conflict between my writing and spiritual life, I was impressed with his measured response.From 'Stopping Point' , published by Total-E-BoundHer ample breasts swung free in the crisp night air. They seemed to glow in the last pink of daylight with an ethereal paleness ... It was like no orgasm he'd experienced before... He felt as if a river of ice was sparkling in his veins and he felt invincible , then he realised that, in a, way he was. He was a vampire now.'I can live out all kinds of fantasies with the characters I create'Elizabeth Coldwell 47, editor/authorWhat really changed things was the arrival of For Women magazine and the Black Lace imprint in the early Nineties, both of which proved women had an appetite for consuming and producing erotic material.As time's gone on, I've found myself writing more and more in the male/male genre, which I really enjoy . That's one of the themes which has exploded in popularity in recent years, along with menage fiction (either two straight men in a relationship with a woman or two gay men in a relationship with each other and a woman). Paranormal fiction is also huge, even though people keep predicting there's a limit to the number of vampire/werewolf love triangles readers will be interested in. The most unusual story I've written was for an anthology of zombie romance fiction, and it involved a woman trying to choose between her current lover and her old flame, who'd just returned from the dead. Making a storyline like that not come across as icky is a challenge.From 'Everyone I Love is Dead' , from the anthology 'Hungry For Your Love' published by St Martin's PressI dropped a gentle kiss on his forehead . \"The strangest thing happened today,\" I said. \"Mark came in for a coffee.\" Brody looked at me, startled. \"Mark? You mean he's ... ?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12215257", "title": "Mother of 2 braves all odds", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Monica Solanki, 24, has taken the boldest decision of her life - she has wielded the pen and is writing her SSC exams after her parents made her drop out of school a decade ago! Monica is a mother of two children but remembers the day when she was told that school life had come to an end after she passed class VII.\"No girl in our village studied beyond class VII and I too followed the tradition. I was married young, ironically, to a teacher,\" says Monica. Her husband Jagdish Solanki holds a postgraduate degree and teaches accountancy and statistics in a high school.Monica adjusted herself well with the married life and became mother of two children, Dolly (7) and Aaryan (5). But she had to routinely face sarcasm of people. \"People would taunt me as 'anpadh' wife of a highly educated teacher. This pinched me. When my children started schooling in English medium schools, I decided I had to give education another shot,\" says Monica who is writing her SSC exams as an external candidate at R R Tiwari High School.Monica says that her husband has supported her in the endeavour and helped her prepare. \"He has been very supportive and I will complement the confidence shown in me by passing the exam with flying colours,\" says Monica.Monica's ultimate dream is to get a degree and to teach her children in English medium. Later, she also wants to get a job. \"I have realized rather late that every girl needs to be educated so that she can educate her own family,\" says she.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12220781", "title": "Navy releases 8 foreign fishermen", "text": "RAJKOT: Eight foreign fishermen arrested by Navy in Arabian Sea have been released after security agencies gave them a clean chit.Five of the fishermen were Yemen nationals, two from Tanzania and one from Kenya .They were arrested six months ago from an Iranian ship, 'Nafish-1'. The ship, carrying rice and heading home, had entered into Indian waters after its engine broke down, police said.AK-47 rifles, pistols and foreign currency had been recovered from the fishermen.The security agencies initially believed that they were pirates but the probe cleared them of the charges.\"After thorough investigation by the agencies, including Navy, Coast Guard and Marine police, the nine were found to be fishermen and were released by the Indian government yesterday,\" Porbandar SP Dipen Bhadran said.Meanwhile, a Somali national, who was arrested along with several others in another operation, was also released, but the released men of the Iranian ship refused to take him along, saying that they feared trouble from agencies of other countries if he were to be on board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12215178", "title": "National law university to come up in Sonepat", "text": "GURGAON: The national capital region (NCR) will soon get a National Law University, which will be set up at the Rajiv Gandhi Education City in Sonepat.On the last day of the Haryana assembly's budget session, the state legislature passed the National Law University Haryana Bill to establish this institute. As per the new law, a minimum of 25% seats for admission in the university shall be reserved for students of Haryana.One-fifth of the total seats reserved for Haryana domicile shall be reserved for the wards of land owners whose land has been acquired for setting up the Education City. However, the admission for these seats shall be made on the basis of merit in the Common Law Admission Test.This university will be developed as a centre of excellence to organize advanced studies and research in all branches of law. At present, there are 14 national law schools or universities in the country. The setting up of the National Law University is aimed at improving access to quality legal education and to developing a serious research tradition in the legal field.This move is likely to give a push to the state government's vision to develop Rajiv Gandhi Education City as a prominent campus for professional education in the NCR. Though the project was launched by the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government during its first tenure, only a few universities and educational institutions have shown interest to have their campus here.The education city will be spread over 1,500 acres close to the Delhi border on NH-1. The huge campus aims to get top-class infrastructure and support services to attract the best educational institutes to set up their campuses here. The state government aims to get institutes specializing in trade, commerce, IT, science, engineering, technology, medicine and bio-technology.To promote higher education in the state, the assembly has also passed more bills - Maharshi Dayanand University (Amendment) Bill, Bhagat Phool Singh Mahila Vishwavidyalaya Khanpur Kalan (Amendment) Bill, Kurukshetra University (Amendment) Bill and Chaudhary Devi Lal University Sirsa (Amendment) Bill. The government said that these amendment bills were introduced to revise the pay scales of university and college teachers on the basis of recommendations of VIth Pay Commission. The assembly has also passed Haryana Private Universities (Amendment) Bill to develop more institutions in the state and help them emerge as centres of excellence in academic spheres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "12214878", "title": "Four die in wall collapse in Nizamabad", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Four persons, including two children were killed and another injured when a wall collapsed at an under-construction site in front of the DEO office in Khaleelwadi area of Nizamabad town on Saturday morning.According to the police, the wall collapsed when the workers dug deeper than the base of the existing surrounding wall at the construction site. The victims were identified as worker Sarangula Padma, 30, her two-year-old son Chaitanya, worker Battula Venkatamma, 30, and her daughter Rani, 3. Padma's husband Eashwaraiah, who was injured in the incident, has been admitted in hospital. The deceased belonged to Lingammakkapelli village of Vinukonda mandal in Guntur district and had migrated to Nizamabad in search of employment.District collector D Varaprasad announced an ex gratia of Rs 50,000 under the Apadbandu scheme to each family. He also promised to take action against town planning officials of the municipal corporation for giving permission to a new building by violating the norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "rameswaram (tn)", "code": "12218415", "title": "One more fisherman found murdered in Rameswaram", "text": "RAMESWARAM (TN): A fisherman was found murdered near a church here early this morning in the second such incident since yesterday, causing panic among the people.Police said Arumugam, aged around 30, was found dead with his neck strangulated and two brandy bottles were found near his body.Fisherman Murugesan was found murdered with injuries caused by a wooden club.Police said it was not known whether Arumugam had been murdered to avenge the killing of Murugesan.Two murders in successive days has caused panic in the adjoining fishermen's hamlet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12214807", "title": "Tasks before the new government", "text": "The landslide victory of the BJP-MGP alliance has come as breath of fresh air and a refreshing change for the people of Goa from the 5-year inefficient, non-performing and corrupt practices of the Congress government, which had spread like bubonic plague and caused the destruction of Goa and the peaceful lives of its people. Congress should now realize that Goa does not belong to them, much less to their winnable families. While credit for this victory goes primarily to the people of Goa for coming out in unprecedented numbers to vote out the corrupt and 'family raj', the BJP also needs to be congratulated for winning the confidence of the people, by shedding its communal tag, and refurbishing its image as a secular party with a difference. That all six Catholic candidates fielded by the party have won with a convincing margin vindicates the people's faith in their representatives and promises to cleanse the Augean stables. It is hoped that BJP and its alliance partner live up to their promises to restore Goa to its earlier glory with a clean, transparent and corruption free government.AF NazarethII You can fool some of the people all of the time and all of the people some of the time but you can't fool all the people all the time. Goans came out in large numbers to prove the adage right. Now it is left to the BJP to live up to its mandate and give the people of Goa a clean and efficient government.Robert CastellinoIII The thumping victory of BJP-MGP alliance clearly showed people's utter dismay to Congress corruption, lawlessness, individual greed and totally defunct governance. The fact that the voters exercised their franchise in such record numbers was but a clear indicator of people's disgruntlement. Now that the alliance has been voted with a clear majority, it is for the new government to get down to the task of putting in place a clean people friendly, secular and transparent government.Domingos D'SouzaIV The road to change has begun. However, it appears that family raj still persists, and only the Alemaos are out. The old war horses, the tainted and corrupt, except for a few, are all back in all parties, sometimes with considerable majority. The electorate has now to hold Parrikar and those who represent their area to their manifestos, boasts and promises like watchdogs to be worthy of true democracy.John Eric GomesGoa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216524", "title": "Suicide helpline to give help and hope", "text": "NAGPUR: For parents who are worried about their wards who have attempted suicide, Nagpur rural SP Manoj Sharma has a solution. \"Committing suicide is no answer to problems, getting the solution will give a new way of life,\" said Sharma while introducing a suicide prevention helpline number at rural office on Saturday.\"Dial 8888817666 before you end your life,\" says Sharma who had introduced the helpline number with social worker Seema Sakhare.According to national crime record bureau, Delhi, total number of suicides in India in 2010 was 1,34,599. In Maharashtra, 15,196 people have committed suicide while in Nagpur the number is 498.Among 498 suicides in Nagpur, 354 are men while 144 are women. People committing suicides included 81 housewives, 24 government officers, 61 students, 11 unemployed, 11 retired personnel. 24 men and 37 women have set themselves ablaze, 158 men and 56 women have hanged themselves, 51 men and 29 women have consumed poison , 7 people have jumped from heights while 5 have thrown themselves in front of train.\"For people who have attempted suicide or are suicide survivor , this number will provide help, hope, understanding, support and care. Do not hesitate to call. Your life is extremely valuable. Never act on your thoughts of suicide,\" said Seema Sakhare.Trained counsellors are available for 24 hours a day all seven days a week. Sharma said that if someone is thinking about ending life due to financial problems, they have included a private bank for their help. Also some government officers are also expected to lend a helping hand.\"The bank officials will give them alternate solution and sometimes we will even try to provide financial help,\" he said. The rising number of suicides among farmers and uneducated people prompted Sharma to start the helpline.\"Untreated depression is the main cause for suicide. It needs immediate treatment. Our counsellors will provide you confidential help,\" said Sharma adding that the helpline number will also help police personnel to come out of depression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12220612", "title": "Mamata not to attend swearing-in ceremonies of Badal, Akhilesh", "text": "KOLKATA: Trinamool Congress today said the party chief and West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has decided not to attend the swearing-in ceremonies of Punjab and Uttar Pradesh chief ministers.\"I just spoke to Mamatadi. She was keen to make the trip to Chandigarh and Lucknow but now she will be in West Bengal on the opening day of the Assembly for the Governor's address,\" Trinamool Congress leader and Rajya Sabha member Derek O' Brien told PTI here.Mamata was invited to the swearing-in ceremonies of Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav.Brien also posted the information on social networking site Twitter.He declined to comment on Congress spokesman Abhishek Singhvi's caution against Banerjee not to cross the \"laxman rekha (boundary line)\" of \"coalition dharma\" by attending the two swearing-in ceremonies.The Congress spokesman told reporters in Delhi, \"Social interactions with strangers by those in partnerships is permissible but obviously if things go beyond the normal boundaries of social courtesy, it would become immoral.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12215720", "title": "Special train between Hubli-Yeshwantpur", "text": "HUBLI: South Western Railway administration has announced a one-way way special train between Hubli-Yeshwantpur and Yeshwantpur-Ahemadabad on March 11 and 14 respectively, for clearance of extra rush. Accordingly, Train number 06546 Hubli-Yeshwantpur one-way express special will depart from Hubli at 22-00 hrs on Sunday and arrive at Yeshwantapur at 06-40 hrs, the next day.Enroute, the special train will depart from Haveri at 23-10 hrs, Ranebennur at 23-35 hrs, Harihar at 23-55 hrs, Davanagere at 00-10 hrs, Birur at 02-00 hrs, Arsikere at 02-40 hrs and Tumkur at 04-45 hrs.Similarly, train number. 06545 Yeshwantpur-Ahmedabad one way express special train will depart from Yeshwantpur at 10-45 hrs on March 14.The train will arrive at Ahmedabad at 19-20 hrs, the next day. Enroute, the special train will depart from Arsikere at 13-20 hrs, Davangere at 16-10 hrs, Hubli at 19-35 hrs, Gadag at 21-10 hrs, Bagalkot at 23-00 hrs, Bijapur at 01-40 hrs, Solapur at 04-00 hrs, Pune at 08-15 hrs, Lonavala at 09-35 hrs, Kalyan at 11-05 hrs, Vasai Road at 12-15 hrs, Surat at 15-35 hrs, Vadodara at 17-25 hrs and Anand at 17-58 hrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12214553", "title": "My pad or yours, honey?", "text": "MUMBAI: A blase Kareena Kapoor speaks about having sex to Imran Khan in Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu. Imran and Katrina Kaif pair up, leaving Imran's brother in the cold in Mere Brother Ki Dulhan. Coyness, romance, sacrifice in love... none of these once-vital elements in Bollywood exist any more. Romance speaks a different language.\"The grammar of love has undergone a sea change,\" says screenwriter Mushtaq Sheikh. \"From the speed to the language, the entire process of falling in love has changed. The young are in a hurry. They have no time to wait to fall in love or even be selfless about it. They want results. And if they are spending time falling in love, they need to see what they are getting back in return.\"Flash back to the days when love did not declare itself. Lovers then chose to convey their emotion silently-a shy note, a quiver of the lips... and an endless wait. Recalls writer Dilip Thakur, \"There used to be a build-up to the first eye contact between the hero and heroine, be it Rajendra Kumar's hand brushing against Mala Sinha's in Dhool Ka Phool, Rajesh Khanna singing Mere sapnon ki rani in Aradhana or Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol crossing each other's path before meeting on Eurorail in Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge.\"Films like Break Ke Baad, Delhi Belly or the recent Rockstar are anything but love at first sight or virginal. However, the last did have a resonance later of the self-destructive Devdas, an old favourite. But even the torturous, all-consuming love of Devdas has changed in Bollywood-within a decade of Sanjay Leela Bhansali's remake, where the protagonist dies pining for his Paro, Anurag Kashyap's Devdas moves on with the prostitute Chandramukhi.Sheikh explains, \"Today things are kind of quicker -it's a simple 'My pad or yours honey?' The rules are different, the game is different-like 'Let's get on with it quickly. There's more to life than love.' So when the whole language of love has changed, the grammar is bound to be turned on its head.\"When was the last time a romantic film created a buzz in terms of story, songs, performance, hero and heroine? Not since Jab We Met. Interestingly, its director Imtiaz Ali has explored the changing dynamics of romance in all three films-Jab We Met was made in the old romance mould, Love Aaj Kal explored the difference between how two generations looked at love while in Rockstar romance does not follow any rules.Interestingly, Ali differs on the subject of romance being dead. \"I think the quality of romance has not really changed down the ages-and that was the point I was trying to make in Love Aaj Kal,\" he says. \"What changes is its depiction, depending on a director's outlook. The old world is not over and is not at cross-purposes with modern cinema. Or else movies like Andaaz, Junoon and countless other films down the decades, which speak of romance in a modern language, would never be made.\"Anu Menon, who has attempted the subject of love across three romantic cities in London, Paris, New York , feels that earlier, romance on screen was lyrical and larger than life since it had to overcome all kinds of stumbling blocks like parental and societal objections. \"Indian cinegoers still love the drama in romance but there's an upsurge of more tongue-in-cheek, relatable romances, where the lead characters, rather than society, create the conflicts. Cinema has also progressed in the way romance is expressed sexually. A kiss is no big deal now.\"This year, veteran film-maker Yash Chopra returns with another romantic film with Shah Rukh Khan, Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma while Karan Johar has a teenybopper flick, Student Of The Year, lined up. His recent production, Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu, is a complete departure from the way the film-maker has dealt with love in cinema. Speaking about the change, he says, \"Romance in Indian cinema has evolved from era to era. From old-world charm to the hill-station frolics of the '60s to the breast-heaving '80s to the pure values of DDLJ in the '90s and now to the contemporary and real conversational banter of the present, romance has come full circle in Indian cinema.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12215717", "title": "Jain remanded in judicial custody till March 14", "text": "JAIPUR: In an unexpected turn of events in the Dara Singh encounter case, a court sent suspended ADG A K Jain was sent to judicial custody following a request made by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). Jain's CBI custody was to complete on March 14 but sources said due to his ill health, it had become quite tedious for the agency to continue his interrogation in the ongoing investigation of the Dara case. Hence, CBI choose to present him before a court on Saturday and he was remanded in judicial custody.Jain, an accused in Dara Singh encounter case, had surrendered before the CBI court on February 27. Later on February 29, the IPS officer was sent to CBI custody till March 14. However, after CBI took him in custody, Jain was admitted to the SMS Hospital following complains of chest pain. After spending a week at the hospital, CBI again took him into custody on March 6.On Saturday, CBI officers appeared before the vacation court and requested it to send him to judicial custody. Though the officers are tightlipped on why they asked for judicial custody of Jain in a scenario where his police custody was till March 14, an officer said the suspended officer (Jain) was not cooperating with them. The court presided by a vacation judge sent Jain to judicial custody till March 14.\"Whenever, we ask him anything, he used to complain of chest pain. Majority of our time of interrogation got wasted in taking him to the hospital. Thus, we felt it was better to send him to judicial custody,\" an officer said.Earlier, CBI was claiming a big breakthrough in the Dara Singh case when they had taken Jain into their custody. They had claimed that important investigations which are pending in this case would get direction through the interrogation of Jain.Sources added that CBI officers investigating the case have cited non-cooperation of state government in providing them logistic support to their seniors in Delhi.\"The CBI officers have some rooms booked at the Urja Bhawan where Jain was being interrogated. When CBI took him there for interrogation, it was jam-packed with guests for the marriage ceremony of an IPS officer's kin. It was difficult to have a proper interrogation there and also for arranging for logistics, including food for the officers and Jain,\" a source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12216858", "title": "Kerala Tourism wins Golden Gate award", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala tourism has bagged the prestigious Golden Gate award at the world's leading travel show - ITB Berlin.Kerala tourism's 'Your Moment is Waiting' won the Silver Prize in the Print Campaign Category at the Das Golden Stadttor (Golden Gate) awards. The award honours the best creative campaign of the global tourism industry every year. The gold in the category went to Malaysia. Director of Kerala tourism, Rani George, who led the state delegation to the travel festival, received the award on March 8. The print campaign was conceptualized and created by Stark Communications Pvt Ltd, creative partner of Kerala Tourism.\"It is another big endorsement at the global level to our efforts to further promote Brand Kerala in the world tourism circuit. The government has launched an intense drive to attract quality travellers from niche markets and increase the share of foreign tourism receipts,\" said tourism minister A P Anil Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12216229", "title": "Congress meet on BPCC chief election today", "text": "PATNA: Newly-elected district Congress committee (DCC) presidents and Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) delegates will discuss the election of new BPCC president, PCC working committee members and AICC delegates from Bihar , at a meeting at Sadaquat Ashram here on Sunday.The party's state affairs in-charge Gul Chain Singh Charak and state PRO B D Kalla arrived here on Saturday to take part in the meeting.Party sources said the meeting is likely to be addressed by Charak, Kalla, incumbent BPCC president Chaudhary Mehboob Ali Kaiser and CLP leader Sadanand Singh, among others. This will be followed by a delegate session. Asked about the possibility of a resolution being passed authorizing the party's central leadership to name the state party president, as has been the usual practice in the Congress, Kalla said the ball was in the court of newly-elected PCC delegates and DCC presidents.However, a party functionary said it was almost certain that the party's central leadership would be authorized through a resolution to name the new state party president, 35 PCC working committee members and 80 AICC delegates from Bihar.The process for election of DCC chiefs and PCC delegates is yet to be completed even though it has been going on for about eight months. So far, names of 30 of the 38 DCC presidents and 560 of the 590 PCC delegates have been announced, said Kalla. It will take more time before the names of the other office-bearers are announced, he said and added the names were yet to be received from district PROs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "12222531", "title": "Air assaults against Gaza to go on as long as necessary: Israel", "text": "JERUSALEM: Prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday warned that Israeli air assaults against Gaza would go on \"as long as it is necessary\", as the death toll in renewed violence in the Palestinian coastal territory rose to 18.\"We have exacted from them a very high price. We will continue to operate as long as it is necessary,\" Netanyahu told his ministers at a weekly cabinet meeting asserting that the country was on \"high alert\" to prevent any terror attack.Israeli air strikes on Gaza today killed three, including a 12-year-old boy, as violence on the troubled border continued for a third day.Medical spokesman in Gaza, Adham Abu Salmiya, said Ayoub Useila, 12, was killed in the Jabaliya refugee camp and his seven year old cousin injured in an attack. Israeli jets also pounded the Zeitoun neighbourhood of Gaza City , killing Ahmad Deib Salim, 24.The third victim of Israeli air strikes was Adel al-Issi, 52, a farmer who was also killed in the Gaza City, Abu Salmiya said, bringing the death toll since Friday evening to 18.Israel Defence Forces (IDF) Chief of Staff, Benny Gantz, said more than 120 rockets were fired at Israel since Friday and his forces would continue to retaliate with force to protect Israeli citizens.Gantz noted that 20 per cent of the rockets fired from Gaza on major population centres in Israel's south were intercepted by the Iron Dome anti-missile system. \"The IDF has demonstrated accurate interception abilities,\" he said. \"The IDF has retaliated and will continue to retaliate with force and sensitivity against any firing directed at Israel. Hamas and other terror groups continue to gain strength at an alarming rate. We do not seek escalation but Hamas controls Gaza,\" Gantz stressed.Violence between Israel and Gaza militants erupted on Friday afternoon when an Israeli strike killed the leader of the ultra-hardline Popular Resistance Committees, Zohair al-Qaisi, sparking a bloody cross-border exchange.Netanyahu justified the attack saying \"he was in the midst of planning another attack that was directed at our southern border with Egypt\" and Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman called him \"a ticking bomb\". Meanwhile, Egypt was making efforts to halt a further escalation in violence.\"Egypt is in a race against time in order to halt hostilities as soon as possible to avoid further escalations,\" Egyptian ambassador to the Palestinian territories, Yasser Othman, told the Palestinian Ma'an News Agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12215761", "title": "Week-long residential camp held", "text": "INDORE: The NSS unit of Acropolis Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research held a week-long residential camp at village Vyaskhedi under the supervision of Mona Nagar, Raj Sharma and Aarti Shah. The students and faculty of the institute held various awareness programmes for the villagers.Rain water harvesting was one of the main projects taken up by the students on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12222119", "title": "Promote industry for more jobs, BIA tells government", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Industries Association (BIA) has demanded strengthening of industry (secondary sector) in view of its potential to generate huge employment opportunities. This will ease pressure on agriculture, on which 89% of the rural population is dependent for its livelihood, in the state.Hailing the state government's stress on agriculture sector, BIA president K P S Keshri said that a low budget allocation for industry in the 2012-13 state budget was a matter of concern for the local industries. He said that the industry sector has got barely a little more than one-third of the budget allocation for agriculture sector (primary sector).Praising the state government's move to start a second five-year agriculture road map for development from April 1 for bringing in rainbow revolution through agriculture and allied sectors, including agro-based and food processing industries, Keshri said that development of manufacturing sector is important for generating jobs.Keshri said that industry has the potential to create demand for services (tertiary sector), which include transportation, hospitality sector, information technology services and others. The secondary and tertiary sectors, taken together, would generate huge employment, easing the pressure on land which alone cannot meet the requirement of entire rural population. He said that secondary and tertiary sectors are concomitant to the primary sector for sustained economic development and revenue generation.Stressing that manufacturing sector needs special care, he said it has not happened so far due to different factors, including the one related to continuance of entry tax on machineries for setting up of industries and raw materials. Due to this, the products of local industries were costlier rendering them less competitive in comparison to the products manufactured in neighbouring states, he said.For robust economic growth, he said, industry should be balanced with other sectors, including agriculture, in the matter of budgetary allocation. He recalled that in 2009-10, the state government had assured waiving of entry tax on import of machineries to promote industrial growth.Keshri said that compounding of tax on manufactured products of micro industries should be introduced on the pattern of one-time compound tax realized from small traders over the annual sales of their goods. This would help in growth of micro industries, he said and added that this would pave way for self-employment among the rural and urban entrepreneurs who start their ventures with small capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12214936", "title": "Uncertainty prevails over co-opted members' polls", "text": "NASHIK: With rumours of the saffron alliance supporting the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) and it being almost certain that the mayor would be from MNS, everybody's attention is now focused on the five places for the co-opted members of the House. The state government's changed criteria for electing co-opted members is also disturbing many aspirants.After MNS supported the Shiv Sena reach the magic majority figure in the Thane Municipal Corporation, speculation is rife that the saffron alliance, particularly the Shiv Sena, will support MNS. It is also anticipated that the MNS will elect its first mayor in the city and in the state. Now, the attention of all the parties is focused on the election of co-opted members to the municipal corporation.A senior Shiv Sena leader revealed that out of the five members to be co-opted at the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), the MNS would have two members. Since one member is to be co-opted for every 16 seats in a party, MNS, having won 40 seats, can elect two members.One member would be co-opted by the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), one by the Shiv Sena and one by the Congress. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) seems to have very few chances of having have a co-opted member.\"It is all a matter of the party's strength. Though there are aspirants in the BJP, the party stands no chance since it has won only 14 seats. Even the Congress is barely on the borderline, but it has better chances than the BJP,\" said a senior Shiv Sainik. He said that the Shiv Sena has 2-3 eligible candidates, including Sanjay Bagul and Satyabhama Gadekar. He added that the city chief of the BJP, Laxman Savji, has expressed interest in being a co-opted member. When contacted, Savji only said that it would depend upon the figures.A senior leader, who was an independent candidate, said that from the Congress party, city chief Akash Chhajed and former leader of opposition Hemlata Patil would be the likely contestants for the post, while a senior leader from the MNS said that Sameer Shete and Anant Suryawanshi were likely to become co-opted members from the party. \"It all depends upon the work, dedication and sincerity that a party worker has towards the party and the city,\" the leader said.Another thing that is worrying many interested candidates is the state government's new criteria for electing co-opted members to the municipal corporations, providing for election of medical practitioners, lawyers, chartered accountants, educationists and other professionals. This was circulated in a government resolution (GR) by the state government in the end of February. The GR also reads that the persons need to have minimum experience of five years in their respective fields.A large number of aspirants from various political parties have begun lobbying for their co-option, but this rule is likely to pose problems for those trying to be included into the House after being defeated in the polls with a narrow margin. \"Even those who are asked by the party leadership to withdraw from the poll fray can claim the post of co-opted members or are already offered the post as a condition to withdraw nomination. But many eligible and dedicated candidates may also lose their chance to get into the house,\" said a leader of the Shiv Sena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12214540", "title": "Government staffers' appraisals to get transparent touch", "text": "MUMBAI: To end the deep-rooted red-tape, inefficiency and corruption within the administration, the state government has decided to bring in total transparency to the process of assessing employees' performance, otherwise an exercise shrouded in secrecy.The experiment is going to be first implemented in the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) and will be replicated for over 10 lakh state government employees all over the state if it's a success. The new system will be brought into effect in MSEDCL MSEDCL, the state's power distribution arm, is experimenting the system from the current financial year onwards for over 30,000 employees of its over 70,000 workers across the state. The effect of this system on the staff and the overall administration is to be seen from April onwards, revealed a top official in the power ministry.Generally, performance is reviewed through a 3-tier confidential reports (CRs) system wherein the CR is written by an employee's senior officer called a reporting officer, countersigned by his next higher authority and finally accepted by still further next higher authority. The secrecy maintained in the present system sometimes triggers fear, worries and internal disputes. It also often prevents bureaucrats from opposing their immediate superiors or taking bold and honest decisions.A CR not only shows an employee's career graph but also of his contribution towards the company's growth. \"Of course, the aim of adopting this system is to encourage employees to offer more transparent and efficient services to consumers,\" said MSEDCL's chief of corporate communication Ram Dotonde, who hopes to make the administration more consumer-oriented through this move. He said the new system is aimed at promoting fair competition among employees at par with corporates and avoid scope for manipulations, misunderstandings, doubts and favours.\"Earlier employees' relations with the seniors would also matter besides the overall performance thus giving rise to favouritism and corruption. But in the new system, these bad elements will not supersede the performance,\" said another senior MSEDCL official, requesting anonymity.\"The countersigning and accepting officers will need to record the reasons for disagreements with the reporting officer's remarks on an employee's performance. Otherwise, the system will not allow the next process to take place,\" said Dotonde, when asked about any objections being raised by the officers involved.According to a senior officer, the staff at the level of superintending engineer and above will have a facility of self-assessment, whereas for those below the level of superintending engineer the assessment will be done online, which the employee can track and make suggestions. Any controversy or delay over gradation and promotion generally eats into employee and department's energy than the actual work.\"We would earlier communicate the grading but in the new system an incumbent employee gets due intimation via an email at every stage of assessment. This will help in early disposal of promotional cases and other service matters of the employees,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "12224118", "title": "Valsad police to rope in vendors in their network", "text": "VAPI: Valsad police plan to develop an active link with small-time vendors like panwalas and bhelpuriwalas to keep an eye on criminals. The five urban areas in the district of late have seen an increase in incidents of chain snatching, vehicle thefts, house and shop burglaries etc. The idea to rope in vendors in police network was discussed at a crime conference held last month. It has been noticed that most of the criminals visit their favourite vendors before or after committing a crime. Thus it was felt an active link with vendors would be very productive for the police, said D B Vaghela, Superintendent, Valsad. \"I have already met some vendors in Valsad city and would be now meeting those in Vapi next week,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "jhajjar/gurgaon", "code": "12215417", "title": "Gangsters stop police van, kill undertrials", "text": "JHAJJAR/GURGAON: Three criminals were killed and four others, including two policemen, were injured when a police van transporting under-trials was attacked on the Gurgaon-Jhajjar Road on Saturday. The van was returning to Gurgaon after producing the party at a Rohtak court. The attackers were from a rival gang.Police said the van was rammed by a truck around 3.45pm, forcing it to a halt near Orangpur. The killers then came in a Santro and an i-10 from behind, entered the police van and shot the three criminals dead. The police said the truck driver fled. Around 15 armed assailants entered the van and pumped bullets into the undertrials. Within minutes, the attackers sped away in their car. \"We will arrest the accused soon,\" Rohtak range inspector general Alok Mittal said.A notorious criminal Shri Bhagwan, former sarpanch of Karor village in Rohtak and his brother Dilbagh Singh were killed. The third victim was Anil alias Fauji of Chirhi village in Jhajjar. Their associates Nasir, a resident of Gwarka village in Faridabad and Ranbir alias Fauji of Ladaut of Rohtak suffered bullet injuries.Two constables were injured. All the wounded were rushed PGI, Rohtak. A PCR van escorting the criminals was damaged. The police have recovered a double- barrel gun from the spot.All the under-trials were members of the Shri Bhagwan gang and they were allegedly behind the murder of two brothers in Rohtak that happened some four months ago. Investigators said that the killed gang leader operated from jail.\"Preliminary investigation shows that the attack was the result of a gang rivalry. Shri Bhagwan and Anil Chippi, both residents of Karor village, were enemies for the past 10-12 years,\" Mittal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12216260", "title": "New police headquarters building soon: Chief minister", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Police will soon have a new state-of-the-art headquarters, Police Bhawan, equipped with the wherewithal of disaster management.This was announced by CM Nitish Kumar while inaugurating the All India Police Housing Conference, organized jointly by the Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPRD) and Bihar Police Building Construction Corporation (BPBCC), at a posh hotel here on Saturday. The new Police Bhawan will be located outside the secretariat campus on which the police HQ is currently located.The CM emphasized the need to use green building and earthquake-resistant technologies in all government buildings to be constructed so as to conserve energy. There should also be a proper maintenance schedule and funds for that. He also stressed on making all disaster-management facilities available in police station buildings.Kumar referred to Bihar Police Academy being constructed near Rajgir in conformity with green building norms at an estimated cost of Rs 206 crore. The project is registered with the Green Rating Integrated Habitat Assessment for a four-star rating. \"The building is the face of the department,\" the CM said and added bulletproof material should be used to construct police buildings in Naxal-hit areas.Commenting on the functioning of bureaucracy in Bihar, Kumar said officers tended to ignore the CM's ideas unless he asked about the proposal for the second time. He said BPBCC was a sick undertaking before he came to power. \"My government pumped in funds - Rs 1,000 crore - and today BPBCC has turned around to earn profits in crores,\" he said and added even though many new police buildings were being constructed now in Bihar, \"we still have a long way to go\".Kumar hoped the two-day conference, a first in Bihar, would help evolve better mechanisms to develop infrastructure across the country.According to BPBCC CMD-cum-DG A K Gupta, the corporation has been handling projects worth Rs 1,000 crore during the last four-five years. It has handed over many completed buildings to the authorities concerned. The construction work on the Patna SSP's office building has also started while the six-storey Gandhi Maidan police station building will be handed over to the department soon. Besides the one inaugurated at Mauzipur, four more river police station buildings are being constructed by BPBCC in the state. Thirteen barracks for 300 constables each are also coming up at an estimated cost of Rs 5 crore each, he said.BPRD director Anand Prakash said the purpose of the conference was to bring uniformity in police housing across the country. DGP Abhayanand said the department needed buildings not only for housing police personnel but also as a structure to fight Maoists. Chief secretary Naveen Kumar also stressed on the need to construct buildings with green technology.State road construction department secretary Pratyay Amrit made a presentation on 'Infrastructure Development' in Bihar during the last six years. Principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani, was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12215159", "title": "Jijibisha: A man's 'Wheel' to live", "text": "KOLKATA: Like the 'Count of Monte Cristo' Edmond Dantes he learnt his first letters on the prison walls. Like Andy Dufresne in 'Shawshank Redemption' he swam through the foulest-smelling river and came out clean. His life is a study in contrast and the contradiction begins right with his name - Manoranjan Byapari. He is no trader of entertainment but a narrator of pain. His journey from a life among crooks to the world of books fulfils all criteria for an epic - conflict and struggle, journey to hell, redemption and resurrection. He is also possibly the only rickshaw-puller in the world set to have his work published by the Oxford University Press.Loss and pain: Byapari was a toddler at Bankura's Shiromanipur refugee camp after Partition and later, another camp in South 24-Parganas. \"I was a cattle boy when the Indo-China war broke out. My sister had died of starvation, my father ruined by gastric ulcer. I set out of home in the mid-60s,\" Byapari recounts.The journey: \"When I came to Kolkata, I kept shuttling between Jadavpur and Park Circus, and even went to Shibpur. I travelled to Jalpaiguri, Siliguri and Darjeeling. I'd travel without ticket to Assam, Lucknow, Kanpur, Delhi, Allahabad but without luck. In 1969, I returned to Kolkata. By sheer chance, I found out that my family had also settled in Jadavpur. It was then when I started pulling rickshaws. I'd often pedal up to 16 hours a day,\" Byapari narrates.The turbulent 70s brought even more disasters to Byapari. \"My life was spiralling downwards. I was addicted and violent, always getting in trouble. But it was my imagination, or big mouth, if you will, that left me battered,\" he grins. \"The city was rocked by the Naxal wave back then. One day, someone added an 'L' to 'CPI (M)' written on the walls of a temple in the area. I was the easy target. They tied me up to a lamp post and thrashed me, an illiterate,\" he says.Then came the 1971 Bangladesh war and with it, a hungry tide of refugees. \"We were packed off to Dandakaranya but I hated it there and escaped after eight months. I finally reached Jadavpur where I went back to my old life. Drink and brawls took up all my time,\" Byapari confesses.Journey to hell: And then, lightning struck during the Emergency years. \"I was a brawler. But I never imagined they would lock me up under charges like rioting, bombing, attempt to murder and arson. They sent me to Alipore special jail and after about a year, to Presidency jail,\" he says.Resurrection: \"I was hysterical when they took me to jail. A fellow inmate who was in for fraud said, 'Why are you crying, take a look at that.' He showed me through the window a sapling on the roof of the National Library. 'See that plant,' he said. 'If it can survive in all that concrete, you too, can find something worth living in here,' he told me. That's when he urged me to learn how to read and write,\" says Byapari. \"I learnt Bangla letters on the prison floor and walls with dust, stones and later, chalk,' he adds. \"The Presidency stint gave me access to a sea of books in the library.\"Byapari entered jail as a crook and got released on bail a bookworm. He went back to pulling rickshaws. \"I would read under the sun and streetlights, books magazines, newspapers...everything,\" he says. In 1980, fate finally decided to give him a break.Redemption: \"One day, two women came out of a college and boarded my rickshaw. I could say they were professors, so I asked one of them if she could tell me the meaning of a word I had read in a book, 'jijibisha'. She was stunned. 'Where did you learn the word', she asked and told me it meant the 'will to live'. She wrote down her name and address and asked me to get in touch with her. Now it was my turn to be stunned. The name she had scribbled was Mahashweta Devi! I jumped and took out the book I was reading from under the rickshaw seat. It was 'Agnigarbha' by Mahashweta Devi! And so it began,\" Byapari's eyes sparkle.\"I may have helped him in the past, but it is to his credit that he has managed to get the attention of Oxford University Press and the media,\" says Mahasweta Devi.The unlettered rickshaw-puller is now a luminary in the world of dalit literature. On May 7, 2008, Byapari received a letter from chief editor Tutun Mukherjee which read: \"We are preparing an anthology of dalit writings to be published by Oxford University Press as part of their series 'Dalit writing from Eastern India'. We shall deem it an honour if you consent to join our team as a Bengal co-editor along with Dr Sayantan Dasgupta (JU)...\"For a living, Byapari now cooks 300 meals a day for a city hostel. \"The current chief minister is very sympathetic to the cause of the oppressed and I'm sure if she knows of my plight, she will ensure a better life for me,\" says Byapari. His autobiographical novel, 'Itibritte Chandal Jibon,' was released in the recent Kolkata Book Fair.\"I must also thank the late Prof. Meenakshi Mukherjee, writer Alka Saraogi and Jaydeep Sarangi of Jogesh Chandra Chaudhuri College,\" smiles Byapari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12216261", "title": "Adsul, Gudhe spat spills out in the open", "text": "AMRAVATI: \"Former Shiv Sena MP Anant Gudhe offered me Rs 5 lakh to appoint his son as co-opted member on Amravati Municipal Corporation (AMC). When I refused this offer, Gudhe started levelling baseless allegation against me ,\" said MP Anand Adsul at a press conference on Saturday.On Friday, names of co-opted and standing committee members of AMC were declared. Gudhe was apparently unhappy with the Shiv Sena's decision to give co-opted membership to Komal Bothra, who is a close aide of ex-Congressman Dr Sunil Deshmukh.So Gudhe distributed a press release on Friday evening and held a press conference on Saturday, levelling serious allegations against MP Anand Adsul. He claimed that Adsul has sidelined faithful party activists and given membership to Bothra. Gudhe also alleged that Bothra's appointment on AMC as co-opted member was because of big money changing hands.Later on Saturday Adsul called a separate press conference and refuted the allegations levelled against him. Adsul said Shiv Sena-BJP and RPI had a pre-poll alliance in Amravati. \"I held meetings to try and accommodate BJP and RPI candidates. But two RPI candidates who had promised to be with us joined the opponents,\" said Adsul.\"Since we wanted to give representation to Hindi-speaking population, I selected Komal Bothra,\" said Adsul. \"My activists are not upset over this. Gudhe had offered me Rs 5 lakh to appoint his son as co-opted member, but I refused his offer. I am not involved in any money deals. I know many misdeeds by Gudhe, but am not immature to say such things about a colleague,\" said Adsul.He added that he has informed Uddhav Thackeray about the appointment of Bothra.After Adsul, Gudhe too called a press conference and said Shiv Sena activists were unhappy but not speaking publicly. \"I oppose Adsul's decision. If he wanted to give representation to Hindi speaking persons, there are such activists in the party. He need not have appointed a person who is close to a former Congressman. I will tell Thackeray about this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12215394", "title": "Encounter cop turns words into bullets", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Suspended cop D G Vanzara needs to fire. If you take his gun away, he turns words into bullets. Accused in fake encounters of Sohrabuddin Sheikh and Tulsiram Prajapati, he released his third collection of poems from behind bars called 'Rantankar' (war cry) on Saturday.The book was released by Gujarat's first Muslim police chief, retired director general of police (DGP) S S Khandwawala. It spews venom on 'Wahabis' and wants everyone to chase 'jehadis' into the Sindhu river.His poem on Bangladeshi migrants perhaps gives some insight into his worldview - 'Kachda thi Kohima sudhi, Bangladeshi fari rahya, Sarkaro ni najar same, Kukarmo sahu kari rahya (From Kutch to Kohima, Bangladeshi nationals are roaming free, they commit all crimes in front of the authorities)'.Vanzara has been in jail since April 2007. Besides Sohrabuddin and Tulsiram, he is also suspected to have a role in the killings of Ishrat Jahan and Sadiq Jamal.'Rantankar' was unveiled in the presence of a number of senior jail officials. He had published two collections - 'Vijay Panth' (path of winners) and 'Sinh Garjana' (lion's roar) in 2009.The latest collection touches on a range of subjects, from politics to his prison days to patriotism to the tactics of a spider living near his cell.But he comes into his own when he targets enemies of the state. He calls politicians traitors and says they are more vicious than snakes - Sajjanta no dol kare sau, Eru karta bhunda, Badmasho aa rajkarni, Deshi virodhi gunda.Unveiling the book, Khandwawala said, \"I laud the effort. Prison often breaks a person, but Vanzara has not let that happen.\" The publisher depicts Vanzara as the personification of bravery, discipline, righteousness and result-orientation. The text on the back cover describes his work in the crime branch, state anti-terrorist squad and border range as unforgettable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12220955", "title": "Puta poll stumping intensifies", "text": "PATNA: The Patna University (PU) campus is once again in the grip of election fever. Though the elections to the various offices of the Patna University Teachers' Association (Puta) are scheduled for March 17, campaigning through SMSs is already in full swing. On Sunday, contestants also started door-to-door canvassing by visiting teachers' residences.An interesting aspect of this year's elections, being held after a gap of three years, is that individuals are not contesting the elections. It is a fight between two teams - the \"old\" and the \"new\". Each team has sponsored its own candidates for the seven key offices including president, general secretary, two vice-presidents, two joint secretaries and a treasurer.Though the elections are not being fought on any political ideology or principles, the social justice plank may play a significant role. This is also obvious from the list of candidates selected by different teams. The 2003-batch teachers are also likely to play a decisive role as they constitute one-fourth of the total electorate. Only two women , namely Kumari Rupam and Madhu Rani Sinha, are contesting the elections from two different teams. There are also two \"independent\" candidates in the fray , namely M N Sinha for vice-presidentship and Nand Lal Paswan for joint secretaryship.The team led by B N College history teacher and PU students' welfare dean P K Poddar (who is himself contesting for presidentship) has sponsored mostly those teachers who have occupied various offices of Puta in the past. They are former treasurer and syndicate member S B Lal for general secretary, personnel management and industrial relations (PMIR) department head Prabhakar Jha and B N College teacher Javed Hayat for two posts of vice-presidents, PMIR department teacher Kameshwar Pandit for treasurer, and Kumari Rupam and Awadhesh Kumar of Patna Women's College for the post of two posts of joint secretary.On the other hand, the team led by PU economics department head Rai Murari (himself contesting for the post of president) consists mostly of new faces so far as the Puta elections are concerned. The contestants of this team include Patna Science College geology teacher Anil Kumar (for general secretary), B N College mathematics teacher Bal Gangadhar Prasad and PU Urdu teacher Israel Raza (for two posts of vice-president), B N College teacher Shiv Sagar Prasad (for treasurer), and Madhu Rani Sinha and Manoj Kumar Sinha (for two posts of joint secretary).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12215434", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation to submit action taken report on illegal buildings", "text": "INDORE: After taking action against illegal constructions in the city, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) is preparing to submit its report before the Supreme Court (SC). The civic body has to submit the action taken report before the apex court on March 12 and hearing is schedule for March 19.For preparing the action taken report, IMC commissioner Yogendra Sharma called a meeting of all the zonal officers on Friday and sought details on action taken against illegal constructions in their respective zones. A report will be prepared by city engineer Harbhajan Singh based on the details provided by the zonal officers. Sharma and Singh are supposed to go to Delhi on Monday to discus the case with lawyers and present the report before the SC.In a month-long drive against illegal constructions, the IMC had demolished 74 illegal buildings. On an average, three illegal buildings were demolished on every working day and the civic body also recovered fine from the property owners.Former corporator Parmanand Shishodiya had filed a PIL with the state high court over illegal constructions in 170 buildings in the city. The case was later shifted to the SC wherein the IMC was pulled up for not taking action against illegal constructions.At the time of the last hearing, the civic body had taken action against all the buildings except on 74 and the IMC had asked more time to take action against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12214957", "title": "Flurry of projects, but little to show", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP councillor Subhash Arya got several projects sanctioned for his ward Subhash Nagar during his current tenure - two multi-level car parks worth Rs 70 crore, an MCD school building, a project to cover a major drain worth Rs 23 crore etc. But none of these projects worth Rs 100 crore are anywhere near completion.\"The project to construct two multi-level underground car parks was conceived in 2007, but the foundation stone was laid three months ago and just 30% of the work has been completed so far,\" said S K Kapoor, president, 6 Block RWA. MCD officials say the parking will be completed by this years end. Arya, a three-time councillor from the ward, has spent a lot of money in reconstructing inner colony roads. He claims a major chunk of his councillor's funds has been spent in providing basic infrastructure. But residents allege that most of the roads were repaired or constructed in the last six months. Along with it, Arya got dividers constructed on all inner colony roads.But residents are miffed with the decision. \"It is a clear case of mindless planning and wastage of public money. On main roads like Guru Vijender Marg, dividers are necessary but colony roads don't need these,\" said Satpal Oberoi, a resident.Residents admit that the area has benefited immensely from Arya's position as leader of the House in the MCD. But encroachment continues to be a problem. Soon after coming to power, Arya started a drive against encroachment and illegal construction. \"Despite stiff opposition from local people, I went ahead with the drive. Today, people appreciate my efforts as the roads are wider and traffic flow is smooth.\" Besides, he has also beautified the area. \"We have an herbal garden. I have developed more than 45 parks in my area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12216292", "title": "4.6 magnitude quake hits Nicobar Islands", "text": "NEW DELHI: A moderate earthquake measuring 4.6 on the Richter scale today struck Nicobar Islands region.The quake hit the islands at 2.28 am, according to the Met department.There was no immediate report of any damage to life or property due to the tremors.The Nicobar Islands comprise 22 large and small islands, and are situated in the south-east of the Bay of Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12215823", "title": "Fogging machine gets a thumbs down from malaria officer", "text": "BHOPAL: Fogging machines serve little or no purpose in controlling mosquitoes and we have rejected its use, says district malaria officer (DMO) Dr Padmakar Tripathi. Each of gas-spewing fogging machines uses 100 litres of diesel and has a detrimental effect on those with respiratory problems and environment.\"As a method to control mosquito control, machine fogging is of temporary importance,\" said Dr Tripathi. \"Similar exercise was adopted in 2009 after a rise in malaria cases was reported. Scientifically speaking, fogging machine in open area does not kill mosquitoes,\" he added.There are 12 fogging machines under the control of the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC). Of these, three are functional. One hand-held machine also takes rounds in city slums. The machines, mounted on a jeep, go through residential areas during the evening, spraying a column of smoke-like chemical.BMC health officer SP Shrivastava concede that the affect of chemical on mosquitoes do not last much. \"The same machines are being used across the state.\"Everyone is aware of the fact that fogging serves little purpose, but somehow the demand for the machines only keep on going up. \"The machines make rounds in each of 14 zones,\" said Shrivastava.\"Ideally, the BMC should announce before carrying out fogging sprays. Exposure to the chemical in bronchitis and asthma patients can lead to inflammation,\" said Dr Lokendra Dave, associate professor, Chest medicine, GMC.Health experts are aware that fog machines are not effective in open spaces and main roads, where several factors like wind direction determine results. The efficacy also depends on the mosquitoes' density. \"Fogging does work in a laboratory situation,\" said Dr Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12216730", "title": "Pasha\u2019s retirement a \u2018relief\u2019 for United States", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States breathed a perceptible sigh of relief over the retirement of Pakistan's top spy Ahmad Shuja Pasha, with whom Washington had a tetchy relationship, with the usual hopeful prognosis accompanying the selection of Lt Gen Zahir-ul Islam as the new chief spook.The changeover in Pakistan made headlines in America , where the media typically does not bother about similar personnel turnover in the intelligence agencies of Russia, China, the UK, India, France, Israel or any other country.But with its toxic distinction of being terrorism central , the changes in Aabpara, the headquarters of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), attracted much attention in the US media.It even generated questions at briefings in the White House and at the state department, where spokesman Victoria Nuland offered a thinly disguised brush-off to the spymasters of a country informally regarded as using terrorism as a policy tool.Asked about Lt Gen Islam, Nuland said she preferred to \"send you to our colleagues in the intelligence agencies who will be his counterparts\". \"I can't speak to this individual. I can't speak to that relationship. It's an intelligence-to-intelligence relationship, so I'm going to send you to our friends there,\" Nuland said when pressed about whether the move will change US-Pakistan ties.White House officials too declined to comment immediately and said they will need to get back on the matter. One report noted that Pasha's departure would be \"a relief to the US intelligence community which had a working, if frosty, relationship with him\".Privately, though, some officials fell back on usual expressions of hope after discovering that Lt Gen Islam, in the course of his career, had traveled to the US to participate in milita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12215198", "title": "Board's tryst with textbooks!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Tension disappeared and wrinkles on the forehead gave way to smiles as class X students saw their Maths paper on Saturday. Students were of the view that one could have easily scored cent per cent marks, just by studying their textbooks thoroughly. Even the class XII(Commerce) students were happy as they got extremely easy and less lengthy question paper in Economics.Aishwarya Menon, a class X student said, \"Every question was directly asked from the textbook to the extent that even figures matched. I completed half an hour before time and revised my answers four times. I am confident that I will score above 95 marks.\"Adds another class X student Sanjeevni Shah, \"The best deal was that even MCQs were directly lifted from exercises behind the chapter. I got ample time to solve the questions which I had left in round one. Perhaps, it is for the first time I have attempted complete question paper.\"Commenting on question paper for class XII, Sakar School economics teacher Baijayanti says, \"It was easy, but lengthy question paper. Some students managed to complete on time, but others were seen struggling and even left 5 - 7 mark paper.\" She added, \"Some students felt that one MCQ on unemployment commission was not from textbook, but it is very much there in textbook.\" tnnWhile, class XII student, Udita Bhatt says, \"Most of the questions were from textbook and the best part was that not many questions called for recalling data. I am confident to score above 95 marks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12216102", "title": "Badal invites Jaya to swearing-in ceremony", "text": "NEW DELHI: Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal on Saturday invited his Tamil Nadu counterpart J Jayalalithaa to participate in his swearing-in ceremony for the second term on March 14.The AIADMK supremo, however, expressed her inability to attend the ceremony as she was scheduled to undertake campaign for the March 18 Sanakarankoil assembly bypoll on that day. Having conveyed her inability to attend the oath-taking function though she would have liked to, Jayalalithaa said she will depute her party MPs V Maithreyan and M Thambidurai on her behalf, an official release here said.She had earlier greeted Badal on his poll success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12214981", "title": "Dalgado awards announced", "text": "Dalgado Konknni Akademi (DKA) has announced its annual awards to personalities who have contributed to the development of Konknni in Roman script.Fr Pratap Naik will be honoured by Dalgado Literary Award 2011 for his life time contribution to Konknni literature in Roman script. Tiatr artiste Annie Quadros will be conferred with Dalgado Cultural Award 2011, Fr Casmiro D'Mello will be honoured with Dalgado Heritage Award 2011, while the Dalgado Konknni Institution Award 2011 will be awarded to Kala Mogi, Candolim. The DKA's Fr Freddy J da Costa Journalism Award 2011 for journalism in Konknni in Roman script will be presented to Alvaro Gomes and Marcos Gonsalves will get the Dalgado Youth Award 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12214963", "title": "Congress changes venue for protest march", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) was denied permission to hold a protest march in Gandhinagar, the party has decided to change the venue to Gandhi Ashram.The Congress had sought permission to hold a rally off Pathikashram in the state capital, though senior Congress leader Shankarsinh Vaghela had declared party workers would \"gherao the assembly.\"The Gandhinagar district administration has expressed the view that it is \"not possible to give permission for any protest rally in view of the by-election in the assembly constituency of Mansa, board examinations and the ongoing assembly session.\"GPCC president Arjun Modhwadia talking to reporters here on Saturday. He said: \"We could have broken the laws and could have continued with the protest march, but keeping in view the board examinations and the culture that the party belongs to, it was decided to carry out the protest march in Ahmedabad at Gandhi Ashram.Modhwadia said that \"the CM had on Saturday organized a function in Ahmedabad, and if the administration can grant him permission, they cannot deny us permission in Ahmedabad.\" He added that the speaker cannot be addressed by the name, leave alone calling him an Adivasi speaker or a Dalit speaker, but the ruling party is insulting him by calling him an Adivasi speaker.He alleged that \"even Modi was not allowing the speaker to function as per the rules and regulation of the assembly.\"Chairman of the election campaign committee Shankersinh Vaghela called the BJP government a government of the goons and an anti-democratic government. He said the ruling party has not allowed appointment of the deputy speaker, Lokayukta and has not even tabled the report of the public accounts committee.There is also lack of staff in offices of the Human Rights and the Right to Information. \"Even the high court has to intervene and pass judgment criticizing the government for not appointing staffers in these two offices,\" Vaghela added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12215930", "title": "Cops set May 1 deadline for tenant registration", "text": "CHENNAI: All house owners in the city are to submit details of their tenants in the prescribed form at the police station concerned by May 1, police have said.\"In the east zone, we have received an overwhelming response from house owners and nearly 1,500 tenants have so far been registered at the police stations concerned. We will soon include the hutments and slum areas under this category and ask that those staying there on rent be registered at the respective police stations,\" a police officer said.\"We plan to conduct a special campaign to create awareness among the public to encourage them to complete the procedure without delay. The forms can be collected from police inspectors who have been issued a circular by the police commissioner to ensure that it contains information about tenants of houses in areas falling under their jurisdiction,\" the officer said.\"We have launched the initiative to ensure the security of the general public. People should cooperate with us,\" a police officer said.The order, which comes in the wake of the February 23 encounter in which five bank robbery suspects were shot dead in a rented apartment in Velachery, was issued by police commissioner J K Tripathy who holds the powers of a district additional sessions' judge as per CrPC Section 144. The circular was issued on March 3 and came into effect immediately.Those failing to comply with the requirements can be booked under IPC Section 188 (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant) that attracts a penalty of a jail term of 3-6 months and a fine, police said.As it was not possible to convey the information to every house-owner, it was being issued through the mass media, he said. Circulars would be pasted on notice boards at local body offices, police stations and the offices of senior police officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "banaskantha", "code": "12223558", "title": "Eight sex workers enter into wedlock", "text": "BANASKANTHA: Eight girls from Vadia which is infamous for being the 'village of sex workers', tied the knot at a mass marriage event held here, paving the way for a social change in a place where flesh trade has been a tradition.A dozen other girls from the same village were betrothed to prospective suitors at the gathering.For Sarania community, a denotified tribe (DNT), prostitution is not only tradition but also the only mean for living.For Sarania women, flesh trade has been a norm for generations. All women of the community, which has roots in Rajasthan, prostitution is a currency, while the male members at as pimps and bring clients to their wives and daughters.\"Eight girls got married in a traditional Gujarati wedding. While 12 others got engaged who will be get married afterwards in 1-2 years,\" said Mittal Patel, the coordinator of NGO Vicharta Samuday Samarthan Manch (VSSM).The social organisation has been working with Sarania community over five years. It is for VSSM's efforts that the mass-marriage has been possible in the village.Marriage or engagement of a girl in this community means that she cannot be forced into flesh trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12215906", "title": "Akhilesh is simple &amp; sensitive, say friends", "text": "LUCKNOW: Minutes after the Samajwadi Party named Akhilesh Yadav as the next chief minister of Uttar Pradesh, his social networking site was flooded with greetings. By evening, scores of friends had posted their messages on his profile. 'Well Deserved!' was the most common message. Those who have known Akhilesh since his teen years call him special and deserving since long.Captain Aslam Khan met Akhilesh when former's father was posted in the military school, Dholpur. \"Over the school years, I met him whenever I went to my see my father. But after he came to Lucknow, we met almost daily. The purpose was to sweat it out in the playing ground at Dilkusha,\" said Captain Khan who is now posted in Indore.\"At that time, his father was the UP CM but he had no airs about this. In fact, Akhilesh preferred to be low key and kept many people guessing. He was passionate about football and played from forward left. However, if there was need, he shifted to the forward right as well,\" recalled Aslam who was the team's goal-keeper. A round of 'chai and bun-makkhan' was a must after a sports session. Aslam has fond memories of junior Yadav's wedding as well. \"The entire gang of friends had a great time dancing in Saifai. We went to Delhi for the reception party as well,\" he said.A cardiologist with Ram Manohar Lohia Institute of Medical Sciences, Dr Bhuvan Tewari came in touch with Akhilesh during an inter-Army school summer camp at Dholpur. \"Being students of the same class and from the same city, the connect was instantly established. I found that he was admired by teachers for his simplicity and love for discipline. Together we paraded for hours preparing for Prime Minister's rally, a tradition that follows Republic Day parade even now. We reunited in Lucknow to play football and basketball,\" said Dr Tewari.\"Over the years, he hasn't changed much - as sensitive and helping as always. Sometimes, we were told that there won't be any hangout for the next month. And whenever he said that, we could make out that he was out to help someone in need. So many times he gave shoes to sportspersons and cycles to batch-mates,\" said the doctor.In fact, instead of eating out in fancy restaurants, he preferred simple dal-roti at a dhaba on city outskirts. Lt Col Manish Mishra, the friend next door, dittoed: \"He never let anyone pay for the treats ... irrespective of the occasion. And he was never influenced by a person's background or social class when it came to making friends,\" he said, adding, \"though his academic score wasn't too high, his mind was sharp.\"The gang, that also comprised Jagat Singh, Dharampal Singh, Pramod Rawat and Praveen Rawat, has fond memories of Akhilesh's love for Mohammad Rafi. \"His car audio usually played old songs. But some times, soft rock numbers by Air Supply and The Aerospace were also heard,\" said Dr Tewari. The close friends and some listed on Yadav's social networking site are aware that the road is not easy. Then, there would be the pressure of expectations as well. \"It is here that the good wishes will come handy,\" said Lt Col Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12217058", "title": "VMC, Kalali-Atladara slum dwellers reach settlement", "text": "VADODARA: The standoff between the slum area residents in Kalali-Atladara and Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) came to an end after a settlement over the issue of providing alternative accommodation to residents of over 1,400 dwellings there.The civic body had earlier planned to raze the slums to make housing schemes for the urban poor there, but the move to oust them was challenged in Gujarat high court.Residents of Bhimnathnagar, Jagnathnagar, Santoshinagar, Sarvodaynagar, Suryanagar and Mahakalnagar had challenged the move to oust them in the high court through a public interest litigation filed through People's Union for Civil Liberties. In all, the civic body was planning to raze 1,467 dwellings there and construct 4,096 houses for the urban poor under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM).Opposition leader Chinnam Gandhi, who had coordinated the legal battle and earlier raised the issue with the civic body, said the high court had granted a stay on the razing of slums in December. He said the housing project would have taken two years for completion and the slum dwellers would have become homeless if their homes were razed.Also, if the work did not start on the plots where the slums were, the grant would have expired.The petitioners as well as the civic body arrived at a settlement. The residents will be granted accommodation at housing schemes in Kalali, Tandalja and Jambuva. The civic body will also ensure that basic amenities will be in place at these sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214719", "title": "Interest-free microfinance hope for poor Muslims", "text": "HYDERABAD: Making headlines in the recent past for crushing interest rates claiming lives of debtors, microfinance is now being offered with a more humane approach. The Human Welfare Foundation will now offer loans in the form of interest-free microfinance to the poor across the country including Hyderabad, said vice president of Jamat-e-Islami Hind Prof K A Siddique Hassan here on Saturday. Hassan is the general secretary of the foundation,In addition to interest-free loans, a support system for human welfare involving a network of activities focusing on healthcare, protection of civil rights, women's empowerment, disaster management and encouraging strict adherence to ethics in professions such as medicine is the need of the hour, he noted. \"The burden of interest never allows the debtor to extricate himself from the web of interest and loans. Also, Muslims need skills, technical guidance and entrepreneurship apart from financial assistance,\" he added.As part of an initiative entitled Vision 2016, the Human Welfare Foundation (HWF), along with 50 affiliate NGOs, has been implementing around 125 projects in 20 states to establish a support network for human welfare. \"The plan aims to bring about the complete upliftment of Indian society. By adopting business models such as musharika (joint venture), mudariba (hire purchase) and qarz-e-hasana (loans with the intention of goodwill), we intend to help the poor. This will be 100% interest free. The NGO Sahulat Microfinance Society intends to achieve justice and plans to remove socio-economic disparities by providing interest free loans thereby bringing about equity for educationally and financially backward section of society. Hyderabad will be the hub of operations in Andhra Pradesh,\" said Hassan. There are 15 such microfinancing centres in and around Hyderabad.Hassan observed that the ghettoisation of Muslims is the primary cause for their backwardness. He added that poverty alleviation was possible with education.He said the first phase of the project was completed in March 2011 and the second phase would begin in March 2012 and will focus on states in South India. \" This is the first time a national NGO for protection of civil rights of Muslims has been formed in the county,\" Hassan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12219078", "title": "Jessica Simpson poses nude", "text": "She might be heavily pregnant currently but that hasn't stopped Jessica Simpson from posing naked for a magazine.The singer was reportedly delighted to nude because she says has gotten much more confident about her body since discovering she was pregnant. Simpson, who has previously struggled with her fluctuating weight, bared all for the cover of a magazine and admitted she is currently feeling more confident about her body than ever. \"Normally I'm hoping to be 107 pounds and I don't eat, but I ate cheesecake before we shot.I wasn't nervous at all, Usually, I'm so shy. I'm not the person you see photographed in a bikini on a beach. But for some reason, being pregnant, it's so easy for me. I feel so comfortable in my skin,\" said Simpson. The 31-year-old star, who is engaged to basketball star Eric Johnson , also added that she is starting to feel concerned about giving birth but insists she isn't afraid of going through labour. I'm anxious for my water to break, for the day I get to go to the hospital and push. I'm more anxious than afraid. I have not been afraid the whole time. I figure if all these women all around the world can do it, I can too,\" she added. Simpson has been told she will deliver a big baby, but was expecting her daughter to be larger than average because of Eric's tall frame. \"My baby is in the 90th percentile of weight right now, so she's a big one. She's going to be a very big baby, but I guess that's what I get for letting a baller knock me up.\"When the newborn arrives, she will already have a friend in Jessica's nephew Bronx Mowgli, her sister Ashlee's three-year-old son with ex-husband Pete Wentz . \"Bronx talks to her in my belly all the time. It really makes your heart melt. He's already got a box of old toys he's put together for her,\" ended Simpson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12214815", "title": "CT scan machine at Civil Hospital not functional from past 9 months", "text": "NASHIK: From the past nine months, the sole CT scanner at the city Civil Hospital has not been functional, while the civic administration in the city continues to sleep over the issue.From June 14, patients coming to the Civil Hospital for CT scans are simply sent to the Super Specialty Hospital at Shalimar or asked to get it done from some other hospitals. Civil surgeon Dr BD Pawar, meanwhile, says that a proposal to acquire a new CT scan machine has been sent to the health directorate at Mumbai about six months back and he is awaiting a response.The Civil Hospital in Nashik gets hundreds of patients from different parts of the city and the district. For many patients from the remote parts of the district, the Civil Hospital is the only option they have for treating any kind of ailment. So, the absence of a CT scan machine in the hospital is adding to the woes of such patients.Though the Super Specialty Hospital is close by, the fee for a CT scan there is at least twice what the Civil Hospital charges. Civil Hospital staff said they used to do around 30 CT scans daily when the machine was functioning.However, ever since the machine developed a technical snag, patients are being asked to go to the Super Specialty Hospital. The Super Specialty Hospital gets around 15 patients daily for the said purpose, which means that some of the patients take to private hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12215021", "title": "CISF observes 43rd Raising Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) celebrated its 43rd Raising Day at the 5th Reserve Battalion in Indirapuram, Ghaziabad on Saturday. The parade was reviewed by minister of state for home affairs Jitendera Singh, and DG of CISF Rajiv was also present.Rajiv, in his welcome address, said that from a modest beginning of 3,000 personnel, CISF has grown in both numbers and stature during the last 43 years. \"Presently CISF has a sanctioned strength of more than 1,31,000 personnel and it provides security and protection to 307 installations of national importance.These include units in the Atomic Energy and space sectors, airports, steel plants, coal and iron ore mines, historical monuments, Delhi Metro and so on. In addition, the fire wing of the force provides fire security to 83 installations,'' he said. He also spoke about CISF's involvement in the units situated in naxal prone areas.Singh released the third edition of CISF's Research &amp; Development Wing - 'Journal of Industrial Security' and an in-house journal Sentinel 2012. In his address, Singh conveyed his felicitation for the hard work put by CISF personnel. The minister offered a shawl and memento to the recipient of Sahitya Akademi Award 2011, constable Aditya Kumar Mandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12215395", "title": "CPM stops Suja Susan from receiving Somnath book", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: CPM's Bengal unit may have hammered out a truce with ousted leader Somnath Chatterjee but for the Kerala leadership the veteran continues to be a persona non grata.The party on Saturday asked Suja Susan George , party-backed candidate who was defeated by Oommen Chandy at Puthuppally last Assembly election, not to attend a function where she were to receive the first copy of the Malayalam translation of Somnath Chatterjee's autobiography, 'Keeping the Faith'.As per schedule, Suja was to receive the first copy of 'Viswasyathayude Ormakurippukal' from Manoj Bhattacharya, former MP and RSP central secretariat member, here on Saturday evening.Top sources in the CPM told TOI that a 'no' was slapped on her when permission was sought to attend the function. \"A central committee member who is associated with the activities of Purogamana Kala Sahitya Sangham informed Suja not to attend the function on Saturday morning,\" said a source. Suja, who is an office-bearer of PuKaSa, had to accept the diktat.Later, Suja conveyed to Mathrubhumi books, organisers of the event, that she wouldn't be attending the function. Instead, O V Usha received the first copy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12219121", "title": "Vijay Prakash releases single", "text": "He has uploaded a track, titled Vaasama..., on his siteRiding high of the success of two tracks in Nanban (Aska Laska... and Irukaana...), singer Vijay Prakash has released a single! Titled Vaasama..., the song has been penned by Madhan Karky in Tamil and was released on the singer's website recently.\"I just felt like doing a song,\" reveals Vijay, \"So, I composed something, got Karky to pen the Tamil lyrics and uploaded it on my website for listeners. I hope to do more of such interesting songs, apart from singing for films.\"His last couple of songs in Kollywood have been superhits and he thanks music composer Harris Jayaraj for that. \"I'm glad he gave me a song like Aska Laska..., which is tailor-made for my voice,\" feels the singer, who has tracks with composers like Yuvan Shankar Raja and D Imman lined up in Tamil.Meanwhile, Vijay recently turned composer with a Kannada film titled Andar Bahar. \"We recently recorded one of the songs for this flick with Karthik,\" he reveals.Interestingly, when singer Karthik turned composer with Vasanthabalan's Aravaan, he recorded with Vijay Prakash for the melodious Nila Nila... number. \"I'm glad that Karthik used me in his debut album,\" grins Vijay, \"And I was sure that I wanted him to sing a track in my first composing stint as well. He's done an excellent job on the song.\" The Hosanna... and Jai Ho... singer is much sought-after when it comes to live performances.In fact, his recent classical fusion performance with Ustad Zahir Hussain in Mumbai was much appreciated. \"I love the energy onstage,\" he says, \"As I sing in many genres, ranging from classical to fast numbers, it's very challenging as an artist. Singing to a live audience gives me immense satisfaction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12216875", "title": "Mumbai for Me: Feeling blue, not green", "text": "MUMBAI: It is not for nothing that open spaces are called a city's lungs. Parks, water fronts and mangroves determine pretty much all of a city dweller's health and well-being .The quality of open spaces, after all, determines the purity of air citizens breathe, defines play activities their children indulge in, affects the incidence of infectious diseases as well sets the benchmark for citizens' physical activity.With open spaces in Mumbai rapidly shrinking, Mumbaikars, though, experience more of the illeffects of these spaces than gains.Chest physician Salil Bendre of the Environmental Medical Association of India puts it simply. \"An environment replete with plants and trees enables air (oxygen ) flow and makes it easier for people to breathe. However, overcrowding in terms of concretization and construction of infrastructure projects in the city prevents the natural flow of air.\"Not surprisingly, his clinic in Andheri, like most other neighbourhood centres, sees a steady flow of wheezing children and asthmatic Mumbaikars. Several connect the increasing incidence of respiratory problems such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD) and asthmatic bronchitis to the shrinking green environs.Doctors believe that another common complaint among Mumbaikars-that of creaky bones and aching joints-would be significantly mitigated if they were to get sunlight on open grounds, daily , a seeming luxury in a city with over 20,000 persons packed into every square kilometre.Physician Hemant Thacker of Bhatia and Jaslok hospitals explains that open spaces covered with greenery boost the environmental health of a city, but points out that much of Mumbai's grounds and parks that haven't been utilized appropriately are reduced to dumps and garbage mounds, which adversely affects the health of citizens. \"They become breeding grounds for mosquitoes, rats and termites, and contribute to the slush and muck flooding during the rain,\" he says. The effect was played out during the July 2005 deluge when the city was submerged in 944 mm of rain in a single day. The outbreak of infectious diseases such as leptospirosis spread by rats and mosquito-caused dengue and malaria claimed hundreds of Mumbaikars in its wake. Open spaces then have a collateral health impact. The World Health Organization lists diarrhoea , lower respiratory infections , other intentional injuries, road traffic injuries and malaria as the top five diseases with the largest environmental contribution. Underlining the need for greening Mumbai, tree lover and gynaecologist Dr Anahita Pundole says the ability to sit and inhale in a park adds several years to one's life. \"Some moments in a park are the best form of rejuvenation.\"Down in the dumps- WHO estimated environmental burden of diseases in India:- An average Indian loses roughly 14 days of their life per year (disability-adjusted life year) due problems of water, sanitation and hygiene caused by unkempt water bodies- Diarrohea, respiratory infections, malaria and other vector-borne diseases, road traffic injuries (due to lack of jogging and walking tracks) and neopsychiatric disorders are among the leading diseases due to environmental burden- Nearly 86 % of annual deaths are due to diarrohea related to the lack of water sanitation and hygiene(Source: World Health Organization)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "12224576", "title": "Cops recover 50 tonnes of washed coal from bushes", "text": "SINDRI: Baliapur police on Sunday recovered nearly 50 tonnes of washed coal from bushes near Rakhitpur railway station on Sindri-Dhanbad rail line. The seized coal was allegedly unloaded from railway wagons by a gang involved in pilfering coal.According to A K Singh, officer in-charge of Baliapur PS, police were getting information on pilferage of coal from railway wagons for the last three days. Getting a tip-off that the pilfered coal has been stocked in nearby bushes near Rakhitpur railway station, police raided the area on Sunday morning. \"We were surprised to find the huge cache of washed coal accumulated there,\" he said adding that one pay-loader and seven dumpers had to be pressed into service to lift the recovered coal. The steel grade washed coal with high calorific value is sold on a premium rate in the black market, he added. \"Pilferage of washed coal on such a large scale from railway wagons is simply not possible without the connivance of RPF officials and we have concrete information that an organized gang was involved in pilfering coal from wagons under the patronage of RPF,\" said the officer in-charge.\"We will lodge a case under Section 414 of IPC against half-a-dozen known coal lifters of the area,\" he said but refused to reveal the names.Pilferage of coal from rail wagons is not new in the area. According to sources, passenger coaches of trains leading to Bihar and UP can be found loaded with sacks full of coal. \"Coaches of Sindri-Dhanbad passenger train is also used for transporting coal from colliery areas to Sindri, from where it is transported to banks of river Damodar for onward transportation to West Bengal. Coal mafias involved in pilferage appoint villagers on wage for transporting pilfered coal to designated places through cycles. Over 2000 villagers are engaged in transporting coal through cycles in areas surrounding Baliapur and Sindri alone. Such coal is transported to UP, Bihar and West Bengal through forged papers showing it to have been lifted legally from collieries,\" the source added.Despite all hue and cry, police and the district administration have not been able to stop the trade running into millions and millions of rupees. \"Action taken by the Baliapur police is a welcome step, but police need to launch a drive against coal pilferage on a sustained basis,\" said local BJP leader Manoj Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12214982", "title": "Rs 1.37 lakh heist in excise, customs office", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of thieves targeted the office of central customs and excise tribunal in new Mental Compound in Meghaninagar and stole computer hardware worth Rs 1.37 lakh. Meghaninagar police have registered a case of theft and started investigation on Friday.Vishwaprakash Tatiraju, a resident Sarkari Vasahat, Pragatinagar, Naranpura, filed a theft complaint on Friday. As per his complaint, somebody entered the premises of the tribunal office between 6 pm on February 7 and 8.35 am on February 9 after breaking the lock on the main door. \"The thieves stole three computer systems, two printers and other computer peripherals worth Rs 1.37 lakh from various offices. We believe that it is handiwork of more than one thief,\" said a Meghaninagar police official.Investigators are also questioning the customs officials to find out whether the stolen computers contained any classified information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12124026", "title": "What phone type are you?", "text": "Cellphone models are the new zodiac signs. They can tell people whether you are a party animal or the shy romantic who will never put out on the first date. But shallow typecasting aside, many of these stereotypes are being used by software companies to target the right users.It was a dinner at a posh Italian restaurant and the entrees had arrived. But they just sat there, ignored and turning cold, as two friends typed on their phones at autobahn speed as the third read out a passage from a book. It was a speed test of a different kind - which phone, an iPhone or a BlackBerry, typed faster and with more accuracy. The first level of the test was to type on their own phones and then swap them. Escalated heartbeats, frowed brows, bruised fingertips and one injured ego later, silence descended on the table. Dinner was over.This is not an exceptional scene. Often when a track plays at a club that a partying group cannot recognise, many fall over each other to sway their iPhones, Android and BlackBerry phones in front of the thumping speaker to see who gets the track first.Phones today are like extended personalities of their users. BlackBerry users are made fun of for being tech dinosaurs, Android users for being nerds and iPhone users for being spoon-fed fanboys and girls. And each group wishes the other one would just man up and move teams.Unsurprisingly, everyday we are blitzed with information about user profiles, most of which you don't need to know - from how many times iPhone users have sex in a week to whether Android users call after a one-night-nookie. As it turns out, in case you really have to know, according to one of the hundreds of studies with suspect credentials, Android users are most likely to use their beloved phones while doing the do on the pot as well as most likely to get lucky on the first date. But if you are looking to snag that young thing at work who uses a BlackBerry, remember they are the shy, romantic sort, so it might take more than a just an off-hour BB message. And while Android users are most active on online dating sites (probably true considering their stereotype classifies them as socially awkward), iPhone users date most co-workers. So, you have a better chance with the not-so-young iPhone user at work.However, apart from the amusing typecasts, some studies actually delve into the demographics and user habits of those using different operating systems. These studies are used by the thousands of application (app) development companies to judge which mobile platform would work best for which app or who to market it to. For instance, a study conducted by Hunch. com says that Android users are more likely to hear a sales pitch on the phone than iPhone people. Early adopters of new technology, more often than not, set the trend for the kind of users who will adapt to it.On the whole, iPhone users are much more affluent and proud trendsetters, Android users are much more tech-savvy and non-conforming while BlackBerry users are pigeonholed as the always-on-workemail-no-distraction workers.Arun Benty, founder and director (business development ), Trellisys, a Bangalore-based Internet communications service company, says, \"The BB user is the wannabe techie and thinks he is the power user when actually he/she is years behind. iPhone users in India think they are God's gift to mankind because they don't use a janta phone. Actually, outside India, iPhone is the janta phone, but Windows 7 or Android stand out. And whether in India or abroad, the average Android user actually really wants the iPhone but can't afford it. \"Rib-tickling as that might sound;Benty explains that companies actually use these insights because they are backed by rationale. \"Most Android apps are free. That's why there aren't very good games on Android - it isn't worth the while for the developer. iPhone buyers are rich and don't really care. Statistics say that they buy five apps a week worth almost $20 a month, \" says Benty. The company's top selling app is known as the SAS Survival Guide, which is on the top 20 app lists of several sites. It isn't cheap either at $6. 99. Their highest sale was 4, 000 in a day.Age groups and gender skews also make a difference when it comes to specific applications as phone and device users are getting younger by the day. Says Nishant Pant, co-founder of Dallas-based Loqly Inc (pronounced 'locally', it is a hugely popular app for sharing local area knowledge): \"If you want to target kids (learning games etc) aged 2-7 years, then iPhone/iPad are the best platforms. Kids these days intuitively figure out how to use iOS devices. It baffles me how comfortable my daughter is with her iPad. \" But for Loqly, the company needed users to be extremely socially active, online and offline and that calls for the age group of 25-45.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216562", "title": "Haryana loses Rs 1,000cr due to deficiency in imposing taxes: CAG", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana has faced a loss of over Rs 1,000 crore due to \"deficiency\" in imposing taxes like sales tax on goods, stamp duty and registration fee in land deals and taxes on vehicles in more than 4,000 cases in a year, revealed a latest CAG report.The insufficiency which includes under-assessment, short levy or non-levy of taxes has been detected after the auditors conducted a test check of records in the departments, including excise and taxation, revenue and transport. Though, these departments have accepted under-assessment and other deficiencies amounting to only Rs 222 crore in more than 2,000 cases.Giving an example, the report has pointed out non-recovery of over Rs 130 crore from industrialists. According to auditors, they were supposed to deposit the amount due to breach of conditions regarding in maintenance of production levels in three dozen cases in Gurgaon, Faridabad, Sonipat, Panipat, Hisar and Rewari. \"We have recommended strict action against the officials responsible for the loss,\" said Onkar Nath, state principal accountant general (audit) on Saturday.As per rules, the benefit of tax exemption is given with a condition that the beneficiary unit after having availing of the benefit, shall continue its production at least for the next five years and not below the average production. Though, the auditors found that after availing the exemption or deferment, these three dozen units did not maintain the average level of production for the prevailing five years and thus, they were liable to refund the full amount of tax exemption benefit along with interest.However, the report maintained that the deputy excise and taxation commissioners (DETCs) concerned did not raise the demand of benefit availed for the industries till the auditors pointed out the issue. Then , DETCs of Gurgaon (East) and Gurgaon (West) stated between October 2010 and March 2011 that matter was under process in 19 cases and in three, notices had been issued. But the auditors commented, \"The reply was not satisfactory as copy of notices issued to dealers was not found in the file and in three cases, notices were issued after the matter was pointed out by the audit.\"The auditors have also unearthed unjustified benefit of tax exemption worth Rs 70 crore to a contractor of Faridabad in March 2010 in relation with supply of materials to the Haryana Power Generation Corporation. \"The excise and taxation commissioner admitted the lapse, yet no action was initiated to recover the amount of exemption allowed wrongly,\" claimed the CAG officials.The report further revealed that no database was maintained either by headquarter of industries or by the excise and taxation departments regarding units availing benefit of tax concessions", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12216332", "title": "16 Amravati Municipal Corporation standing committee members elected", "text": "AMRAVATI: Commissioner of Amravati Municipal Corporation (AMC), on Friday, declared the names of four co-opted members and 16 members of standing committee while decision on the remaining one co-opted member would be taken as per the recommendation of divisional commissioner.The names of the co-opted members were declared based on the strength of various parties in the house. Two candidates of Congress were co-opted while NCP, Shiv Sena announced one each. AMC commissioner N Nawin Sona said that since Janvikas Congress and BJP have equal strength in the House, the decision pertaining to appointment of one co-opted member would be taken as per the divisional commissioner's recommendation.Vasant Saurkar, district chief of Amravati Congress committee, Amol Thakare, Sena's Komal Bothra and NCP's Asif Hussain Munnaf Hussain were declared co-opted members.A total of 16 members of standing committee were declared following election of mayor and deputy mayor.Digambar Dahake and Pradeep Bajad of Sena, Ajay Gondane of Bahujan Samajwadi Party , Chhaya Ambadkar and Ambadas Jaware of Bharatiya Janata Party , Rajendra Mahalle; Sheela Bajaj; Nutan Bhujade; Abdul Rafique Abdul Rajjak and Noor Khan of Congress, Mamta Aware; Chetan Pawar; Bhushan Bansod; Mohammad Imran Mohammad Yakub of NCP and Balu Bhuyar; Pradeep Dande of Janvikas Congress have been appointed on AMC's standing committee.Prashant Wankhede has been appointed as leader of oppositition.Alert citizens avert train mishapAmravati : Nagpur-Amravati train was delayed by 10 minutes on Friday afternoon after three miscreants removed track keys on Nawathe track.Police sources said, residents of Nirmala apartment spotted three miscreants removing track keys on Nawathe track. The citizens yelled at them and tried to catch them but in vain. The alert citizens immediately informed Rajapeth police about the incident. ACP Shrikant Mahajan and his team rushed to the spot to inspect the site. It was only after senior session engineer PD Wadekar inspected the spot and gave a green signal, did the Nagpur -Amravati train proceed towards Amravati railway station.Due to the alertness shown by the residents of the area, the miscreants couldn't cause much damage and fled only with two track keys. A major mishap was averted. Rajapeth police is investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12215115", "title": "Shigmo parade begins late, mars enthusiasm", "text": "PANAJI: Every year the Shigmo parade - made of processions of folk dancers and floats bringing Hindu mythological scenes alive - crawls through the stretch from the Pharmacy College to the Azad Maidan in Panaji. And late spectators usually head to towards Azad Maidan to catch up with the parade.But on Saturday the scene was different. By 7.30pm, Shigmo enthusiasts made their way against the direction of the floats. Poor coordination meant that the larger-than-life floats failed to make an appearance even an hour after sunset , even though the eager audience had lined up behind the cane barricades by 5pm.After waiting for a couple of hours, the audience ran out of patience and the discipline of standing behind barricades and began crowding the source of the parade to get a glimpse of the floats.Romtamel dancers accompanied by the trance of rhythmically played drums had begun enticing viewers with the promise of a memorable float parade by late afternoon. But it turned out that the participation from the folk dancers itself was short in numbers.\"This year, there are only five to six Romtamel troupes participating. Earlier, one would see 10 or more. The prizes for floats are sizeable now, so everyone wants to make floats because you can make it from donations and take home the prize money too,\" one Shigmo volunteer told TOI.Some from the organizers also believed that cancellation of the Shigmo at Ponda left participants in doubt whether the Panaji parade would take place. A float of Lord Ganesha riding on a peacock finally set this year's parade rolling at 8pm. Gods and demons later made their way atop floats towards Azad Maidan. But for some spectators the Shigmo parade was already over. Yet true enthusiasts provided warm company to effigies of the heavenly residents till late into the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12215175", "title": "Shah panel report to mines ministry next week", "text": "PANAJI: The much awaited Shah Commission report on illegal mining in Goa is likely to be submitted to the union ministry of mines next week.Speaking to STOI from Gujarat, Justice M B Shah who heads the commission, said, \"Yes the report is almost done and we will submit it to the union ministry of mines next week.\" He declined to elaborate.The report's submission assumes significance as a new BJP-led government, headed by chief minister Manohar Parrikar, has taken over the reins of administration in Goa.Parrikar, as opposition leader, had expressed disappointment about the delay in submitting the report and had threatened to come out with one of his own, though this did not materialize. He had also headed the Public Accounts Committee whose report had slammed illegal mining in Goa.In Saturday's development stands the Western Ghats Ecology Experts' Panel's report that has recommended an indefinite moratorium on new environmental clearances for mining in ecologically sensitive zones in Goa and some districts of Maharashtra.The report by panel chief Madhav Gadgil had been submitted to the ministry of environment and forests on August 30, 2011, but came to light very recently.It found that mining has crossed both states' social- and environmental-carrying capacities, as reflected by lower satisfaction levels in all facets among people in mining areas due to environmental and other problems.Shah, a former Supreme Court judge, had also conducted public hearings with stakeholders in Goa and had even visited some mining sites. The commission report was first to be submitted within 45 days of the investigation, but the date was frequently changed thereafter.The commission had investigated Goa's iron ore extraction, trading and exports, and since mid-September 2011 had inspected 90 working mines and 30-odd non-working leases. Goa is one of the largest exporters of iron ore from India.Speaking to reporters on Friday, chief minister Manohar Parrikar had said he is waiting for the Shah Commission report to take action on illegal mining in Goa.(With inputs from Paul Fernandes)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12224144", "title": "JBA bandh on March 22 for CNT Act", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand Bachao Andolan (JBA), an umbrella organization of parties supporting strict implementation of the Chotangapur Tenancy Act (CNT), has called for a statewide bandh on March 22.Prior to the bandh, the JBA will take out a rally in the city on Monday to garner people support. of for strict implementation of the Act, which prohibits sale or transfer of land owned by people from reserved category to general category.The rally will start from Birsa Chowk and culminate at Raj Bhavan. The decision for the bandh and rally was taken here on Sunday at a meeting of JBA chaired by former Lok Sabha MP Salkhan Murmu. \"We want the order passed by the Jharkhand high court directing the state government to strictly implement the Act in the interest of SC, ST and OBC communities,\" said Murmu. He said over the years, the state government had failed to do anything substantial for the people of reserved category. \"If the state government continues with this indifferent attitude, the JBA will not hesitate to intensify the agitation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12221096", "title": "Sanjay Masoom to write dialogues for Avinash", "text": "Sanjay Masoom to write dialogues for Avinash and Abhimanyu's next flickAfter writing dialogues for a number of bollywood hits including Krrish, Jannat and Kranti, Allahabadi writer Sanjay Masoom has been chosen to make his creative contribution to yet another flick. Only difference is, this untitled movie is being made by debutant director duo, Avinash and Abhimanyu and is based on UP mafia.\"It is quite an interesting story based on the mafias of UP with an equally interesting star cast. Some prominent names part of this project are Kiran Kumar, Gaurav Chopra, Mustaq Khan, Ehsaan Khan and Shakti kapoor ,\" avers the writer and adds, \"I can't exactly tell you the story but this is quite an interesting project which will talk about many untouched avenues of UP mafia and their atrocities. And since this movie is about UP, the state I belong to, it is all the more dear to me.\"\"\"\"We have also given break to a number of new faces in the movie. They are very talented and am sure people are going to appreciate their work too,\" the writer adds", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12216356", "title": "\u2018We were heckled by a neta\u2019s goons\u2019", "text": "Siddharth Sirohi, production designer for several Indian and international films, says there are both highs and lows in shooting a foreign film in IndiaWith Indian filmmakers shooting abroad and Western directors filming in India, do you be lieve there is a blurring of international bound aries in the world of cinema?I recently shot for an Indian project with the acclaimed Hollywood actor Harvey Keitel playing the part of an expat school teacher in the country. While the director of photography for the project was Turk ish, Resul Pookutty, an Indian, handled the sound. The editor and executive pro ducer were from the US. And yet, the film w a s I n d i a n While I do not believe that the bl u r r i n g o f boundaries is happening on a large scale for mainstream cinema, would like it to happen more often.Are Indian technicians making a name for themselves in international cinema?I think Western film-makers who come to India hire Indian technicians for their films because they come cheap. If Indian technicians were so good, Western film makers would have flown them abroad for their films.You were part of the crew for Deepa Mehta's 'Water' , a film on the widows of Varanasi that was stalled by protestors. Is that a risk that foreign filmmakers have to take in India - of protests affecting shoots?As Indians, we are a bunch of paranoid people who cannot laugh at ourselves, forget about taking a serious look at anything against popular belief. People here do not view films as anything but entertainment A political gimmick stalled the shooting of Water in India. We were heckled by the goons of a local poli tician. It became im possible to shoot, so we had to shift to Sri Lanka, where the film ing was a breeze", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12215457", "title": "Selvaraj is on the 'right' track", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: There was little political surprise on day two with the Selvaraj episode playing out on an expected line leaving enough hints that the former CPM strongman is headed the UDF way.Selvaraj made it explicitly clear that he might opt for the 'right' track. \"I've nothing against the UDF,'' he said. On Friday, soon after his resignation, he had ruled out any possibility of associating with the UDF.\"I will take a decision in accordance with the wishes of my supporters. If they want me to work in association with the UDF, I may opt for that,\" Selvaraj told mediapersons on Saturday at his house near Neyyattinkara.His change of stand was welcomed by the UDF. At Piravom, chief minister Oommen Chandy said if Selvaraj expresses his wish to join the UDF, the front will consider it.Deputy speaker N Sakthan, another strong Nadar leader, had welcomed Selvaraj to the UDF on Friday itself. Sources close to Selvaraj told TOI that he would take a decision in consultation with Vaikunta Swamy Dharma Pracharasabha (VSDP), a prominent Nadar organisation working in south Kerala. The VSDP is of the view that Selvaraj should contest the Neyyattinkara bypoll as an independent. In that case, the UDF might be forced to support the candidature of Selvaraj.But mild voices of protest are also being heard from within the UDF against Selvaraj's entry. They are upset as the poaching operation was not communicated to them by Chandy.This view was aired by K Muraleedharan, MLA, when he told media in Kochi that \"there are many leaders in the Congress who have considerable experience to be fielded from Neyyattinkara. There won't be any need to support Selvaraj\". Many see this statement as a harbinger of a political storm brewing within UDF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12215841", "title": "Is March 15 lucky day for Akhilesh?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The swearing-in ceremony of Akhilesh Yadav will be held on March 15, which is being considered auspicious for him. The ceremony will be held at the La Martiniere Boys College ground between 11am and 1pm.Samajwadi Party sources said March 12 was being considered auspicious if Mulayam were to be sworn as the chief minister. This was, however, rescheduled after the party paved way for 38-year-old Akhilesh who has led the SP to a thumping victory.According to sources, invitations have been sent to various dignitaries including Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee and National Conference leader Farooq Abdullah, who are expected to attend the ceremony. Invitation is also likely to be sent to BSP supremo Mayawati. But it's uncertain if she will attend the event. It has been a tradition that a former chief minister attends the swearing-in of the successor. Mulayam Singh Yadav too had attended the ceremony in 2007 when BSP chief Mayawati stormed to power.Speaking to reporters, SP winner from Lucknow Central, Ravi Das Mehrotra said the venue will be the La Martiniere College ground.Interestingly, the change of date has left many SP MLAs in a fix. They had come from their respective constituencies on Saturday expecting that the swearing-in ceremony will be held two days later. But the change of date has forced them to look for accommodation to stay put in the city for another five days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12214872", "title": "Govt asks civic bodies to pay salaries from JNNURM funds", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In a stunning disclosure, the state government has asked the fund-starved civic bodies of Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam to pay salaries of school teachers from the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) funds.In response to the SOS sent by both the major municipal corporations in the state for release of grants due to them, the government asked the civic authorities to use the JNNURM funds for payment of the salaries. The JNNURM programme is intended to create better infrastructure in the urban areas with central funds.The officials at the civic bodies are aghast at the state government's directive as the fund flow to JNNURM is not all that encouraging due to the unresponsive attitude of the state government. In addition to withholding its share, the government took a surprise decision by advising the civic bodies to pay the salaries of the staff from the available JNNURM funds.It was late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy who had agreed to pay the salaries of all the local bodies, both urban and rural, from the treasury account following the pleas of the staff that they were not getting their salaries for years together due to the poor finances of the local bodies.However, the government exempted three major local bodies - Hyderabad, Visakhapatnam and Vijayawada -- from payment of salaries through treasury account keeping in view the better funds availability and also to ensure that the local bodies remain self-sustainable. While Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation managed to clear the wages to its staff in view of a healthy revenue inflow, the other two corporations are struggling to clear the dues.The issue took a serious turn two days ago after about 1100 school teachers started an agitation demanding payment of wages from the treasury account. The agitation of the school teachers ahead of the public examination has put the state government in a fix. School education minister K Pardhasaradhi rushed to the protesting teachers on Saturday and assured them that he would discuss the issue with the chief minister on Monday.\"We are paying the salaries of lakhs of teachers through the treasury account and it might not be a big issue for them to pay the salaries of just 1100 teachers working in Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam from the same pool,\" he promised. He urged the teachers to suspend the agitation immediately keeping in view the SSC examinations. He sought at least one month's time from the teachers to settle the issue as it is financial matter and needed a deeper look.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12215672", "title": "High-tech cameras to keep eye on city", "text": "NOIDA: In an effort to check traffic violations, cops are all set to roll out high-tech cameras fitted with Automatic Number Plate Readers (ANPRs). The first-of-its-kind in the city, the device can read and record registration numbers of vehicles enabling stricter monitoring at traffic junctions.The cameras have been installed at the traffic signal located at the crossroads of sectors 31 and 32, an accident prone area. On a one-month trial run, the readers have already recorded hundreds of traffic violations like speeding, drunk driving and red light jumping.Traffic police, in collaboration with two private companies, have procured the device at a cost of Rs 7 lakh. At present, cops are working on an application which will also generate challans and automatically send them online to the law breakers once they are caught. Also being fine-tuned is a software, which will send text message alerts to the police after scanning and reading a 'wanted' number plate. The device is also being programmed to click colour pictures of the offender's vehicle, specially during the night.\"Once we complete the trial run, the 121 traffic cameras positioned across the city will be fitted with ANPRs to scan registration number plates as part of a new surveillance network,\" said superintendent of police (traffic), AK Vijeta.\"The ANPR system is programmed in such a way that it reads number plates automatically,\" said Saifuddin Beg, senior traffic inspector. \"The device comes equipped with a camera which takes three progressive photographs, records a video clip of five seconds and takes pictures of all vehicle number plates within its coverage. This data then gets stored in the database for future use and for fining violators. The device also captures images during the night,\" Beg added.According to cops, the scanned licence plate numbers will also help them identify stolen vehicles and crackdown on the offenders. \"If a robbery has occurred and witnesses report a licence plate number to the police, officers en route to the scene could scan the registration numbers of leaving the area. The system can also alert the police control room automatically in case of movement of such vehicles found plying within the city limits,\" said Vijeta.Traffic cops propose to recommend the project to Noida Authority once the trial run is over. \"We have already identified nearly 15-20 locations where the ANPR system will be effective,\" said Vijeta. \"It will also help reduce the rate of accidents at several black spots,\" added Beg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12215931", "title": "Bengal cops didn't help: Tirupur team", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tirupur police have claimed that their counterparts in West Bengal did not co-operate with the investigations connected with the Alukkas jewellery heist.According to police, two informers, Bakul Sheik and Gokul Sheik, had helped with a lot of information to nab Zia-Ul-Sheik, Mir Raj Ali, and Hakkim-Ul-Sheik, who are among the eight accused in the case. The trio was arrested on February 4 and produced before first additional chief judicial magistrate court in Jangipur. The court granted five days to the Tirupur police to produce them before a Tirupur court.Meanwhile, the Tirupur team took the accused to Farakka police station and went to nab the others with the help of the informers. On February 5 midnight, Tirupur officials dropped the informers at the Farakka police station. On February 6, around 2.30am, the special team led by inspector Selva Thangam left for Farakka railway station with the accused. While at the station, inspector Utham Dhalal from Farakka police station contacted Thangam and told him that he wanted the signature of the inspector. The police team returned to Farakka police station where Thangam was told by inspector Dhalal that one of the informers, Sheik Bakul, was found dead in a sewage canal and his relatives have blamed the Tirupur police for causing his death. \"Our men were accused of chasing him during which he fell into the canal. Our police did not know much about the area. So, how could they have chased him?\" asked Tirupur SP V Balakrishnan.The Farakka police registered a case against inspector Thangam and three others However, the officials were released on bail. According to a senior police officer, if the Farakka police team had not detained the Tirupur team all the accused could have been arrested and the gold jewels recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12215287", "title": "Playwright Central", "text": "When I do a play, I tell my actors not to put on fake accents. 'What is your own voice?' I ask,\" says Swar Thounaojam. Swar is a playwright in Bangalore, one of a growing number of young playwrights based in the city. Swar was 17 when she went to Delhi to study. \"I was into street theatre at that time.\" She moved to Bangalore in 2004. \"I wanted to be a poet,\" she says, \"but I also got involved in theatre.\"It was at the urging of a friend that Swar wrote a one act play. \"I did it overnight. It was my entry for Writers' Bloc - the theatre initiative collaboration between the British Council, the Royal Court Theatre, Rage and the Jindal Southwest Foundation.\" The script was shortlisted, and Swar found herself writing another play for Writers' Bloc. The result was Turel, her highly acclaimed play set in her native Manipur, centering on the relationship between a Brahmin priest and the town deadbeat, set against the turbulent backdrop of insurgency and militant action. Since then, she has written many others, including plays based on events in Bangalore like the death of an English boy at the Majestic Bus stand. \"Bangalore has always been theatre friendly,\" says Vijay Nair, one of the senior playwrights on Bangalore's theatre scene. \"You could put it down to the presence of people like Girish Karnad and Mahesh Dattani. There has always been a certain level of respectability attached to plays here. There have been theatre festivals in Bangalore since the 70s and 80s. The culture has always been strong\".Swetanshu Bora is the playwright of Once, On That Street. The 28-year-old has been involved in theatre since his days at BMS College of Engineering, and made the transition to writing last year. \"It took me five drafts and over a year to write the play,\" he says. Once, On That Street deals with three very recognizable people in urban India: Maya, a 31-year- old single woman and corporate executive; her apartment-mate, 26-year-old rich kid Karan, and Shekar, who is romantically linked to Maya. \"It's about the choices we make. And it's an examination of how liberal we are, what we can do and what we can't, how tradition still colours a lot of what we do.\" Once, On That Street has been performed in Mumbai and will premiere at Rangashankara on May 10 and 11. \"The business of plays is not about making money. It's a labour of love, its something you do because you want to.\"Chankaya Vyas started off as an actor in Abhishek Majumdar's Lucknow 76. Later, he participated in a theatre workshop conducted by Indian Ensemble. As the final project of the workshop, he became involved in the process of writing. \"While acting, I would see how the play would be changed based on the author's ideas of what worked and what did not. And that gave me a few ideas. And when we had to put up a play at the end of the workshop, I started writing my first play, Tales of Kutty. The writing was devising driven.\"Tales of Kutty was the first runner up for the Sultan Padamsee Award for Playwrighting. \"The award was a tremendous encouragement,\" says Vyas. \"It told me that somewhere in this world, there is a place for me as a playwright.\" He says that the increasing number of awards for theatre is a great motivator - not just for the winners, but for others who are encouraged by the recognition these awards bring to first time playwrights. \"The creation of platforms like Rangashankara and Jagriti has given a tremendous fillip to Bangalore theatre,\" says Nair. Vyas agrees. \"If you are interested in theatre, these spaces offer you the opportunity to pursue your interest. It could be acting, it could be production.\"\"Take the case of Short and Sweet,\" says Jagriti's Jagdish Raja. \"It's a platform for 10-minute plays, performed at Rangashankara recently. And you saw a great response from young playwrights.\" Raja says that Bangalore's significant population of young people willing to pay watch live theatre encourages aspiring writers and the creation of new material. \"The plays also give them something they can identify with. There will also be those in the audiences watching who think 'Why can't I do something like this.'\"Raja highlights the fact that a number of staged plays remain unpublished. \"Plays may not offer the volumes a publisher would require,\" he says. \"But those who want to stage these new plays can always get in touch with the playwrights via the Net.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12215194", "title": "Super large apartments are in now", "text": "BANGALORE: Many Bangaloreans are now opting to buy large-format apartments, apartments with floor space ranging between 3,500 sqft and 5,500 sqft. They cost crores of rupees, which also means they can easily afford to buy villas too. But clearly, that's not always the case.Villas tend to be comparatively difficult to maintain. Gardens and roofs are particularly vulnerable, and it's the owner's responsibility to maintain them, unlike in apartment complexes where these are maintained by a common management.\"Young IT couples prefer self-contained apartment blocks with all the amenities. Villas require more maintenance,\" says Raj Menda, CMD of property developer RMZ Corp.For Pinkesh Shah, CEO of management consultancy firm Adaptive Marketing, who bought a high-end apartment in Koramangala, maintenance was the primary reason for choosing an apartment: \"The whole notion of do-it-yourself maintenance and security in a villa is intimidating.\"Even in a gated community, the security a villa provides is often less than that in a high-end apartment complex.Shah also says apartments provide a sense of community that villas apparently don't.The Hebbal-Devanahalli and Outer Ring Road stretches have seen several large-format apartment launches. RMZ launched 122 high-end suites on Hebbal Road at prices ranging between Rs 3.5 crore and Rs 6.7 crore for suites measuring between 3,900 sqft and 6,500 sqft. Sobha Developers launched a 156-unit luxury apartment block near Hebbal Ring Road at sizes between 2,640 and 4,860 sqft priced over Rs 1.1 crore.Large-sized apartments are in demand. They are easier to maintain and safer too, feel many.Karun Varma, MD-Bangalore at real estate consultancy Jones Lang LaSalle India, estimates that over 700 units measuring 4,000 sqft and above are under construction in Bangalore.Rajesh Chawla, MD at North American Investment Bank in Singapore, bought a Rs 6-crore apartment in CityView near Mehkri Circle. CityView, an equity joint venture of Westcourt, Goldman Sachs and Century Real Estate, houses the Four Seasons hotel and has 110 branded residences. Chawla, a Bangalorean, says he would like to return home some day.But developers seem to have over-built. Century initially planned apartments over 3,000 sqft on Bellary Road, priced between Rs 2.24 crore and Rs 3.19 crore. \"After a feasibility study, we found the appetite for large apartments was limited,\" said Ravindar Pai, MD, Century Real Estate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "surat/ahmedabad", "code": "12215375", "title": "Diamonds now a cut above gold?", "text": "SURAT/AHMEDABAD: When it comes to investing in precious metals, gold's glitter has remained the brightest. But diamonds are invading gold's sparkling bastion, given its spectacular performance over the past couple of years.Apart from being studded in gold, silver and platinum jewellery, diamonds are steadily becoming 'investing gems' in the country, especially among high net-worth individuals ( HNI ), who are wary of volatile gold prices.Despite a modest pullback last month, prices for polished diamonds increased by 25% in the past year, as new supplies were unable to keep up with strong demand, especially from India and China.Price of top-quality polished stones has almost reached an unprecedented $170,000 a carat in January.Aagam Sanghavi, director, Sanghavi Export, says, \"Diamond business worldwide has become more transparent than ever. Because of diamond certification, investors could the exact value of diamonds they are investing in. If you invest in 3 carat flawless round shaped diamonds, you would get around 10 to 15% returns in a year.\"Kaushik Mehta, a leading diamond jewellery manufacturer in Mumbai, says, \"Most of our clients buy high-quality diamonds ranging from 3-10 carats, which are very costly. Many keep it as investment. They book profits when prices appreciate.\"\"The polished diamond demand in the country is set to double by 2020 from the current $1.3 billion to $3 billion. Diamonds are also becoming a commodity for investment because there is no risk of price volatility as compared to gold.\"Polished diamonds continue to offer steady price appreciation of 5-6% per annum,\" says Sanjay Kothari, vice-chairman, Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12223043", "title": "NDA to add Subramanian Swamy's Janata Party as ally", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seeking to capitalise on the poor performance of Congress in the assembly polls, NDA today decided to add another partner to the alliance by taking in its fold Janata Party headed by Subramnian Swamy.The decision to include Janata Party as an ally was taken at a meeting of NDA floor leaders ahead of the Budget session at the residence of BJP veteran LK Advani here.\"Swamy was keen to join the alliance and had been meeting the NDA leaders,\" senior BJP leader SS Ahluwalia told reporters after the meeting.With this addition, the number of NDA allies will rise to six. The other five constituents of the combine are BJP, JD(U), Shiromani Akali Dal , Shiv Sena and Ramdas Athawale-led Republican Party of India (A).Athawale and Swamy were not part of the meeting as only floor leaders of the NDA were invited. The two parties have no representation in Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12214817", "title": "Man held for offering fake jobs at airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: A resident of Bahadurgarh, who was scouting for a job at IGI airport , was recently arrested by Delhi Police for cheating four people of about Rs 15,000 on the pretext of offering them jobs at the airport as well. Officials said the accused was operating independently and has no criminal record.Police sources said the accused Sripal, who introduced himself as Rajesh, pretended to call someone on his cellphone and offer them a job at the airport while he was standing close to the four men whom he tried to cheat. \"Md Shahnazar had come to Delhi with his friend Mursaleen and brother in-law Wasim from Muzaffarnagar to receive Shahnazar's brother Shahnawaz who had come from Saudi Arabia. Sripal was standing near them, pretending to offer a job to someone on the phone. The four asked him for help, at which point he said he was working at the airport and arranged for jobs for men who were Classes V, VIII and X pass,\" said an official.On March 3, Shahnazar and Mursaleen came to the airport and met Sripal to hand over Mursaleen's documents. The next day Sripal confirmed Mursaleen's job and asked for certificates of the other three. On March 6, the three met again and Sripal took photocopies of the remaining certificates. When the victims asked for a receipt, Sripal declined, said a cop.Shahnazar's suspicions were aroused and they hauled Sripal to the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12221033", "title": "I like to break the rules: Sangeetha", "text": "The actress of 'Pithamagan' fame, who was in the city to watch a special screening of \"Iron Lady\" on the occasion of International Women's Day at Brookefields, says she prefers playing unconventional roles\"I have played lead roles, supporting roles and also miniscule roles in my career so far, and have never been image conscious. I only take up roles that really appeal to me, and like to break the rules as an actress,\" Sangeetha says.Sangeetha says that the Telugu film 'Khadgam', where she played the role of an innocent village girl seeking a chance in films was her launchpad, which made her privy to the image of a celebrity, and it's associated insecurities.\"It was only in Khadgam that I learnt to project myself and carry off an image of a celebrity, which is very different from what I am in real life. I was also fortunate to act in Pithamagan along with my favourite co-stars Suriya and Vikram,\" she reveals.She also talks about the excellent understanding she shares with her husband, playback singer Krish.\"Krish is very simple and down-to-earth, loves me and respects my work as an actress, so much that he gets offended when people criticize my performances,\" she points out.Sangeetha lists out director Bala as her all-time favourite and role model.\"Bala sir is a fabulous director, and is one of the few to give talented newcomers a chance in his films. The fact that he has made films which are dark and disturbing, which have succeeded at the box office prove that he has revolutionized cinema through his unconventional depictions,\" she explains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12215379", "title": "Devotees throng Dehu on 'Tukaram Beej'", "text": "PUNE: Chants of 'Tukaram, Tukaram' filled the air, as lakhs of devotees thronged the temple town of Dehu on Saturday on the occasion of Tukaram Beej, the day when it is believed the renowned saint-poet Tukaram bodily ascended to Vaikunth, Lord Vishnu's heavenly abode.Devotees and pilgrims, known as warkaris, from all over the state had started reaching Dehu from Friday onwards. Discourses were held on the banks of the Indrayani river, as the night was spent singing bhajans and haripath.Early on Saturday morning, the warkaris took a holy bath in the Indrayani river. After smearing saffron and sandalwood paste on their foreheads and carrying saffron flags on their shoulders, the devotees started walking towards the Vaikunthgaman temple. It is believed that saint Tukaram ascended to heaven on an eagle (Guruda, Lord Vishnu's vahana or vehicle) from the spot where this temple is located.Earlier, Sant Tukaram Maharaj Devasthan president Shivaji More, along with Vishwajeet More and Balasaheb More, trustee of the Devasthan, performed puja at the main Vitthal Rukmini temple at 5 am. Haveli tehsildar Sandesh Shirke, MLA Bala Bhegade and Suhas Golande, member of Panchayat samiti, and others were present at the puja held at Sant Tukaram Shila mandir.The palanquin containing padukas of Saint Tukaram left from the main temple to the Vaikunthgaman temple. After the traditional afternoon discourse by Bapusaheb Dehukar, devotees showered flowers on the Nandurki tree near the Vaikunthgaman temple, as it is believed that the eagle carrying the plane sent by Vishnu to fetch Tukaram had touched the tree 363 years ago.Meanwhile, Avinash Hadgal, sub-divisional officer, Haveli, visited the Tukaram temple and assured that the Dehu Development Plan will be completed soon. The Devasthan trust, which oversees the day-to-day working of the temple, has installed closed circuit television cameras at the entrance of the temple. Kantilal Kalokhe, sarpanch, Dehu village, told TOI that proper arrangements were made to provide drinking water to the warkaris. \"We are also taking the help of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation in cleaning up the city to welcome the warkaris,\" he said.The authorities arranged 100 mobile toilet blocks and over 100 conservancy workers were deployed for keeping them clean. Lodging arrangements were also made for the warkaris. Over 500 policemen were on bandobast duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12224083", "title": "Tension prevails after abduction of girl", "text": "VARANASI: Tension prevailed in Sikhadi village under Kapsethi police station limits on Sunday morning when an angry mob of villagers raided Rajbhar locality in protest against kidnapping of a girl. According to reports, Babita (15), daughter of Dinanath Yadav of Sikhadi village, had gone to fields on Saturday evening when four motorcycle-borne miscreants, including one Vijay Rajbhar of the same village, terrorised the girl on gunpoint and forced her to sit on their motorcycle. The girl raised an alarm but the miscreants fled the scene with her. Dinanath and her family searched for the girl at all possible places but to no avail.Angered over the incident, dozens of people from Dinanath's locality reached the locality of Rajbhar. But before they could indulge in violence and arson, heavy police force reached the incident site. The cops somehow convinced the angry mob to return to their homes and sought two days time to rescue the girl and arrest the culprits. According to reports, Vijay had teased Babita a few days back after which her brother had visited Vijay's house to make a complaint. Angered over it, Vijay had reached Babita's house and threatened her family members. Thereafter, Babita's family had lodged an FIR against Vijay. Since then, Vijay was warning Babita's family either to withdraw the case or he would kidnap her.Man shot dead: Vinod Dubey (48), a native of Nuao village under Aurai police station limits in Bhadohi district, was shot dead by some unidentified miscreants when he was sleeping outside his house on Saturday night. The police were investigating the matter after sending the body for postmortem.Youth stabbed to death: Dashrath, a native of ward-VI under Sahatwar police station area in Ballia district, was stabbed to death by his one Sunil Kumar alias Munna. According to reports, Sunil and Dashrath were friends. On Saturday, Sunil had invited Dashrath on dinner. While consuming food, Sunil and Dashrath quarrelled. In the meantime, Sunil attacked Dashrath with a knife. On seeing it, Sunil's family member Anil Gupya tried to intervene and save Dashrath. But in this bid, he also sustained injuries. Both of them were rushed to the district hospital where, on seeing sharp deterioration in the health condition of Dashrath, the doctors referred him to Varanasi. But Dashrath succumbed to injuries during treatment at a Varanasi hospital on Sunday morning. Police arrested Sunil in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12214985", "title": "Bloom time in Garden City", "text": "Summer is scorching the city, but there is a silver lining. Bangalore may be fast losing the Garden City tag, thanks to the large-scale felling of trees, yet our streets will have some colour in the months to come. While some of the city's flowering trees are already in bloom, with shades of bright yellow, light pink and light purple dotting the streets, lakes and parks, the shades of colour are only going to intensify.Most Bangaloreans take pride in the city's sequentially flowering trees, but not many know that the credit for this should go to one man -- German botanist and garden designer Gustav Hermann Krumbiegel. He is best known for his work in designing Lalbagh and planning the city's tree-lined avenues.Krumbiegel joined the Mysore State Service in 1908 as curator of the Botanical Gardens in Lalbagh. As a result of the merger of various parks and gardens, hill stations and other horticultural establishments into the department of government gardens, Krumbiegel's position was elevated to the superintendent's post, and subsequently, to the post of director of horticulture.He served the state for 25 years as economic botanist to the government till his retirement in 1932. After his retirement, he settled in Bangalore and worked as 'landscape advisor' to the state of Mysore, till his death in 1956. He was laid to rest in this city.\"The Bangalore of Krumbiegel was a fertile lab to experiment with harnessing nature and experimenting with trees that could be imported, acclimatized and nurtured to become part of the local landscape,\" said Suresh Jayaram, visual artist and art historian, who curated a multimedia exhibition on Krumbiegel's life and work in 2010, titled 'Whatever he touched, he adorned'.Krumbiegel's concept of 'serial blossoming' ensures that the city always has at least one variety of tree that is in bloom. The 'tree of gold' or Tabebuia Argentea, which hails from tropical America, is one of the early bloomers colouring the city with its bright yellow flowers. Another brush of yellow comes from the yellow silk cotton or 'arasinabooruga', which is commonly found in South India. Adding a dash of pink to the city is the Tabebuia Rosea or Pink Poui, which has its origins in Mexico, Venezuela and Ecuador.\"In the historical context, Krumbiegel inherited the legacy of the British who had charted out a programmed expansion plan to harness nature and make Bangalore the epicentre. Experimenting with economic botany and city aesthetics was a passion for Krumbiegel,\" said Jayaram.Queen's Flower, commonly know as hole dasayala, which is common in countries such as Ceylon, Burma, Australia and China, used to once adorn the boulevard on MG Road, colouring the area with its flowers that varied in shades of pink and purple.S Karthikeyan, an avid birdwatcher and wildlife enthusiast, captured the many flowering beauties of Krumbiegel's Bangalore in a detailed compilation 'The flowering trees of Bangalore'. Karthikeyan's work is available for all to see on his website, wildwanderer.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12215442", "title": "Gurgaon moms take to heels to stay healthy", "text": "Running is their passion and they have inspired many moms in the city to wake up early in the morning to join them for a fun run and keep themselves fit as well.City residents Deepa Krishnan and Tanuja Sodhi have formed a \"women only\" running group which meets on the first Sunday of every month for a 5km run at the Leisure Valley Park in Gurgaon.Krishnan explained: \"We are actually part of a running group called the 'Runbugs', which has both men and women. When Sodhi and I came up with the idea of forming a Gurgaon 'moms' running group', we were amply supported by the running club Runbugs, the members of which have been present at all our events - cheering, motivating and ensuring the safety of the women. Running as a sport has caught up quite significantly in Gurgaon in the past one year.\"However, Krishnan lamented that the city has few women runners, even today. \"The streets of Gurgaon are not at all safe for women to run solo and freely without attracting unwanted attention. Several women are also hesitant and apprehensive to come out and start running as a fitness activity on their own. That is how the idea of starting a women's-only running club germinated. Our aim is to get as many women as possible to come out and run for fun and fitness. The Facebook group, 'Gurgaon Moms', gave us the right platform to launch this initiative,\" she added.Both Krishnan and Sodhi are fitness enthusiasts who have participated in several running events in the past. They started the \"Gurgaon Moms Running Group\" in January this year. It is a monthly non-competitive event, held on the first Sunday of every month for the convenience of working women as well.There is no registration process and all that is required is to just show up and participate.\"We organize these runs around Leisure Valley Park in Gurgaon for the sake of convenience. But we do hope to explore other areas in the future. Since this run is meant to encourage beginners, we had aimed a 'Couch to 5km' target. We hope to increase the distance gradually to about 10km in the coming months. Sodhi is a certified Reebok trainer and is a fitness consultant. In addition to that, all our Runbugs volunteers are seasoned marathon runners,\" added Krishnan, a mother of one.In order to add an element of excitement, most of the runs are associated with different themes. The February run was a \"Valentine's Fun Run\" where participants turned up wearing red workout gear, while the March run was dedicated to International Women's Day.Krishnan said: \"Running is one of the easiest fitness activities one can engage in. All it requires is a decent pair of sneakers and some determination to start with. The response to our recent run in March, where 30 girls showed up, is a proof of the kind of enthusiasm the club has generated. We are confident of the numbers growing in the future.\"The group's aim is to create a community, where girls and women of all ages and fitness levels can meet and enjoy this sport together.\"The distance we aim to cover varies from 3km to 5km. It's more of a run-jog-walk routine based on the physical condition of the participant. We have a wonderful group of volunteers who are always around to ensure that every runner is encouraged and motivated to complete the run smoothly,\" Krishnan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12224554", "title": "1 nabbed with fake currency in Ramgarh", "text": "RAMGARH: Police have nabbed one Mohammed Jahid of Muzaffarpur with Rs 3.97 lakh of fake currency on Sunday from the old bus stand area here. Ramgarh SP Anish Gupta said a team of police officials nabbed Jahid with bundles of currency of Rs 1000 and Rs 500, which was given by one Bittu of Asansol in West Bengal. However, Bittu managed to escape. \"Jahid was a regular visitor to Ramgarh for circulating fake currency in the market, which was provided by Bittu,\" said the SP.DC order on smoking zones: Dhanbad deputy commissioner S K Barnwal has asked the owners of hotels and restaurants to open smoking zones on their premises and asked police to enforce Cigarettes and Other Tobaco Products Regulation Act, 2003, near educational institutions.Barnwal said it has been found that cigarettes shops are operating near the educational insitutions. They should be shifted at least 100 feet away, he directed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216763", "title": "Water supply may get better this summer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If things go as per the plan, this summer is not going to be so harsh, as city residents will get more potable water.The engineering wing of municipal corporation has commissioned two underground reserve water tanks, which will receive tertiary treated water from their plant in Mohali. This water will now be used for irrigating parks, saving 6 to 8 MGD of potable water on a daily basis. The authorities expect that the quantity of water saved will reach 12 MGD per day by June, as two more tanks will start functioning by then.The commissioned tanks in sectors 29 and 48 are supplying water to various big gardens of the city and to some schools.Confirming the development, RC Diwan, superintendent engineer of public health wing of the MC, said, We have commissioned two underground reserve water tanks. With this we are saving 6 to 8 MGD of potable water and giving tertiary treated water to almost 70% big parks of the city, like Rajinder Park and Leisure Valley. The saved water will be used for drinking purposes. We are hopeful that we won't get much complaints of water scarcity in coming summer season.\"At present, Chandigarh is getting 64 MGD from Kajauli canal and generating 20 MGD water through tubewells and thus providing 84 MGD water to the residents. But the quantity is not sufficient and in summer, requirement goes up to 100 MGD. Residents of southern part of the city have to suffer most as the area is densely populated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12216927", "title": "Students smile their way to convocation", "text": "LUDHIANA: Fifty five graduates and 25 postgraduate students were awarded degrees at the annual convocation of Christian Medical College, Christian Dental College, College of Nursing and College of Physiotherapy, Ludhiana, on Saturday amid traditional grandeur. Geetika Gera, Sebastian Marker, Asha Thomas, Devki Verma, Cynthia Sarah Mathews, Shrutika Gupta, Jenni Mariam George, Jibi John, Jincy Mariya Paul were among prominent prize winners.Dr Midhila Baby won the gold medal for best intern while Dr Shubdha Garg was awarded Dr Jaswant Kaur Gill Memorial award for best outgoing medical resident and Dr Supriya Sen awarded Dr Abraham G Thomas award for the best outgoing resident in surgery.The Association of Medical Alumni gave Lifetime Achievement award to Dr Patience Williams. Dr V K Satija Award for Best Clinical Teacher went to Dr Nitin Batra while batch of 1976 Excellence in Teaching Award went to Dr Bobby John. Rejul K Raj was awarded Alumni Prize for Best All-round Graduate.As many as 58 BSc nursing graduates and 23 MSc nursing post-graduates were awarded the degrees too. Gurwinder Kaur, BSc Nursing 1st year, Damanpreet Kaur, BSc Nursing 2nd year, Navpreet Kaur, BSc, Nursing 3rd year, Shefali Singla, BSc Nursing 4th year, secured 1st position in the college.Gigi M George secured first position in BSc Nursing Aggregate. Amrinder Kaur, MSc Nursing, 1st year and Sukhbir Kaur, MSc, Nursing 2nd year, stood first in the college. Sukhbir Kaur ranked first in MSc Nursing Aggregate. Special prizes were awarded to Shefali Singla for Best Community Health Nurse, Twinkle Mary Paul and Gigi M George for Best Bed Side nurse and Achsah T Thampi was awarded for the All Round Best Student Nurse.There were 40 BDS and 4 MDS graduates to receive their degrees, while 5 students received gold medals. Ashima Razdan was topper in the final professional BDS examination.375 graduate from Devki Devi JainAs many as 375 degrees were awarded during convocation at Devki Devi Jain Memorial College on Saturday. The graduates belonged to arts, commerce and computer applications courses, apart from those pursuing MA (history and Hindi), MSc (IT) and PGDCA. Eighteen students made the institution proud by registering their names in the book of roll of honour for excellent performance in various fields. Principal Surinder Dua highlighted the achievements of students in different fields during the session 2010-11 and appreciated the role of teachers and management in the success of the college.Ishatpreet, Kamaldeep get role of honourMalwa Central College of Education for Women, Civil Lines, organized the 55th annual convocation on Saturday during which 241 BEd and 34 MEd students were awarded the degrees. The role of honour was presented to Ishatpreet for standing first in the college and second in Panjab University's MEd examination. Kamaldeep Kaur was awarded the role of honour for standing first in the college in BEd examination of Panjab University. More than 100 academic prizes and 10 medals were given to degree holders for their achievements in various subjects and fields. College principal Ravinder Kaur presented the annual report and highlighted the achievements of the college during session 2011-2012. An exhibition of fashion articles was also organized by the students of Malwa institute of professional Studies and services for Women.51 awardedThe annual convocation of Dayanand Medical College and Hospital was held on Saturday in Dumra auditorium with traditional grandeur and gaiety. Fifty one medical graduates of the MBBS batch 2006 were awarded degrees and prizes. The chief guest was chairman, Board of Governors, Medical Council of India, Dr K K Talwar. The convocation began with the welcome address by dean academics, Dr Rajoo Singh Chhina.Principal Dr Daljit Singh read out the annual report of the college and highlighted the achievements and progress made by the faculty and various departments in the last one year. Appreciating the progress made by DMCH, Dr Talwar said the institute, with its graduate, post-graduate and super-speciality programmes, is one of the most prestigious medical institutions of the region.President of DMCH Managing Society Sunil Kant Munjal congratulated the graduates and asked them to fulfil their duty with utmost dedication and within the limits of medical ethics.Vice-principal Dr Jagdeep Whig administered the Hippocratic Oath to the fresh graduates before presenting them their degrees. The gold medal for the best graduate was presented to Dr Bhandari Gurbir Singh and the silver medal to Dr Avreen Singh Shah. The Best All-rounder and Best Intern awards also went to Dr Avreen Sigh Shah. The chief guest awarded 70 prizes and 17 medals to students of various batches.Model Town resident 24-year-old Dr Avreen Singh Shah, an MBBS of 2006 batch, said, ''It feels good to have been rewarded for hard work. I am happy and the credit for this goes to the Almighty, my parents Dr B S Shah and mother Parminder Kaur Shah, apart from other family members, teachers and friends.''End of sessionThe academic session at Ramgarhia Girls College, Miller Ganj, came to end on a holy note on Saturday. The function started with the recital of 'kirtan' by the students of music department. After the 'bhog' of Sehaj Path, 'granthis' from Golden Temple talked on the role of Gurbani in leading a life of principles. Principal Narinder Sandhu was delighted to award prizes to the winners of inter-class competitions of home science, fine arts and quiz.The function came to an end with 'langar' in the college lawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "12216946", "title": "Hunting for a hole-in-one", "text": "CIVIL LINES: In 1970, Tejinder Deol's father sent him to study a subject that required him to rack his brains every day converting a piece of paper, two U-shaped magnets and some wires into an audio speaker. When the electrical circuit boards troubled him, the then 19-year-old engineering student scat to a golf course.After a hard day's work, golf provided the teenager the much-needed zeal to deal with the tiny capacitors, diodes and inductors. Heavy theories of physics became a pushover and Tejinder took a sting out of them, landing himself a cushy job two years later.After a successful 35-year stint with PSEB from where he retired in 2009, the pensioner who stays in Civil Lines says he is taking on another battle on his chin. ''It's the search to score the elusive hole-in-one,'' smiles the 62-year-old golfer. It's a hunt that lands him at Phillaur five days a week, along with three other old golfers.Tejinder Deol, who started playing golf as a teen, says he has enjoyed a good life thanks to golf. \"Now, it's my second innings. Time for payback,'' he says. With a minimum of five to six hours every day, toiling on the greens doesn't bother his old legs much. Caddies and carts come to his rescue. ''I have this battery operated cart. I bought this one for Rs 1.5 lakh,'' he says.But, there was a time when he had to scrimp and save to pursue his passion, he insists. ''I had a meagre monthly salary of Rs 625 those days. From which I bought membership for Chandigarh Golf Club for just Rs 200 and Phillaur Golf Club for Rs 100,'' he says, adding that a book on golf coaching, 'Teach Yourself Golf' by J C Jessop was arranged at Rs 450 that was collected over 11 months.When he began to participate in championships in neighbouring cities, a good kit became a necessity. ''Those days we couldn't buy anything in Punjab. My first kit was a secondhand Sam Snead that I bought from a golfer in Delhi for Rs 3,000 in 1979. Then in early 80s, I bought another Wilson LT 1200 from a cousin in Hong Kong,'' he recollects.Trophies and cups won with those kits still adorn the furniture in his house. From Will's and Panthers to a Captain's Cup announcing that he's the first civilian to win the golf tournament in a competition for armymen, they are his coveted ornaments.Although Deol doesn't play professional tournaments anymore, he makes a point to explore international courses while visiting his US-settled son, another electrical engineer in the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216817", "title": "Maharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University without a VC again", "text": "NAGPUR: The city-based Maharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University (Mafsu) has once again been left in the lurch with its vice chancellor CS Prasad suddenly quitting the post on Saturday. He has taken up the director's post at an institute in his hometown Bangalore.Prasad was Mafsu VC for hardly a year as he had taken over only on May 16 last year. Though the decision has come as surprise to his juniors, TOI learns that he was always keen to go to Bangalore for personal reasons. Before coming to Nagpur, Prasad was the additional director general of animal sciences in the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) in New Delhi.Even before taking over as Mafsu VC, Prasad had applied for the director's post at the National Institute of Animal Nutrition and Physiology (NIANP) at Bangalore. Comparatively, the VC's post was more prestigious.\"Though the VC's post is more important, money and post at this stage does not matter much to me. I want to be with my family. My daughter got married last year and my wife is living with my younger daughter. Neither my family nor I am comfortable in this situation. I also had health problems due to working late hours,\" said Prasad before leaving for Bangalore on Saturday evening.Prasad claims that he has already bailed out the university from most of its problems and set it on the right track by bringing enough funding from various fronts. The ICAR too has warmed up to the Mafsu faculty for better academic and research work.The decision to leave was not an easy one. \"Except for some ongoing inquiries I have left no administrative jobs half done. I solved the issue of probation, started new courses, new programmes and held the convocation without any trouble. The research council meeting was held and a farmers' hostel started in my tenure,\" said Prasad.The VC had informed the governor about the Bangalore offer about 3-4 days back. But he was relieved only on Friday at 9pm. Prasad handed over charge to divisional commissioner BV Gopala Reddy on Saturday morning. The DC told TOI that it would take another 3-4 months to appoint a new VC.Prasad knew that the post at NIANP would become vacant only after March 1 with the director's retirement. So he informed the governor's office about his appointment immediately after he was offered the new assignment by ICAR, his parent organization.\"A majority of the Mafsu people are very good, honest and hard working. I have created a research atmosphere and positive work culture in the university and affiliated colleges. I am sure the university will move ahead in right direction even without my help,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12223935", "title": "Mukul Roy to visit Imphal for TMC wing leader selection", "text": "IMPHAL: To oversee the selection of the Manipur unit Trinamool Congress (TMC) legislature wing leader, the party's national leader Mukul Roy will visit Imphal very soon.TMC, which grabbed seven seats in the recently held election, is one of the key members of the People's Democratic Alliance (PDA), a newly formed opposition front of eleven non-Congress parties. Of the seven victorious TMC candidates, three of them - Khumukcham Joykishan, Oinam Lukhoi and Thongam Bishwajit -are first time winners, while sitting MLA of the same party K Sharat Singh won in the by-election in February last year. Other winners who are also sitting legislators - Irengbam Ibohalbi and Th Shyamkumar - had won on MPP tickets in the 2007 polls. Former minister Maibam Kunjo is the senior most legislators among the seven TMC legislators. \"We hope a consensus will be brought in the selection process,\" said Manipur unit TMC vice president Sougaijam Prioykumar.Since TMC won the highest number of seats among the opposition parties , the opposition leader of the assembly could be selected from the party, political analysts said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12224121", "title": "Migrants pillars of state's development, says Modi", "text": "SURAT: Chief minister Narendra Modi said, \"Development of Gujarat has taken place due to the hard work put in by labourers belonging to other states, particularly in textiles and construction sectors.\"Addressing a 'mahasammelan' of north Indians at Limbayat here on Sunday, he described migrant workers as pillars of development of the state. Calling Surat, a mini India, the chief minister said, \"Migrants are my ambassadors as they go and talk about Gujarat's development in their native states. They are the ones who talk of peace and brotherhood and this has ignited the growth mechanism in Gujarat.\"Modi said, \"Many multi-national companies are coming to our country looking for business opportunities. They choose Gujarat as this is the only state which provides them a business friendly environment. We don't have labour problems, don't have strikes.\"The chief minister came down heavily on the centre on its decision of banning cotton exports. \"Now, they are thinking of lifting the ban but what about the losses that the farmers have incurred in the past ten days? Central Government's anti-farmer policy has hurt Gujarat's farmers,\" he said.A large crowd had gathered to hear Modi at the venue. However, majority of them were not north Indian migrants but Maharastrians who stay in Limbayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216150", "title": "300 pledge to eradicate Hepatitis B", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Leading international and national hepatologists from 18 countries joined hands on Saturday, with other medical professionals, nursing students and public to sign an appeal to the government of India to help eradicate Hepatitis B from India. Around 300 people participated in the drive which was spearheaded by Dr Arvind Sahni, organizer of the three-day international summit held in city.Explaining the rationale for the drive against Hepatitis B, Dr Sahni said, There are 40-50 million chronic Hepatitis B carriers in India and the number is increasing rapidly. A very large number of deaths take place every year because of Liver Cirrhosis and Liver Cancer caused by Hepatitis B. The tragic part is that Hepatits B can easily be prevented by ensuring that each child is given three doses of vaccination.He adds, At present, four out of five babies do not get the three vaccinations. Our plea to the government is to take this issue up on a war-footing and create a movement quite like the Pulse Polio programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12215004", "title": "Lost Uttar Pradesh minor sparks flesh trade fears", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 10-year-old girl from Uttar Pradesh roaming in Juhapura on Saturday led to speculation that she might have been lured into prostitution. She was then taken to Vejalpur police station. The police then solved the mystery as her local guardian searching for her also approached the police station at the same time. After verifying the facts, the police handed the girl over to the guardian and ordered to send her home.Talking about the incident, J H Jalu, inspector of Vejalpur police station, told TOI that the community leaders at Juhapura observed a 10-year-old girl roaming around in the area banging on the doors of residents. They initially thought her as one of the beggars and offered her food. When she declined it and repeatedly told them to take her home, they took her seriously and took her to police station thinking she could be a victim of flesh trade.\"When Asma, the girl, came here, another youth identified as Hamid Khan Pathan, also came searching for her with her photograph in hand. We then asked him to explain.He told us that Asma is a native of Sitapur near Gorakhpur and is the daughter of a domestic help at his wife's residence. When Pathan's wife conceived a child, Asma tagged along to help her out and it was decided that she would be back after a month when his wife was to return,\" said Jalu.Then why did she try to escape? Investigators said that Asma's elder sister was to marry later this month and she wanted to attend the wedding. However, Pathan refused to take her and asked her to wait for some time before they can return to Sitapur. This did not go down well with her and she left home.\"We are keeping an eye on Pathan and have ordered him to take her to her native as soon as possible,\" said Jalu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12218176", "title": "A musical evening at The Park, Kolkata", "text": "Any day is a good day for music. In keeping with this thought, Someplace Else at The Park was chock-a-block with music lovers on Monday.Reason? Melbourne-based singer-songwriter Noah Earp was there to belt out his own songs that had enthusiasts sit up and take note.Bumpy aka Mainak Nag Chowdhury, who released his second Kendraka album on Sunday, was back on stage with a separate set of musicians. \"Noah's music falls in the same bracket as Coldplay and Leonard Cohen . His songs are extremely interesting and even if I was tired with the Kendraka tour, the music had me hooked on,\" Bumpy said. Coming to his own music, Bumpy added that even if Kendraka has a touch of classical music with overtones of jazz, he is not ready to call it a fusion band. \"We've been singing the new songs since last July and obviously then, the album received tremendous response in most cities that we visited as part of the tour,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "10768359", "title": "To marry or not to marry...a divorcee!", "text": "There was a sweet silence in the house. Kids were away for a vacation and the domestic help was out of sight.I was busy arranging the champagne glasses to celebrate the romantic evening, my wife surfed TV channels in the meanwhile. The moment of 'cheers' was not far away when she shrieked \"Arvind, do you remember how much we loved this TV show?\"Anurag was the new husband she had married after she divorced Arvind years back. This inadvertent forgetfulness left the rest of the evening hostage to an awkward silence.Second marriages in India are ridden with complexities hard to rationalise sometimes. Marrying a divorcee is a tough proposition, but does it always conclude in bitterness?Do/Can we trust each other?Trust is the building block of the institution of marriage. Dr. Kamal Khurana, Relationship Coach at Purple Alley Institute of Relationships, Delhi, explains: \"In a marriage where one or both partners are divorced, the couple has to deal with blame games, suspicion and contempt.\"Research shows that 75 per cent of second marriages can end up with couples seeking another divorce in the first two years. Second marriages are more vulnerable and fall prey to a web of hostility and quick separation.Things can get worse if infidelity is the cause behind the first divorce. Elucidates Dr Kamal Khurana: \"There was a case where the husband felt that his divorced wife wanted to patch up with her ex and was not clear of her emotions for either of the men.\" The fear of illicit relations born out of dissatisfaction in the second marriage puts the divorced under constant scrutiny of the other partner.\"The present partner in that case suffers from paranoia and an over-possessive behaviour towards the divorcee he/she has chosen to settle down with,\" adds Dr. Bhavna Barmi, psychologist and marital therapist.Dumping the emotional baggageFor a clean slate beginning, the past needs to be wiped off; otherwise the marital union stands at risk. Comparisons with ex-partners are detrimental to a positive development of the second marriage. It is not easy to replace a new face with the old, but an attempt to look for similar qualities or traits in your new life partner can be pressing. Dr. Khurana says, \"Loving and respecting the individuality of your current partner will help the marriage flourish.\"Bhavna Barmi speaks of an interesting case where a divorced man with kids was not ready to marry a divorced woman because he was insecure that the new mother, (p.s. without kids) would not be able to accept his children fully. Says she: \"As the man came from the high end of society, he wished to marry someone without marital history, and thought it easy to come his way, thanks to his affluent status.\"The apprehension of a past getting carried forward to the present makes a lot of individuals wary of tying the knot with a divorcee.So are these marriages based on 'love' or utilitarian in character?Gender psyche is not an easy study. The above case for example shows us men's psyche which fails to distinguish between a wife and a governess. Psychologist Bhavna Barmi and Sociologist Reeta Brara feel that \"men are self-centred and more often than not try to find surrogate mothers for their child that does not promise a healthy husband-wife relationship.\"However this is not a universal conclusion. Even if the second marriage begins on a contractual note of an immediate need, it cannot hold for long without love and affection. \"It has to grow into affection and respect for each other; strengthening the emotional bond between the spouses,\" adds Dr. Bhavna.Will society accept your marriage?There is still a stigma attached with an individual's 'divorced' status in the matrimonial market. Families and friends perceive them as 'second hand merchandise'.After suffering an abusive marriage, Reena, 38, gathered courage to move out of her first marriage and begin a new life with another man. She was happy but her new in-laws could not accept her. She laments, \"My in-laws feel that I may lodge a police complaint anytime, the way I did in the first marriage. They are a little apprehensive towards me.\"Many a times it happens that someone who gets married to a divorcee faces adjustment issues in a social circuit that hesitates to change loyalties with the earlier partner and perceives the current with resentment and hostile behaviour. As a new member he/she gets subjected to embarrassment and neglect.From a 'nuclear' to 'unclear' familyAsha Prabhakar, aged 52, government employee and a mother of two entered a new alliance 12 years back and was content, until the time her kids (from first marriage) grew up to a level of maturity and wisdom. \"My kids have never addressed their new father as dad. I married him out of love but my kids could not see another dad in him. There is still resentment and I don't know how to resolve it.\"Family scenario is such that the mother has lost all authority over her children. Dr. Khurana says, \"The wife has to go through a period of agony in such cases. Kids would call their father by first name to register their objection to the marriage.\"Reeta calls this trend a movement from \"nuclear family to 'unclear' family\" where kids from other parents find it difficult to adjust with new parents. She, however, believes that second marriages need not be strenuous all the time. \"There are remedies too. Send the kids to boarding school/hostels or grandparents' place. This way the present matrimonial phase can develop into a stronger bond.\"The day our mindset nurtures positive thoughts and learns to be receptive with a changed outlook, things would definitely change for better.ipshita.mitra@indiatimes.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12216721", "title": "Allahabad gets Duranto Express", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The much awaited Allahabad-Mumbai Duranto Express will be flagged off from Lokmanya Tilak Terminus on Sunday. The announcement of this train was made in the last year's Railway Budget.The train will be bi-weekly and depart from Allahabad every Tuesday and Saturday at 7:30pm and terminate at Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT) the next day at 2:50pm. The train will leave Lokmanya Tilak Terminus every Monday and Friday at 5:25pm and reach Allahabad next day at 12:25pm. The train will comprise one AC first class, three AC-II, eight AC-III coaches and one pantry car.Train number 1093 Lokmanya Tilak-Allahabad AC Duranto Express super fast special will depart from LTT at 11:25am and reach Allahabad next day at 9:50am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12215699", "title": "Polls kept civic body busy; roads, drains in a mess", "text": "NOIDA: With no fresh work undertaken by Noida Authority in the past two months because of the Assembly elections, residents complain that roads, parks and drains at major localities have been lying in a state of disrepair. In addition, election to the new management committee of the federation of RWAs is pending. This has caused the organization to become a time-barred body which has no say regarding the needs of citizens.\"Routine civic works in several sectors of the city are pending. Roads, parks and drains have escaped the Authority's attention because of its pre-occupation with the elections,\" said president of the federation of Noida RWAs, N P Singh. \"We want the Authority to take up these issues as soon as the new government assumes power in Lucknow,\" added Singh.Several civic works in the city are lying incomplete - some at peak locations - causing inconvenience to commuters. The main road in Sector 18 has been dug up for months and the broken drain at Naya Bans is awaiting repair for over a year.RWAs complain that they have lost all say in putting forth their demands since their federation became a time-barred body. The former government kept pushing the elections to its management committee, they rue. \"All civic work that affects the lives of residents should be carried out in consultation with them,\" said Singh. \"But for a long time now, we haven't been able to voice our opinion. The developmental work that is undertaken, is carried out without consulting us,\" said Singh.Residents say that the Registrar of Firms, Societies and Chits in Meerut has not been conducting elections to the new management committee of the body since over a year. The last management committee of FONRWA was elected on July 31, 2008 and its two-year tenure ended in 2010. Repeated pleas by the body to conduct elections have been ignored.\"We will meet the registrar next week,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12214729", "title": "Poll debacle: Congress to revamp state unit", "text": "PANAJI: After tasting defeat in the recent assembly election, the Congress party has decided to revamp the entire state unit by next week.Speaking to STOI, All India Congress Committee general secretary Sudhakar Reddy said, \"We have to reorganize the entire party and the process will start by next week.\"Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar said that he will leave for Delhi next week to discuss the Congress' defeat with the party high command and necessary decisions will be taken thereafter.Reddy said that they will also hold the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) meeting in Goa next week to elect the CLP leader. \"We are waiting and watching the BJP-led government to see how it is going to fulfill the assurances of building the Calvim bridge, petrol price reduction and other promises which they have given to the people of Goa,\" Reddy said.Sources in the Congress said that the party will appoint a new president. \"The party will have a new look,\" sources said.The elections saw the Congress reducing its strength in the assembly from 20 MLAs to nine MLAs. Out of 11 cabinet ministers, eight ministers of the Congress-NCP alliance were defeated on March 6.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12216624", "title": "Shop employee steals 19L jewellery, caught on camera", "text": "MUMBAI: An employee stole diamond jewellery worth Rs 19.5 lakh from a Vile Parle jewellery shop recently.The act was captured on CCTV cameras installed in the shop; the Vile Parle police registered a case against the accused Ramesh Choudhary, on Friday. Choudhary is absconding. Parag Chheda runs the shop and had hired Choudhary a few months ago.On Friday, he found some ornaments missing and decided to check the CCTV footage. While examining last week's footage, Chheda found Choudhary putting something in his pocket at 9:20pm on Wednesday in one of the footages. Choudhary had not reported to work ever since he committed the crime, cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214769", "title": "Girl dies in slum inferno in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A nine-year-old girl died and five others suffered burns in a major fire that ravaged nearly 500 hutments at Sainagar of LB Nagar on Saturday afternoon.One of the injured, Srinivas (22), suffered severe burns and is said to be in a critical condition. Three others, who were rushed to nearby private hospitals, complained of suffocation and minor injuries. One of them, however, refused to be treated, EMRI sources said.At around 3 pm, a fire broke out in the Sainagar hutments. With people running helter-skelter, nine-year-old M Sandhya, a Standard IV student of a private school in Musheerabad, ran into her dwelling and bolted the door from inside. Within minutes, the leaping flames enveloped the hut. She used to stay with her relatives and attend school. The young student went home for Holi, but the holiday ended on a tragic note.Apart from claiming a life, the fire gutted nearly 500 hutments which came up on government land. Not just their homes, the close to 700 workers, who lived in the area, lost their belongings, including vessels, beddings and other household things, in the mishap.According to sources, the victims were given shelter at the nearby Shiva function hall.While fire officials present at the site said that the actual cause of fire was yet to be ascertained, preliminary investigations hinted at a cylinder leak. Some even claimed that the fire started due to a short-circuit.\"Investigations are on and we will soon know the actual cause,\" Ranga Reddy district fire officer P Mohan Reddy said. Fire tenders were sent from Secunderabad, Moula Ali, Malakpet, Hayatnagar, Gowliguda, Musheerabad and Malkajgiri. Post the operation, two fire tenders were stationed at the site in case of any emergency.A case under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) was registered at the LB Nagar police station following the incident.Apart from Ranga Reddy collector V Seshadri, other local leaders visited the site. The district administration announced Rs 1.5 lakh ex gratia for the victim's family and Rs 8,000 for people rendered homeless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12215141", "title": "Modi lavishes poll-eve sadbhavana on women sarpanches", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With election in mind, chief minister Narendra Modi assured the 831 women sarpanches that if they wanted to accomplish any project, funds will not be a constraint.Modi on Saturday felicitated the women sarpanches. Incentives worth Rs 22.50 crore were given away to these sarpanches on Saturday.Modi said women in villages have already proved their leadership prowess by effectively managing water distribution work through WASMO and by being successful in dairy and animal husbandry industry.\"All credit for the white revolution in the state goes to the women in the villages who took good care of cattle which brought in white revolution,\" said Modi. \"Today the entire nation drinks milk from Gujarat.\"He said that the role of the sarpanch has to now change. The women sarpanches should not only ensure that each house has toilets, but should also see to it that the girls in the village are educated. The sarpanches should take rounds in the morning and ensure that no one disposes of garbage on the road, he said.Modi also said that women have all the strengths required to bring grassroots changes in villages. They should feel like the chief ministers or prime ministers of their area and should effectively manage the panchayat administration.He even called upon the women sarpanches to live by the trust the village people reposed on them by effectively handling the panchayat administration. They should make sure that all the money allocated for the village is used for the welfare works. As many as 250 village panchayats have become all-women samras panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12224186", "title": "Villagers block NH for killer's arrest", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Angry villagers of Gaipahari in Tuiyo panchayat gheraoed the local Barkatha police station and blocked NH-2 between Barhi and Bagodar for four hours, demanding the arrest of Sahdeo Yadav's killer.According to the mukhiya of the Tuiyo panchayat, Suryu Yadav, the 24-year-old victim was beaten near the farm of one Gokul Yadav of the same village on February 22. Immediately after finding the victim in serious condition, the villagers took him to a local hospital from where he was taken to RIMS. However, Sahdeo succumbed to his injuries at the RIMS on Tuesday.On Sunday, the villagers shouted slogans against the Barkatha OC for his alleged failure to initiate any action against the culprits. On getting information about the blockade and the gherao of the police station, Barhi SDPO Ratneshwar Thakur along with BDO Sandeep Kumar and CO Yogesh Prasad reached the place and heard the grievances of the angry villagers. They assured them that action would be taken against the culprits once the police formalities were over. SP Pankaj Kamboj said, \"Police have registered a case on basis of the complaint of Basudeo Yadav, brother of the victim. Once police get all details, action will be taken against the guilty persons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12216610", "title": "BJD open to backing Independent in RS polls", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Before the opposition Congress and BJP could make any move, the ruling BJD has publicly aired a rare proposal that it is not averse to sending an Independent member to the Rajya Sabha. The idea has been mooted by none other than BJD MP Pyari Mohan Mohapatra, who has successfully clinched electoral successes for the party over the years.\"There should be no hassle in electing a person of eminence to the Rajya Sabha, who is not connected to any political party. If any initiative is taken in this direction, the BJD will consider this with an open mind,\" Mohapatra told TOI.\"This is, however, my personal opinion,\" he said. Three Rajya Sabha seats from Odisha are falling vacant soon, for which elections are scheduled on March 30. Nomination papers would be available from Monday. The Congress has 27 members in the 147-member house, while the BJP has six.Given the BJD's brute majority of 103 members, the party has no problem in sending two members to the RS, securing a minimum 37 first preference votes for each. This leaves the BJD with 29 surplus votes, not enough to have its third candidate elected. The party in the 2010 elections in a similar situation had got its third candidate through, banking upon its electoral allies, NCP (4 votes) and CPI (one vote) and ensuring that two members from the Congress and one from BJP remained absent.Talks are doing the rounds that the BJD is not confident of getting the full support of either the NCP or the CPI. Hence, the party came up with this strategy. This does not sound far from logic as in the last Rajya Sabha elections the Congress and BJP could not decide a consensus candidate though there were several attempts, particularly by civil society groups, to field somebody. Finally, one Tararanjan Patnaik, arich businessman, became an Independent candidate, who for all practical purposes was seen as a Congress candidate. Patnaik's candidature was not to the liking of many in both Congress and BJP camps.All this helped the BJD get its third candidate through, but not without being accused of resorting to horse-trading. Sources said the BJD is keen on avoiding the controversy this time.\"We have shown a rare gesture by offering to support an Independent candidate. Now it is up to the opposition parties to decide. In case they fail to take a consensus decision, we will have no option but to field our third candidate,\" said a BJD functionary. When told about the allegation of horse-trading during the last elections, Mohapatra blamed the opposition. \"The opposition is responsible for the kind of candidate they fielded last time. There was dissension in their parties,\" he said. \"While selecting an Independent candidate the BJD has to be taken into confidence. We have the number, one has to respect it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12214620", "title": "Wait at booking offices on CR line to get shorter", "text": "MUMBAI: If all goes according to plan, commuters on Central Railway (CR) will not have to spend more than five minutes at booking windows to purchase tickets as officials plan to double the number of Automatic Ticket Vending Machines (ATVM) and enroll more centres under Jansadharan Ticket Booking Scheme (JTBS) soon.A senior CR official said, \"On an average, a commuter spends around 15 minutes in the queue at suburban booking office windows. The time spent is even more at busy stations like Thane, Dadar, Kurla, Ghatkopar and Kalyan.A multi-pronged strategy is needed to reduce the waiting period at the booking offices.\"There are 428 booking windows across the suburban CR network. Around 10 lakh tickets are sold everyday, of which 5.7 lakh are sold through the Unreserved Ticketing System (UTS), 2.91 lakh through Coupon Validating Machines (CVMs) and 1.1 lakh through ATVMs. The official said, \"Since CVMs are to be phased out by March 2013, crowds at booking windows are likely to increase as large number of commuters are still not familiar with ATVM smart cards. The migration from CVM to ATVM may not happen smoothly because CVMs were easier to use. We will have to appoint more avenues for commuters to buy tickets to reduce rush at booking offices.\"As part of the strategy to bring down the time spent at booking windows, CR has decided to double the number of ATVM machines. The officer added, \"There are already 150 ATVM machines on the CR network and 75 are in the process of being installed. We also plan to procure 225 more ATVMs, thus doubling the presence of such machines. Of these, the railway board has already sanctioned 75, while another 80 have been approved under the special powers of the general manager (GM).\"CR has already appointed 96 centres/shops under the JTBS scheme but plans to rope in more people to reduce crowding at booking offices. The official said, \"We have taken proactive measures as our officials have personally distributed and collected forms from shops located nearer to the station. We have already collected 250 forms but our aim is to enroll about 1,000 JTBS.\" Under the scheme, the railways allow unemployed youth to sell unreserved tickets and monthly season passes at shops, telephone booth etc. JTBS are allowed to levy service charge of Re 1 per passenger instead of Re 1 per ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12215304", "title": "Minimum temperature dips sharply", "text": "KANPUR: After touching the mark of 14 degrees Celsius, the minimum temperature sharply dipped again on Saturday. It was recorded at 7.2 degrees Celsius.The maximum temperature continues to be above 27 degrees. It stood at 27.3 degrees Celsius on Saturday. The clear skies also reduced the moisture content in the atmosphere. The humidity recorded on Saturday morning was 73 per cent, which reduced to 28 per cent in afternoon.According to weather experts, the variation in the temperature was due to fast north-easterly winds. The cold winds are once again back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216813", "title": "'Justice for Monica' but when?", "text": "NAGPUR: Is legal system a privilege of the rich and influential? This question is haunting Monica Kirnapure's aggrieved father Dashrath who lost her elder daughter in a brutal assault on this day a year ago while she was on her way to college.The government had promised special prosecutor, fast track court and compensation to the family of a middle-class private college employee earning a salary of around Rs 22,000 per month but nothing transpired till date. On the contrary, an industrialist son was kidnapped and killed after around seven months of Monica's murder but government has already issued order for a special prosecutor in the case.Monica's father was further left jolted when a letter reached him from Mantralaya asking him whether he was ready to pay for special prosecutor's remuneration for representing prosecution in his elder daughter's murder case. The clueless man was consoled by Ramtek MLA Ashish Jaiswal who took up the matter with state home minister RR Patil. \"The letter was a routine practice. The government would bear the expenses and Patil himself took interest in the matter,\" Jaiswal said.The third year electronic engineering student of Shrimati Rajshree Mulak College of Engineering for Women was a victim of a murder plan horribly gone wrong which had left the Orange City stunned with citizens deciding to hit the street demanding 'Justice for Monica'. The public outcry had shaken up the state government too but their awakening seemed for a brief period as the justice has remained elusive for the shattered Kirnapures who hail from Ramtek.The case, chargesheeted in June last year, is yet to come up for trial. \"All we want is the punishment for the culprits. The family has no clue what has happened to the government promises. So far there is no sight of any help from the government but a section of the society did come forward with lot of support for which we are grateful,\" said Dashrath. The family is slated to pay homage to Monica at Shree Nagar in Nandanvan where she was stabbed multiple times under the broad daylight. Dashrath also informed that some citizens are also eager to take out a candle march on his daughter's first death anniversary.Dashrath also urged the witnesses in the case to reveal before court, after it comes up for trial, whatever they knew to nail the assailants. \"Police did support us and they did whatever they could,\" he said. The distraught father said that the family has now abandoned the plan to send Monica's younger sister Trupti to Mumbai or Pune for higher studies. \"Monica's father Vandana keeps on falling ill. The family is no longer interested in good things in life as we are fighting with a tragedy whose memory still haunts us,\" he said.According to police, seven persons have been booked so far in the case which was an acid test for city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay and his team. Kunal Jaiswal, mastermind of the murder, wanted to eliminate his girlfriend who resided in the same hostel as that of Monica. The plotter had contracted with the killers promising them to pay Rs 1.20 lakh. Shrikant Sonekar, first to get arrested on April 1 last year, had allegedly stabbed Monica along with Umesh Marathe. Sonekar's uncle and Marathe's sister, both now out in bail, were arrested for helping the assailants conceal evidences and destroy some of them. Jaiswal, Marathe, Sonekar and one of their aides Pradeep Sahare are still in jail. Raju Yadav has been declared absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12216390", "title": "Suleiman and Salma\u2019s Holi", "text": "She still remembers it clearly though it happened about 10 years ago. A bunch of her Hindu friends had splashed her with colours and she came home drenched in them, looking more like a Leonid Afremov painting than the Farida Jahan her father knew. \"I nearly got a beating,\" she says. This year, though, it was different. Her father, who had in the last decade expanded his business , shifted locality and mellowed, asked her if she wasn't getting late for the Holi party.Call it the changing colours of an evolving India, but as 'Jehangeer's Foods' in Daryaganj put up a banner saying 'Holi Mubarak' and as a raucous group of boys carried festival revelries well into the night in Seelampur, Farida knew her country had moved on - for good.But the happiest are the traders of Holi paraphernalia whose sales have gone up in Muslimdominated areas by as much as 50%. Stalls selling gulal, water guns and balloons in Okhla, Daryaganj, Seelampur were busy on Thursday as Delhi went technicolour in deference to an ancient ritual.Sameer Juneja, owner of Om Sai Traders, a distributor of Holi merchandise, says business has picked up in many Muslim localities in the last few years. Other traders agree. Mukesh Agarwal, a shopkeeper in Seelampur, says that his sales have almost tripled. \"Three years back, I was selling Holi-related products worth about Rs 5,000. This year, I saw sales of about Rs 15,000. When I opened shop in Seelampur, I thought profits would come in only around Eid. But now I look forward to doing good business on Holi and Diwali as well,\" he says.Business, says Lokesh Kataria from Kataria Internationals, has almost doubled in some Muslim-majority sectors. \"This Holi, the Old City areas saw profits go up by at least 25%,\" he says. \"Herbal colours, of course, were on high demand. Everyone is so conscious these days.\"Is this a reflection of our society becoming more cosmopolitan - of religious walls crumbling and festivals becoming more inclusive ? \"Perhaps,\" says Subia Khan, who teaches at Jamia Millia Islamia. \"About five years back, a tense environment would build up in many Muslim areas around the time of the festival. But young and educated people are now more tolerant.\"Like Mehak Saidi, a college student, who says she always has \"super fun\" on Holi and Diwali. \"There is no censure from our elders. It's kind of OK.\" The youth, of course, are leading the thaw. Faisal Ahmed, a final year BBA student from Noida's Amity University, stayed over at a Hindu friend's place for the festival. He says he doesn't feel \"awkward\" about joining in. \"My friends and I had been waiting for the festival impatiently. About six of us had an extended celebration starting Wednesday that ended only on Friday morning.\"This growing openness has had another effect- Hindus in Muslim localities are a lot less anxious during festivals. Divisht Gupta, a Class XI student of Bal Bharti School, says his family in Chandni Chowk always got tense on Holi, wondering if their Muslim neighbours would object. \"But things have been different of late. Many of my Muslim friends are excited about the festival. Most of them come home during Holi to eat the ghujjia my mother makes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12216662", "title": "Overbridge work to start soon", "text": "GONDIA: The construction work of Gondia overbridge, which had been stopped for last one-and-a-half-years due to some technical difficulties, shall start in a couple of days and shall be completed before January 2013, said Congress MLA Gopaldas Agrawal on Saturday.Speaking to TOI, he said, \"People of Gondia suffered a lot of difficulties while the work on the overbridge was stopped.\" He met the General Manager of South-East and Central Railways, Bilaspur, Arunendra Kumar on Friday and convinced him to restart the work, he said. The work was given to the executive engineer of B&C;, Gondia after this meeting and it is expected to start in a day or so, he added.\"I have requested the GM to finish the work, so that we can inaugurate it on or before 26th January 2013,\" said Agrawal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12216046", "title": "Metro takes shape in Samba land", "text": "CHENNAI: The first set of coaches for the Chennai Metro Rail Ltd (CMRL) is getting ready at Alstom's plant at La Pa in Brazil. The company has also begun groundwork to set up a plant outside Chennai to mass produce coaches.A consortium of Alstom Transport SA France and Alstom India Ltd bagged the Rs 1471.3 crore contract to design, manufacture and supply 168 coaches for the CMRL in August 2010.Alstom will supply 42 four-car rakes made of stainless steel. \"The first four or nine rakes will be made in Brazil and shipped to Chennai while the rest will be manufactured at a plant that is being set up near Sri City on the Tamil Nadu-Andhra Pradesh border,\" said a senior official of the Chennai Metro Rail. \"Production has started making shell of the coaches,\" said chief general manager public relations of Chennai metro Rail S Krishnamoorthy.The Brazil-made coaches will be shipped here to be used during trial runs on the Koyambedu-St Thomas Mount elevated line by the end of next year or early 2014. Work on the Chennai plant is progressing fast and a fitting shed has been completed in January.The company has also started manufacturing battery, traction motor, coupler and gangway. Metro officials have approved the shell of the coach after inspection. More inspections will be carried out on prototypes in the coming months.A prototype of a passageway (gangway) connection between the coaches is ready and Alstom has conducted an internal test. Metro officials will inspect the gangway by end of next month.The stainless steel coaches will be airconditioned with automatic sliding doors that will offer easy access to passengers. The trains, which will run at 80 km per hour on 25 KV power drawn from overhead wires, can reach a maximum speed of 90 kmph. Rakes will also have regenerative braking system to save energy. Metro Rail is planning to operate one train every three minutes to meet peak-hour rush.Alstom has provided train control and signalling systems for Delhi Metro Rail and is installing them in the Bangalore metro rail.The company has already sold over 3,000 cars for metro trains worldwide, including cities like Singapore, Shanghai, Paris and Santiago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12218150", "title": "I love Kolkatans as they are musical people: Hariharan", "text": "Hariharan has collaborated with a Kolkata-based band for the first time ever. He has dubbed one ghazal fusion track titled \"Balma tose lage nain\" for Ragamorphism's first national album, \"Ragamorphism with Hariharan,\" which is set to release this April.Band member Avra Banerjee has composed the music, while Indrajit Dey has arranged the same for the track. \"I know Avra and Indrajit for some time now. When they asked me to sing a track for their album, I agreed. I also loved the song. I love Kolkatans as they are musical people,\" said Hariharan.Of the total nine tracks in the album, five are Hindi songs and four are instrumental compositions. Indian classical vocalist Nandini Bhattacharya has lent her voice and added flavour to the other four tracks. For the instrumental compositions, Avra plays the sarod, Indrajit is on keyboard while Samir Nandy plays the tabla.Stuti Agarwal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "berlin", "code": "12162774", "title": "6 tips for smartphone security", "text": "BERLIN: Smartphones, tablet computers and mobile internet access are now a big part of everyday life. The new devices are fast becoming ubiquitous but users leave more and more data tracks behind as they use them and sometimes may offer third parties unwanted insight into private information.How can mobile devices be used securely? The German Federal Ministry for Consumer Protection has put together some tips.User access protection Both the SIM card's PIN and the device lockout code should not be deactivated. It's also recommended to immediately change the pre-set lockout code from the manufacturer and renew it in regular intervals.Deactivate wireless services If Wi-Fi or Bluetooth are not needed on the phone or tablet, they should be shut off. Otherwise they could be used by hackers as a way into your system.Be cautious during hotspot surfing Users should always be cautious about surfing in public WiFi networks. Individuals should be especially sceptical in unprotected or poorly protected WiFi zones. The same goes for networks that are only protected by the standard WPA instead of the successor WPA2. This allows for data - including sensitive access data - to be easily intercepted. It is recommended to avoid open WiFi networks if the data traffic of the website being visited is not continuously encrypted - which can be seen on the https in the address.Control location Those who do not want a movement profile created should shut off their phone's GPS function and only activate it when it's actually needed. And individuals should avoid apps that want to access location information without any apparent reason.Apps only from trustworthy sources Apps can have access to a lot of data or functions. To minimize your own risk, individuals should search in the internet for information about the manufacturers as well as user comments about the apps. In general, if the app demands more rights than seem necessary, then avoid the installation or if possible do not give permission for the unnecessary rights.Install security updates Users should always keep mobile operating systems and all apps at the most up-to-date status. React quickly if you lose your phone: If a phone is stolen or lost, the SIM card should immediately be blocked by the mobile communications provider. Many manufacturers offer blockage and remote wipe functions. These can also be upgraded with apps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12215318", "title": "Puneites favour Kashmir for summer break", "text": "PUNE: If you are planning a summer trip to Jammu &amp; Kashmir this year, chances are, you are not alone.According to insiders in the tourism industry, this year, J&K; as a favoured destination for Puneites has seen a 20% rise compared to 2011. Last year, out of the 13 lakh-odd domestic tourists the state received, over six lakh were from Maharashtra, and at least 40% of them were for Pune.Buoyant with this data, city tour operators are anticipating bigger, better summer bookings this year.Packages to J&K; start from Rs 20,000 onwards. Special packages, discounted offers and customised travel plans have also found increasing number of takers from Pune, said Rohini Pandhare, who works in a major tours and travel company.\"In the last two years alone, Puneites' interest to J&K; has increased by almost 50%. Summer vacation packages to J&K; are high on people's travel wish list. Compared to last year, this year, we've received 20 to 25% more enquiries. A total of six groups will be travelling to the state between beginning of April and May-end. So far, almost 60% seats on these group packages have been booked. It won't be difficult for us to have full bookings within the next few weeks,\" Pandhare said.Picturesque location like Gulmarg and Pahalgam are some of the most sought-after destinations. \"Security is certainly a concern, but that is not putting a dent in people's enthusiasm. In fact, tourists from Pune want to learn more about the culture in J&K;, taste the local cuisine and enjoy its scenic beauty,\" said a source in a travel agency.Leh still remains on top of the priority, said Anil Damle, whose travel agency offers customised packages tailor-made to the client's budget and time. \"Last year, we customised packages to J&K; for 16 different groups, comprising four to five people each. Almost 50% of these travellers chose Leh before travelling to other places,\" Damle said.\"This year, we've noticed an increase in demand by almost 20%. We will get busy making bookings for group travel by March-end,\" Damle said.However, destinations like Anantnag and the region north of Srinagar, are not so tourist-friendly yet. \"We are in touch with our local representatives in J&K; whose advice to take regularly to assess the security situation there. We are able to help tourists by convincing them that barring a few exceptions, they can freely travel in the state,\" added Damle.Tourists prefer to travel to J&K; either by train or air. \"Last year, we had a considerable number of bookings for train travel,\" said a source from another travel agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12214643", "title": "6 held in colour poisoning case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dharavi police on Saturday arrested six persons, including two brothers, for negligence that allegedly led to the hospitalization of 135 children due to colour poisoning on March 8. The brothers, Gafar Siddiqui (42) and Mustaq Siddiqui (39), had gone into hiding after learning that the police were looking for them.Four others - Iyaz Sheikh (37), Muharram Ali Siddique (42), Mohammed Shafique (35) and Mohammed Khalid Siddique (37) - have also been arrested. These four used to pay the brothers so that they could store chemicals at the godown.Police officers said that the brothers are the owners of a godown situated in a chawl at Shahu Nagar in Dharavi, which was demolished in November 2011. \"The two reportedly failed to dispose of the chemicals that were stored in around 100 gunny bags,\" DCP (zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni told TOI.Dharavi police inspector Milind Kurde said, \"They are being questioned to know why they failed to dispose the stock. Samples of the stock have been sent to the forensic science laboratory (FSL) at Kalina to get details whether it is a chemical colour or normal colour and the side effects.\"The accused have been booked under IPC sections 34 (common intention), 324 (hurt), 327 (causing hurt to extort property), 337 (act endangering life), 338 (endangering life or personal safety) and 425 (mischief).Apart from one patient in KEM Hospital, all the children are stable. Three children are still in Sion hospital and three more in KEM Hospital. Three who were admitted to Rajawadi Hospital have been transferred to the Railway hospital in Byculla, while the others are to be discharged by Sunday.The BMC says that the poisoning seen in Rajawadi Hospital and that in Sion Hospital may have been different. Additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar said, \"The preliminary examination of Sion hospital patients shows they had analene-based chemical in their blood. Because the symptoms involved vomiting among Rajawadi patients, the doctors suspect they may have consumed food without washing their hands, because of which the chemical entered their gastrointestinal system.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12214568", "title": "'I even turned around a Naushad song and used it'", "text": "MUMBAI: It was Diwali eve, 2004. As Mumbai's skyline lit up, a friend decided to throw me a surprise. Driving me down a few Santa Cruz bylanes, he stopped in front of a bungalow called Vachan. Little did I suspect what was in store for me.As we were ushered into something that looked like a rehearsal room, an old man, clad in white kurta-pyjama, welcomed us. That's when it hit me. I was standing before Ravi Shankar Sharma, or 'Ravi', a Bollywood composer legend.Surrounded by musical instruments, an ageing music system, innumerable awards and mementoes, photographs and, of course, memories, Ravisaab sat there amid the vestiges of a glorious past.Pleasantries exchanged, he pulled out a Jack Daniel's and poured me a drink. A rookie scribe, I was embarrassed. Sensing my discomfiture, Ravisaab said, \"Pi lo. Aise mauke roz nahin aate,\" revelling in my sense of awe. And then, as if to add gravity to the moment, he added, \"Remember, the place where you're sitting right now was warmed up in the past by such legends as Mohammed Rafi and Sahir Ludhianvi.\"Even before my first sip of the Jack Daniel's peg, I was on a high. Perhaps it was this innate ability to connect with the layman that endeared the late composer to the masses ever since his first independent project, Devendra Goel's Vachan (1955), with songs like Chanda mama door ke and Ek paisa de de baba.\"Ravi's tunes were the most melodious of the times. They were easily picked up by the masses,\" the late director, B R Chopra, once told me. Chopra would know. After all, the Sahir-Ravi-Mahendra Kapoor trio gave him some of the greatest hits of the 1960s. It's impossible to pick and choose from such numbers as Chalo ek baar phir se or Tum agar saath dene ka or Aap aaye to khayal-e-dil-e-nashaad aaya.Ravisaab's strength was melody, even as other maestros such as Naushad, S D Burman and Salil Chowdhury overawed aficionados with orchestration and harmonics. Consider just the tip: his all-time classic, Chaudhvin ka chand. Minimal orchestration, maximum recall.Ravisaab would even play on other composers' creations, turn them around and win laurels. For instance, he revealed to me that night that the popular Salma Agha number, Dil ke armaan aansuon mein beh gaye, from B R Chopra's Nikaah (1982) was merely a jumbled-up version of an earlier Naushad classic. \"Listen to Milte hi aankhein dil hua deewana kisi ka, the Talat (Mehmood)-Shamshad (Begum) number by Naushadsaab for Babul (1950). I merely interchanged the tunes of its first two lines and created Dil ke armaan. And Salma won an award,\" the composer said with a wry smile.In a career spanning almost 55 years Ravisaab's lilting melodies adorned around 200 films in Hindi, Gujarati, Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam. In fact, my first brush with him took place in Malayalam. On the verge of getting relegated to the background in Bollywood, he got a new lease of life when he was introduced to Kerala by film-maker Hariharan through Nakhakshathangal (1986).Hariharan was floored by the natural rusticity of his tunes and recounted how Ravisaab insisted on the lyrics being written first despite his not understanding a word of Malayalam. Indeed, fidelity to the lyricist's work and the film-maker's 'right' to a hit were paramount to Ravisaab. \"What's the use of creating a classic if my boss is not making money on it?\" he would often ask.Nakhakshathangal's Manjal prasadavum, sung by a young K S Chitra, brought him overnight fame in Kerala and a national award. Till as late as 2005, Ravisaab was composing songs in Malayalam.However, his rendezvous with Kerala's sounds had begun earlier, when, in Humraaz (1967), he used Kerala's traditional thayambaka in the prelude to Na mooh chhupa ke jiyo.So strong was the resonance of his tunes with the masses that a number of bhajans were created using them. Soon Ravisaab himself sought to ride the wave. \"If others can make a quick buck out of my tunes, why not me?\" he reasoned. So he made bhajans out of his most popular tunes like the unforgettable Manna Dey qawwali Ae meri zohra jabeen (Waqt, 1965).When I visited him that Diwali eve, I was on the verge of shifting to Delhi. \"Delhi? Oh! So don't forget to pen a few words about me for Dilliwalas when I come visiting,\" he joked.One could see that he longed for such exalted company as Rafi's or Sahir's. But, for then, he was happy to have in that seat someone who was in awe of him. And I was happy to oblige.Ravisaab said, \"Aise mauke roz nahin aate. Remember, the place where you are sitting right now was warmed up in the past by such legends as Mohammed Rafi and Sahir Ludhianvi\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12215406", "title": "Faulty halting puts commuters at risk", "text": "PUNE: Drivers of the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) buses continue to stop on the concrete portion in the middle of the Pune-Mumbai highway, instead of halting on the service road in Pimpri Chinchwad, putting the commuters to inconvenience.The practice started about four years ago after the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) widened the 11-km stretch of the highway, from Bhakti Shakti chowk, Nigdi, to Phugewadi, to eight lanes. The highway has four concrete lanes at the centre for thorough traffic and two lanes on either side of the concrete lanes as service road for internal traffic.The MSRTC buses entering the city from the Bhakti Shakti chowk, stop on the concrete lanes to allow passengers to alight at Nigdi, Chinchwad, Pimpri and other spots. Passengers have to carry their luggage through vehicular traffic on the service road to reach the end of the highway.Similarly, the MSRTC buses coming from Pune also use the concrete lanes at Phugewadi and only use the service road to reach the Vallabhnagar ST bus depot.Sumit Saravade, a resident of Pimpri, said, \"The MSRTC buses drop me on the concrete lane near Kharalwadi. I have to cross the service road to reach the other end of the highway to catch a city bus or a rickshaw to go home. It is difficult to cross the service road with the luggage.\"Another resident of Pimpri Anita Mane said, \"The state transport buses should drop the passengers on the service road so that they do not have to risk their lives. It is really cumbersome for women travelling with children and luggage to get down on the concrete lane and cross the service road.\"Vikas Patil, president, Samajik Heet Samvardhan Samiti, said, \"The situation is worse for senior citizens, handicapped people and women. Our volunteers regularly conduct drives during which they stop ST buses from using the concrete lanes near Bhakti Shakti chowk, but in vain.\"Patil said during one such drive in February, the volunteers stopped around 70 buses in an hour and a half. \"The peak hour for ST buses on the highway is between 9.30am and 11am. Pimpri Chinchwad civic body should instruct the traffic police not to allow ST buses to use the concrete portion. The civic body should also install notice boards at entry and exit points of the concrete lanes\", he said.An official at the Vallabhnagar ST depot said, \"Hundreds of ST buses coming from towns and cities outside Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad cities pass through the Pune-Mumbai highway daily. Drivers of all these buses should be instructed to use the service roads.\" Ganesh Patil, divisional traffic officer, Pune division, MSRTC said, \"We will give instructions to the drivers to halt on the service roads only for the benefit of passengers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12214932", "title": "Mumbai to host business meet for small, medium enterprises", "text": "NASHIK: A business conference for Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) on business opportunities abroad has been planned by the World Trade Centre (WTC), Mumbai, and the All India Association of Industries (AIAI) in Mumbai.\"With an aim to provide business opportunities overseas to SMEs in the country, the WTC and the AIAI have jointly organized a three-day business-to-business (B2B) conference titled 'Indiallia' from April 23 to 25 in Mumbai,\" said Khyati Naravane, assistant director, trade promotion, WTC, Mumbai.Speaking about the meet at a programme organized in Nashik by the Nashik First Foundation, Naravane said, \"This event is being held for the first time in the country for SMEs. The business conference will see a total of 600 participants, including 300 industries from 30 foreign countries and 300 SMEs from India.\"\"The conference will provide SMEs opportunities for import-export and joint ventures with foreign companies. Each participant will be provided with the business profile of each participant company. Each participant company will have an opportunity to hold 12 one-to-one business meetings with the companies of their choice. Each such business meeting will have a time limit of 30 minutes. Around 50-60 interpreters will be there to help participants communicate with the foreign companies. Around 8,000 business meetings will be held during the business conference,\" she said.\"Our focus will basically be on SMEs from Maharashtra. Of the 300 participating SMEs, we are expecting around 150 from Maharashtra. We are concentrating on SMEs from Mumbai, Thane, Nashik, Nagpur and Aurangabad. The registration for the meet will be online and will open from March 23,\" Naravane said.Of the 30 countries participating in the international business conference, major ones include USA, China, Russia, UK, Poland, Canada, Nigeria, Sri Lanka, Indonesia, Nepal and Argentina. The participating companies will mostly be from the automobile, electric and electronics, engineering, chemical, pharma, energy, environment, handicrafts, gems and jewellery sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12215566", "title": "Ban on new defence deals till Mar 31", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has enforced a ban on new defence purchases till March 31. The decision has been prompted by severe fiscal deficit challenges, and to safeguard against the usual haste in clearing major defence deals before the financial year draws to a close.According to a senior source, the move is part of the finance ministry efforts to \"conserve\" as much government finance as possible in the last lap of 2011-12 in the face of severe shortages in government collections from sources such as taxes and divestment.Though it is not clear how many deals have been directly hit by the ban, some big ticket purchases from all the three services are in the final stages of approval. For instance, the IAF deal for basic trainer jets is worth over $1 billion, the Army's wish-list for Ultra Light Howitzers from the US is pegged at over $1 billion coupled the plan to purchase Light Utility Helicopters for the Army.Source said that the MoD had spent about 66% of the total capital budget outlay in this fiscal's first three quarters. \"It was better than usual performances,\" the source said.The ban is to be seen in the light of the finance ministry's decision to cut the defence budget by a few thousand crores. Be that as it may, it is an unusual step since government usually spends maximum on defence capital outlay in last quarter.The overall defence spending scenario is also facing long-term pressures. According to the latest estimates by the MoD, almost 70% of the capital outlay is committed for signed contracts. The MoD has instructed the three services to prioritize their purchases since the committed liabilities would have to be persisted with for a few more years.India's total budget is around $32 billion, and of this the new purchases accounted for $13.8 billion this fiscal. On the contrary, China's defence budget has crossed $100 billion.The ministry is expecting about 10% overall hike in the defence budget, and a 15% spurt in capital outlay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12215130", "title": "Arsenic shatters youths' Army dreams", "text": "KOLKATA: The arsenic situation in the state has reared its ugly head again, this time at an Army recruitment rally in Kolkata. Nearly 2,000 candidates turned up at the rally organized at the Royal Calcutta Turf Club (RCTC) on February 10 this year for recruitment of 200-odd soldiers in technical trades and as nursing assistants. By the end of the day, less than half of the vacancies could be filled up. Many of the candidates who were shortlisted couldn't make it to the final list after they were diagnosed with arsenic-induced deformities.\"We were extremely happy when we saw the large turnout at the recruitment rally. However, when the actual process started, we realized that most of the candidates were not up to the mark. Though all of them possessed the desired qualification, only a few had the requisite knowledge of English or Hindi. Most of them did not meet the minimum standard set for the height of a candidate which was 169 cm. Since the recruitment was for technical trades, the height rule may have been relaxed. However, during medical examination, we came to know that many of the candidates had deformed limbs due to arsenic,\" an officer said.According to the officer, most of the candidates were of extremely poor health due to the lack of proper nutrition during infancy and early childhood. The candidates had failed to meet the criterion for height also because of poor nutrition, the military doctors diagnosed.To make matters worse, the candidates suffered from arsenic-induced deformities. Most of those who were turned away had lesions on their palms and feet. In many cases, the digits had started getting deformed.The lack of height was also due to poor nutrition, the military doctors diagnosed. Added to this were Arsenic-induced deformities. Most of those who were turned away had lesions on their palms and feet. In many cases, the digits had started getting deformed.As many as 12 districts in Gangetic West Bengal are arsenic-affected. These are Malda, Murshidabad, Nadia, North 24-Parganas, Kolkata, South 24-Parganas, Burdwan, Hooghly, Howrah, Cooch Behar, North Dinajpur and South Dinajpur. Of these, the worst affected are parts of Malda, Mursidabad, Nadia, North 24-Parganas and South 24-Parganas. Many of the doctors who examined the candidates were appalled at what they saw.\"It is certainly a sorry state of affairs. We had expected to select nearly 200 candidates. We finally ended up selecting less than 100. Many of those who managed to clear the physical and medical examinations, performed poorly in the common entrance tests that were held elsewhere at a later date. This was a very good opportunity for candidates from this state but the results were disappointing,\" another officer said.Officers are now waiting to see what happens during the week-long recruitment rally that the Indian Air Force will be holding at the Airmen Selection Centre at Air Force Station Barrackpore from March 13. This rally, which will recruit airmen in technical and non-technical trades, will be one of the largest in recent times. Different dates have been fixed for different districts. This should provide a district-wise picture of health and fitness for the entire state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh/hisar", "code": "12223527", "title": "Haryana Jat leaders released, stir continues", "text": "CHANDIGARH/HISAR: The Haryana government released the arrested jat leaders but found itself in more trouble as agitating jats sitting on rail tracks refused to withdraw their stir on Sunday evening.The refusal has come as a rude shock for the Haryana government as well as for chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda who had been making all out efforts to end the 22 day long stand off. With this, the scope of restoration of rail and road traffic in affected areas has also faded away, indicating the worst day ahead for locals.The All India Jat Aarkashan Sangharsh Samiti ( AIJASS) has convened the meeting on Monday morning for further course of action.\"I have already lost my son. I shall not allow anybody to cremate the dead body until the government comes out with concrete and time bound assurance of giving OBC status for Jats in the state,'' said Joginder Singh , father of Sandeep Kumar, the youth who was killed in firing on March 6.Meanwhile, whether it was secretariat at Chandigarh where Hooda chaired a hurriedly convened meeting of the cabinet or rail tracks of Mayyar where agitating jats were waiting for the government's move, hectic activities could be seen at both the places.Though chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda, his cabinet colleagues and officials made desperate attempts to avoid media. But, within minutes after the cabinet meeting, the Hisar district administration as well as police authorities had initiated the process for the release of 101 agitating jat leaders and workers in Tohana and Hisar.Interacting with media persons at Hisar, Dharam Pal Chhot, admitted that the agitators have refused to withdraw. \" We cannot annoy those sitting on track. But, yes we have convened the meeting on Monday to decide further course of action,'' Chhot said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12224075", "title": "Huge festive rush at Cantt station", "text": "VARANASI: A huge rush of passengers was witnessed at Cantonment railway station, one of the busiest railway stations in east UP region, on Sunday. While passengers queued up at the main platform to know the current status of incoming and outgoing trains, a great rush was seen at the ticket counters, as passengers hurried to get tickets to catch trains at the last minute.According to AK Pandey, station manager, Cantt, the rush of passengers was seen in the day as people from east UP region and neighbouring parts of Bihar thronged the station to catch trains after spending a week-long holiday during Holi. Most of the passengers had prior reservations while others hurried to get tickets at the eleventh hour, which also increased the rush of passengers, he added.It may be mentioned here that over 40 pairs of passenger-loaded mail and express trains cross from Cantt railway station, carrying over 60,000 passengers daily. The station witnessed huge rush of passengers for Mumbai and New Delhi-bound trains during the festive season. As per reports of the Cantt railway station booking office, the waiting list of passengers crossed 500 in most of the New Delhi -bound trains including Shivganga and Kashi Vishwanth Express till March 15. The condition is similar for Mumbai-bound trains like Mahanagari, where the waiting list has crossed 400 for that period.The sleeper coaches of most of the New Dehi-bound trains were packed while general coaches were jam-packed, leaving no space to enter from any side. A rush of passengers was also seen at Roadways bus stand where passengers thronged to catch buses for neigbouring districts of east UP region in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12215670", "title": "Two more swine flu cases detected in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Two more cases of swine flu were reported in the city on Saturday.Eight-year-old Naman is the fifth of six swine flu cases detected in Jaipur in the last 10 days. Naman was tested positive for the influenza on Saturday.Out of the six cases, two patients - eight-year-old girl Ojaswi and 26-year-old Sonal Jain - died.An official of the medical, health family welfare department said Naman is a resident of Vidhyut Nagar and he is undergoing treatment at JK Lon hospital. The official said since he had symptoms like of swine flu, doctors conducted a test for swine flu. The report showed he tested positive for swine flu.A JK Lon Hospital official said Naman came to their OPD ward and returned home after giving swab samples for swine flu. He is not admitted to the hospital, he said.Another case was reported in Vidhyadhar Nagar, when 26-year-old Deepshikha was tested positive for swine flu. She is a resident of Amba Bari and was undergoing treatment for her illeness at a private clinic. On suspicion, a private doctor conducted the test and she was found suffering from swine flu. The private doctor then informed the medical, health and family welfare department about the swine flu case.Minister of state for health Rajkumar Sharma on Saturday said patients with symptoms of swine flu should not be ignored but should be given free medical treatment in government hospitals immediately.Sharma, while addressing to newspersons in Jhunjhunu during inauguration of the new building of a primary health centre in Nawalgarh Panchayat Samiti, said strict action would be taken against doctors or department officials if they were found careless while treating such patients.Besides, the department officials are slightly worried as the virus of swine flu spread normally on low temperatures during winters but as six cases in last the 10 days came into light, it has forced them to think about why the virus is spreading when the temperature is increasing as summer is at the doorstep.Also, they are worried about the mortality rate which is now stands around 40% to 50%. The official said there was no case of swine flu detected in the last six months but when the temperature increased, the H1N1 cases were reported in last 10 days. This is one aspect about the H1N1 virus which should to be studied as it was a popular belief that the virus does not spread in high temperature. \"Has the nature of the virus changed? this is need to be studied,\" an official said.Jaipur's chief medical and health officer Yatinder Singh said, \"We are taking necessary steps to prevent swine flu from spreading in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12215540", "title": "City metal trader gets Rs 50,000 ransom call", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have registered a case of extortion against an unknown person on the basis of a complaint filed by a metal merchant of Gurgaon.According to the police, the victim received a threat call from the accused demanding Rs 50,000 in return for his and his family's safety.According to the complaint lodged by Sudarshan Gogia, a resident of Sector 4 and owner of a metal shop, Gogia Metals, on old railway road, he had received an extortion call for Rs 50,000 from some unknown persons a week ago. The complainant told police that the caller had threatened to kill him and his family if he failed to pay the amount within the stipulated time.At first, Gogia tried to ignore the call, but on Friday the accused called him again on his mobile phone threatening him with dire consequences.After the threat call, he reached the city police station and filed a complaint.The city police have now lodged anFIR against one unknown person and are investigating the case.\"On the basis of the caller's number, we are trying to trace the accused. We will get the call details report soon and will arrest the accused at the earliest,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12216119", "title": "Garbage heaps making life hell for city residents", "text": "NAGPUR: All localities in North Nagpur are fast turning into garbage dumps as regular pick-up of garbage has almost been suspended due to Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) apathetic attitude.A case in point is Jaripatka, where heaps of garbage can be seen lying on every street corner. Residents are irate because they accuse the civic body of an apathetic attitude towards lifting of garbage.One can easily gauge the ineffectiveness of NMC's garbage lifting system from the huge heaps of garbage lying at a corner of the internal road near Dayanand Park, Jaripatka. The place has become an ideal spot for stray cattle. The foul smell from these garbage dumps has made lives of residents a virtual hell.According to residents, though they have reminded NMC officials about the issue a number of times, nothing has been done so far.The residents point out that NMC is not short of resources to handle a situation like this. The BJP-ruled NMC has appointed private firm Kanak Resources Management Limited for lifting and disposal of garbage. However, citizens believe it is the lack of will among sanitary workers deployed by NMC and the apathetic approach of supervising NMC officials that is causing this problem.The apathy of the civic body is also apparent from the public garden that has almost turned into a garbage dump yard.The residents fear outbreak of an epidemic if the problem is not resolved at the earliest. \"It is more than two weeks since garbage was collected from our locality. Though we have brought the problem to the notice of NMC officials, nothing has been done so far,\" said S Khaparde, a resident of Kasturba Nagar in Jaripatka area.The situation is no different at many places on Ring Road, where also huge heaps of garbage can be seen.A senior NMC health officer claimed that sanitary workers are lifting garbage from these areas regularly. When asked about the heaps of garbage lying in many areas of Jaripatka, he answered, \"Let me take a look at the situation. If there is garbage lying anywhere, I will ask the concerned zone officials to lift it at the earliest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12215904", "title": "'A teacher has to mould the minds and lives of children'", "text": "COIMBATORE: \"There are times when I speak to the people about how the educational system must be, and teachers and parents exclaim at the fact that education can be made interesting as well,\" said Miriam Haenen, an educationist from Holland, who is in town to conduct a programme at Yellow Train Centre for Learning, in Sivananda colony in the city.Haenen follows the 'Waldorf' education system that makes education interesting to students through activities and games. \"These are designed in such a way that the students will be interested in learning. They are given freedom to learn at their own pace,\" she said.In the Waldorf system, the student is asked to develop an idea or a concept which helps her to grasp things fast. \"Instead of showing a ball and telling them to repeat it we let them play with the ball first. Then, we ask them to recite a song about it,\" she says. Teaching students moral values through stories, Haenen feels that children can be given a basis for their later lives in the early stages. That is why their concentration is on children till the age of sevenBeing associated with Indian education for more than a decade has prompted Haenen to start a training course for teachers from June. \"We need more well-trained teachers. A teacher has to mould the minds and lives of a child. We will plan a detailed training for teachers so that they are well equipped to handle students. More than the infrastructure, it is the quality and ability of the teacher that matters ,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12215776", "title": "Two die, 10 hurt as bus turns turtle", "text": "INDORE: Two persons were killed and 10 others were seriously injured, when a speeding bus turned turtle in Kashipura area here on Saturday night.Police said that the bus (MP09 SH 0374) was moving towards Dewas and was passing over a newly constructed bridge at around 7.30 pm when the incident took place.Eye witnesses said that the bus, belonging to Rubi Travels, was running at a high speed and turned turtle while passing over a trench.Two passengers, including a man came under the wheels of the bus while attempting to jump off from the bus. Identities of the deceased could not be ascertained.Police have impounded the bus and the accused driver has been arrested. Investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12224179", "title": "One dies after Rajdhani hits van at level crossing", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: One person was killed and another seriously injured today when the New Delhi-Bhubaneswar Rajdhani Express hit a van at an unmanned level crossing in Odisha's Cuttack district.The accident occurred this afternoon between Jajpur Road and Cuttack, an official of East Coast Railway (ECoR) said.Train movement in one of the two lines of the busy Howrah-Chennai route remained affected for about four hours as the Rajdhani Express was stranded, railway sources said.The victim was the driver of the van, which was mangled under the impact of the collision.The injured has been admitted to a hospital, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12215418", "title": "Jagathy critically injured in car crash", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Malayalam film actor Jagathy Sreekumar is in a critical condition following a car accident at Panambara on NH 17 in Malappuram on Saturday morning.The 61-year-old comedian was on his way to Kodagu in Karnataka from Chalakkudy when the Toyota Innova car he was travelling in crashed into a median around 4.45am. Car driver Anil Kumar was also seriously injured.Sreekumar underwent a surgery to stop internal bleeding at Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences (MIMS). He suffered injuries to his neck, chest, abdomen and legs, besides multiple fractures.Doctors said he would be under observation for 48 hours in the intensive care unit. Driver Kumar was also shifted to the ICU.Witnesses said the actor was on the front seat of the car. Local residents, with help from drivers of trucks that were passing by, pulled out the injured duo from the car, and rushed them to MIMS. Sreekumar was immediately shifted to the operation theatre, and a team comprising doctors from various departments was formed to attend on him.The actor was on his way to the location of Idavapathy, a film by Lenin Rajendran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12222329", "title": "Animal attacks on the rise in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: In a sign of intensifying man-animal conflict in parts of Rajasthan, four persons were killed in animal attacks in less than one month, jerking the government into action.Morpali Meena (55) and Ashfaq (20) were mauled by tigers in Ranthambore National Park area in Sawaimadhopur on February 16 and March 8 respectively.In Dholpur, a bear killed middle aged men Rambabu Gujjar and Tej Singh Kushwaha and injured a few others in March. The animal was later killed by villagers.Expressing concern over the incident, state Forest Minister Bina Kak said, \"I am worried with this rising trend (of man-animal conflict) and have directed officials to make more efforts for controlling such incidents.\"I have asked officials to increase the height of the forest wall around Ranthambhore park from existing six feet to stop illegal entry of people who go there to collect firewood,\" she said.\"Tracking of wild animals, particularly those of big cats, will also be strengthened and senior officials will have to monitor the activity closely,\" she said.Forest officer of Dholpur, Jai Prakash , said the body of the bear has not been recovered so far and it is suspected to have been burnt.\"We are registering a case under relevant sections of Wild Life Act,\" he said.Besides these incidents, a leopard was found dead in Sariska in Alwar district on March 8 and official suspect it to be a case of paching. \"This is another worrying factor,\" an official said.In November 2010, a tiger was poisoned to death by some villagers in Sariska tiger reserve, in a setback to the programme for revival of tiger population in Sariska.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "adilabad", "code": "12214836", "title": "Bypoll flip-flop may cost Cong candidate dear", "text": "ADILABAD: After declaring that he would not betray Telangana by contesting by-election, C Ramachandra Reddy is the official Congress candidate and is all set to fight TRS candidate Jogu Ramanna.Using this flip-flop as a weapon, TRS is projecting Ramachandra Reddy as a man without commitment to the Telangana cause. Reddy had made it clear that he would not contest the by-election when Ramanna quit his seat in support of separate Telangana demand. \"I don't want to become a Telangana betrayer by contesting the by-election,\" he said after lauding Ramanna's decision. Going a step further, he said only those who resigned for the cause of Telangana had the right to enter the fray. TRS cadre are now circulating copies of his statements carried in vernacular dailies as part of their campaign against the Congress candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12215754", "title": "Property worth lakhs damaged in SBI branch fire", "text": "BHOPAL: Goods worth lakhs were damaged in a fire in a branch of the State Bank of India (SBI) in Zone I, MP Nagar, on Saturday morning. It took over half a dozen fire tenders more than an hour to douse the flames.A short-circuit is suspected to be a cause of the incident.On seeing flames leaping out of the bank, a resident informed the fire station. The firemen said initially they tried to put out flames from the outside as the branch was locked.Soon after, the bank staff rushed to the sport and subsequently, the firemen managed to bring the situation under control. A few cabins, computers, air conditioners, CCTV cameras, the cost of which is estimated to run into lakhs, were destroyed in the blaze.The situation was brought under control before the fire could reach the bank's strong room, officials said. Later, a case in this regard was also registered in the MP Nagar police station.The incident triggered panic in the multi-storeyed building, the bank is housed in its ground floor, the officials added. There is no report of anyone sustaining injuries in the incident.After the initial investigation, the police ruled out a possibility of foul play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12215323", "title": "Safety audit of swimming pools", "text": "PUNE: A safety audit of about 300 swimming pools in and around the city started on March 5. Conducted jointly by the Rashtriya Life Saving Society of India and the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), the audit will enable authorities to scrutinize the standard of institutional and private-owned pools.\"We will examine the pool on the basis of the safety norms approved by the municipal standing committee,\" said Ankit Wagh, manager (operations) of the Rashtriya Life Saving Society of India, at a news conference on Saturday.The Society will organise its annual pool safety workshop on March 14 to ensure there are no pool-related deaths in the city this summer. Municipal Commissioner Mahesh Pathak will inaugurate the event at the Bapusaheb Kedari swimming pool in Wanowrie at 9 am.Anand Sharma of the Rashtriya Life Saving Society of India, said, \"Since the inception of the movement in 2010, there have been no incidents of people drowning in pools run by the PMC.\"Kavita Sharma, director of Swimming and Life Saving Training Centre, stressed on the importance of pool management system. \"In our awareness campaigns, we will inform the parents about basic life saving techniques. Apart from that, we will ask them to check whether the pool water is clean and the lifeguards present have a valid certificate.\"\"There is a scramble for recruiting lifeguards in summer. This results in pool owners neglecting their duty to verify the lifeguards' certificate,\" she added.An average pool in the city has about 3,000 children in summer . Wagh said, \"According to the norms finalized by the standing committee, there should four square meters of water for every person in the pool. But the norm is flouted in most cases. Plus, there should be one lifeguard for every 20 swimmers but the rush during summer makes it difficult for the owners to abide by the rules. The breach in rules makes swimming pools a vulnerable zone for children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12216178", "title": "Spate of reviews a turf tussle between executive and judiciary?", "text": "The Constitution scripted delicate balance of power between Legislature, Executive and Judiciary seems set to sail into turbulent times with the government unwilling to cede more turf than it had and displaying a quiet belligerence to question the wisdom behind recent important Supreme Court rulings relating to black money, Vodafone and 2G spectrum scam.The Union government has already filed petitions seeking review of SC's decisions - one, to set up a Special Investigation Team to unearth and bring back illegal money stashed by Indians in foreign banks; second, to quash Rs 11,000 crore capital gains tax liability on Vodafone for acquiring Indian business through foreign route; and third, ordering fresh auction of 122 mobile telephone service licenses that were cancelled on the ground of being irregularly allotted in 2008.In each of these review petitions, the government has politely given vent to its disgust over repeated judicial encroachment into areas which fell squarely within the Executive's domain. To drive home the point, the Centre is now planning a Presidential Reference under Article 143 of the Constitution to seek opinion of the apex court whether by directing auction of telecom licenses the judiciary has breached the constitutionally demarcated functional boundaries.Such executive exuberance to assert turf supremacy had been rare. Indira Gandhi's election case in the Supreme Court expedited the decision to impose Emergency in the country. During that period, the apex court ignominiously succumbed in the face of brute Executive power and sullied its image by judicially agreeing in the infamous ADM Jabalpur case that even basic fundamental right - right to life - could be suspended during Emergency. After the dark period, the judiciary swiftly self-corrected.The last of the Executive assertiveness was seen during Rajiv Gandhi's tenure as Prime Minister when the Congress party enjoyed a brute majority in Lok Sabha. It had virtually overturned a secular judgment of the apex court to grant alimony to Muslim women by enacting Muslim Women (Protection of Rights on Divorce) Act, 1986.For the quarter of a century that followed since the controversial 1986 Act that reflected Executive's assertiveness, coalition blood has been running thick and fast in the country's political veins. Hurriedly cobbled and opportunistic alliances to form governments has brought into focus regional aspirations and dominance of small parties which are key to survival of governments.Coalition induced shaky political health has benumbed the Executive's turf consciousness. Correspondingly, it provided an open invitation to the Judiciary to scrutinize a wide range of government decisions. In the process, the constitutional courts have handed down thumping judgments severely truncating political play in the Executive's decision making mechanism.The Union government's sudden abhorrence to judicial fiats in executive field stems from its understanding of past rulings of apex court, which had evolved a self-restraint code to be applied in the course of determining the validity of decisions taken by the Executive or Legislature.In Kihoto Holohon [1992 (2) (Suppl) SCC 651], the self-restraint code came for discussion. The apex court said: \"While examining the constitutional validity of laws the principle that is applied is that if it is possible to construe a statute so that its validity can be sustained against a constitutional attack it should be so construed and that when part of a statute is valid and part is void, the valid part must be separated from the invalid part.\"In Bommai case [1994 (3)SCC 1], the court had said: \"we are to reiterate that judicial review is not concerned with the merits of the decision but with the decision-making process. This is onthe premise that modern democratic system has chosen that political accountability is more important than other kinds of accountability and the judiciary exercising its judicial review may be refrained to do so when it finds that the controversy is not based on judicially discoverable and manageable standards.\"\"However, if a legal question camouflaged by political thicket has arisen,the power and the doors of constitutional court are not closed, nor can they be prohibited to enter in the political field under the garb of political thicket in particular, when the Constitution expressly has entrusted the duty to it,\" it had said.The government is firm that cancelling the licenses may have been within the judicial domain but not the direction to auction it stems from a combined reading of Holohon and Bommai judgments. But, the firmness also reflects that it was ready for a fresh debate on the contours of judicial boundary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12216214", "title": "Extension of Punjab and Haryana high court building inaugurated", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The number of courtrooms in Punjab and Haryana high court reached 68 on Saturday, with the inauguration of second extension of the building.The extension of the HC building was inaugurated by the senior judges of Supreme Court (SC), Justice Altamas Kabir, Justice S S Nijjer and Justice T S Thakur in the presence of Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and other judges of the HC.High Court Bar Association president K S Dhaliwal also seized the occasion to inform the chief justice and the senior officials of the Chandigarh administration about some demands of the lawyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12219077", "title": "China to launch 100 rockets, 100 satellites by 2015", "text": "BEIJING: China is planning to launch \"100 rockets, 100 satellites\" by 2015 as part of its ambitious space expansion programme.China has set a target of completing a space mission of \"100 rockets, 100 satellites\" between 2011 and 2015, according to a space official.On average, China will complete about 20 launch missions each year before 2015, Zhang Jianheng, deputy general manager of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corp (CASC) said.Commencing the programme last year China launched 19 satellites, a target orbiter Tiangong-1 and Shenzhou-8 spacecraft with 19 Long March rockets, a record high for China's space program in launch numbers Zhang, deputy to the country's top legislature told state run Xinhua on the sidelines of the National People's Congress, (NPC).China has surpassed the United States, which completed 18 launches in 2011, to become the world's No 2 in terms of launch numbers following Russia's 36 launches, Zhang said.\"The densely arranged launch missions and flight tests have posed an unprecedented challenge to the country's space program,\" he said.China has planned to launch 30 satellite with 21 rockets, including the launch of Shenzhou-9 spacecraft the year.Shenzhou-9, which is scheduled to carry out China's first manned space rendezvous and docking with Tiangong-1 between June and August.China conducted its first space docking experiment last year to build a space station of its own by 2020.Zhang said CASC raked in 100 billion yuan ($15.87 billion) in operating income in 2011, bringing the company's total assets to more than 200 billion yuan.He said the company will keep a growth rate of about 20 percent annually and its operating income is expected to hit 250 billion yuan by the year 2015.The new space missions included launching the third lunar probe, Chang'e-3 next year and conduct a moon landing and lunar explorations.Different from the previous two orbiters, Chang'e-3 has \"legs\" to support the spacecraft in landing, Ye Peijian, chief commander of Chang'e-3 at China Academy of Space Technology.The orbiter will carry a lunar rover and other instruments for territory surveys, living conditions assessment, and space observations, Ye said.The 100-kg lunar rover is designed to operate on the moon for over three consecutive months Ye said.The launch of Chang'e-3 and Chang'e-4 is part of the second step of China's three-phrase lunar probe projects of orbiting, landing and returning.China launched the Chang'e-1 in 2007 and the Chang'e-2 2010.The first probe retrieved a great deal of scientific data and a complete map of the moon while the second one created a full higher-resolution map of the moon and a high-definition image of Sinus Iridium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12216688", "title": "JCB fined for excavating acquired land at Tiroda", "text": "GONDIA: The municipal council of Tiroda seized a JCB machine on Friday while it was working on a plot o land without permission. The council had acquired this land in 2006 and reserved it for Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee (APMC), Tiroda.Chief officer of Tiroda Municipal Council (TMC) Taran Chouhan said TMC had acquired 3.96 hectare land near Sukdi check post in 2006, paid compensation for it and reserved it for APMC, Tiroda. However, of late, it was observed that someone was undertaking construction on the land. So, TMC issued him a notice on March 7 and directed him to stop work.Later, the TMC was informed that a JCB machine was still working on the land. So at around 12 noon on Saturday, Chouhan and his staff reached the spot and confiscated the machine. However, on enquiry, it was revealed that the machine was working on contract. So it was fined Rs 1,000 and let off.One Arun Gajbhiye, who was allegedly working on the land, was not available for comments. However, sources said this land originally belonged to him and was acquired by TMC after paying compensation.Now, due to Adani Thermal plant, price of land in Tiroda has gone up sharply and land is going out of the reach of the common man. So, there is a tendency to encroach upon reserved lands. \"Our action will probably put some brake on such tendencies,\" Chouhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12215097", "title": "Status change plan for Salt Lake plots", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government is now thinking about turning all leasehold plots in Salt Lake into freehold ones, which will end the problem of illegal sale or transfer of residential plots in the township. The proposal could be placed in the next state cabinet meeting for discussion.The state urban development department is looking into this idea as land in Salt Lake belongs to the department. Senior officials, who did not want to be quoted, said the proposal was currently in the survey stage.Plots in Salt Lake were leased out for 999-year tenures since the 1970s to enable middleclass people to settle in the township. The quid pro quo was that leaseholders were not to transfer their plots. According to present rules, residential plots cannot be sold or transferred as the plot holders are actually lease holders and not owners. If the plots become freehold ones, it will be legal to sell them.Officials said Bidhannagar Municipality will be the biggest beneficiary if leasehold plots become freehold as it will earn large sums in revenue from stamp duty payable by buyers and sellers of plots.Illegal transfer and sale of land has been one of the biggest problems in the township from the very beginning. Many original lease holders transferred their plots over the years, especially in the '90s. A number of plots and houses were illegally sold or let out on lease. According to estimates, there are about 12,000 plots in the township, almost 35% of which have been transferred or sold illegally. Many more such transfers are in the process with the help of touts. Many houses have been illegally sold more than once. Plots measuring a cottah that were leased out for about Rs 5,000 have been illegally sold for lakhs.During the Left Front government's tenure, proposals came in from different quarters to turn leasehold land in Salt Lake into freehold ones but the then government did not approve of the plan.The government had earlier issued notices to individuals who had illegally transferred or sold out plots. But many offenders moved court.Some years ago, the state government had also appointed a high-power enquiry committee to probe allegations of illegal transfers. The committee received more than 1,500 complaints and nearly 280 lease holders were asked to hand their land over to the government. Complaints against 430 lease holders were dropped. The government had also filed a report in Calcutta high court on the alleged illegal transfer of plots in the township.Only recently, the urban development department issued notices to about 15 plot holders who have kept their plot vacant. They were asked to explain why they had not utilized their plots so far. The department will take back the plots if the leaseholders fail to give a satisfactory explanation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "dehra dun", "code": "12224503", "title": "3 BSP MLAs give unconditional support to Congress in Uttarakhand", "text": "DEHRA DUN: To help Congress break the impasse on the leadership issue, the three-MLA strong BSP today offered \"unconditional support\" to it in Uttarakhand and expressed desire to share power.\"On the direction of Mayawati , our party has decided to give full support to Congress,\" state BSP President Surajmal told PTI.Congress with 32 MLAs in the 70-member House enjoys support of three Independents and a lone UKD member to reach the magic mark of 36.The party has already staked claimed to form government and Governor Margaret Alva said she would invite Congress once it elects a new CLP leader.Surajmal said his party would like to join the new government. \"We will like to share power with Congress,\" he said.\"As for the rest of the modalities regarding power sharing, it can be chalked out with senior Congress leaders,\" he said.BSP's decision assumes significance as the three supporting Independents have promised to back Congress only if it made candidates of their choice the Chief Minister.Since each Independent has his separate choice of candidate for the top post, Congress is finding it difficult to make the choice as the party itself is dogged by factionalism over the leadership issue.\"We welcome the move by BSP to support Congress,\" state Congress spokesman Surendra Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12223875", "title": "Government ayurvedic hospital in poor state", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Government Ayurvedic College and Hospital near Jalukbari is facing acute shortage of staff and the hospital also doesn't have a superintendent and director. It said that the hospital lacks basic facilities like a clean toilet and even the food for patients is not cooked under hygienic conditions.A senior official of the hospital said, \"At present, the condition of the hospital is really bad as we do not have a superintendent or a deputy superintendent and both the college and the hospital are being run by the principal. There is also shortage of staff like nurses, ward boys and even sweeper.\"He also said last year the state government had appointed a director for the hospital, but that person has not joined office till date. \"It seems that the person who was appointed as the director, is already heading the North East institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy in Shillong , so we are not sure when he would come, or whether any new director would be appointed in his place.\" he said.\"It has been more than one year that the appointment was given, but till now nothing has been done. The state government had also sanctioned Rs 50 lakh last year at the time of appointing the director, but we are not sure what happened to the fund,\" he added.The patients, too, complain that the overall environment of the hospital is unhygienic and most importantly, there are no security personnel which makes it easy for outsiders to enter the hospital whenever they wanted. Anil Das, a school teacher who underwent a surgery last month said that even at night, there was no security at the gate. \"Even if someone enters the hospital and attacks a patient, we can do nothing. Besides there were very few nurses and in the evening. From 6 pm to 9 pm, there are no nurses to attend the patient.\" he said.\"At the time when the government is putting in so much effort to improve the healthcare facilities in the state, something needs to be done to uplift the condition of the ayurvedic hospital, too,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12221210", "title": "Won't demand anymore to be reinstated as chief minister: BS Yeddyurappa", "text": "HUBLI: Here on a mission of show of strength, former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa on Sunday made it clear that he would not ask the BJP high command for chief ministership and that he would not campaign for the March 18 Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypoll in the wake of the attack on him by chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda .\"Though I had decided to campaign for the party candidate, I have decided against it in the wake of Gowda saying I have eight pending cases against me. In these circumstances my presence will have adverse impact on the outcome of poll result,\" he told reporters here sarcastically while referring to Gowda and state BJP President K S Eshwarappa, who have been attacking him.Yeddyurappa, who is here in connection with his 69th birthday celebrations being organised by his supporters, said his demand for his reinstatement as chief minister was a closed chapter and he did not want state party presidentship.\"It is true that I had asked for reinstatement as the chief minister for I desired to present Rs one lakh crore budget. Now I don't want anything. That is a closed chapter,\" said Yeddyurappa, who had earlier expressed hope that the party central leadership would do justice to him after the high court order striking down a chapter in Lokayukta report on illegal mining which indicted him leading to his exit as chief minister last year.Reacting to the high court order, Gowda had said eight other cases were pending against Yeddyurappa, indicating he would not make way for reinstatement of his predecessor.Yeddyurappa also said tersely that Gowda and Eshwarappa were capable leaders who could help the party win the byelection.\"I don't want to be an obstacle in Gowda and Eshwarappa's endeavours to help party candidate win the bypoll,\" he said.Yeddyurappa said he would not demand anything from the central leadership. \"Eshwarappa has already stated that the central leadership will not meet my demands even if my supporters fly to Delhi,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12214655", "title": "Plea for distance between judge, CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: A petition has been filed urging the high court to declare as illegal the move by the CBI joint director to meet the CBI court judge in his chambers on the days when cases in which the investigative agency is a party are slotted for a hearing.K Ramakrishna Reddy, a city-based advocate, filed the plea seeking a curb on CBI and the trial court judge on the grounds that such meetings raised doubts about the impartiality of the judicial process.It may be recalled that, on Friday, some advocates representing the accused in the Emaar case raised objections to such meetings.In his response, the judge assured the lawyers about the fairness of the judicial process.In his petition, Ramakrishna Reddy raises an objection against what could be a case of the CBI joint director giving step-by-step directions to the public prosecutor.\"The joint director sits in the Bar along with the public prosecutor and directly converses with the bench without following court decorum.\"This gives the impression that it is a court run by the investigative agency. Hence, a directive is essential disallowing CBI officials from entering the chambers of the trial court judge,\" the petitioner said.Even telephone conversations between CBI officials and the presiding officer are unacceptable, the petition states.Along with the trial court judge and the CBI joint director, the state home secretary, too, has been made a respondent in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "12222031", "title": "Punjab police ASI murder case cracked, three arrested", "text": "BARNALA: Achieving major breakthrough after more than a month in the murder case of assistant sub inspector of police(ASI), police on Sunday has succeeded in arresting three persons. One of the person arrested in the case is facing many other cases and was arrested by Sirsa (Haryana) police in another case and has been taken on production warrants. The other two have been arrested from Patiala. The arrested have been identified as Makhan Singh, Jagga and Falali. Police is investigating the reasons behind killing the ASI. Patiala DIG LK Yadav confirmed the arresting of three persons in the ASI murder case.The murders of DSP Balraj Singh Gill and ASI Harbhajan Singh had rocked Punjab, when the elections to state assembly had just held on January 30.Close on the heels of killing of deputy superintendent of police(DSP) Balraj Singh Gill at Ludhiana on February 2, ASI Harbhajan Singh was killed on February 5. Harbhajan Singh, 53, was posted at Sehna in Barnala police station and his body was found from village Chhapa in the wee hours of February 5. The previous night ASI had gone to village Chhapa to meet his NRI friend and in the morning body was found at brick kiln and his overturned Zen car was found at some distance. The body had injury marks near head. A migrant labourer Sunil Thakur, living nearby in an outer house, from where body was found had seen the culprits as they wanted him to help in getting the overturned car positioned.DIG LK Yadav said \"police though has cracked the case by arresting three persons but police is yet to go by the motive behind the killing and investigations are on\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12216659", "title": "17 doctors barred from PG exam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Saturday decided to debar 17 doctors, who were caught cheating during the post graduate medical entrance examination, from appearing the test for three years.The government also initiated disciplinary proceedings against six out of the 17 doctors, who are already in government service, a health department statement said. The government said the action was taken following a report from the director medical education and training about the medicos' using unfair means during the test here on January 22.The doctors can't appear in the coveted test for masters degree till 2015. Their answer-sheets for current year were not evaluated. Sixteen doctors were caught using mobile phones while one tried to speak to another examinee. Sources said the medicos recently took back their cellphones which were seized from them during the examination from the health department by signing an undertaking.The PG Selection Committee had held the entrance at Orissa University of Agriculture Technology to fill up around 200 seats of master of surgery (MS), master of medicine (MD) and master of dental surgery (MDS) seats in the three government-run medical colleges. There were 1,610 applicants, holding MBBS or BDS degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12215520", "title": "\u2018Tainted\u2019 junior engineer bungled funds in the past too", "text": "GURGAON: A junior engineer (JE) of HUDA, against whom an FIR was lodged by the Civil Lines police for alleged criminal breach of trust and fraud, has been found guilty of bungling of funds in the past too.In the inquiry report, which has been accessed by TOI, the JE, Pradeep Kumar, was indicted for issuing two survey reports of the same house for different compounding violations, which is a \"serious matter\" and advocates strict action.The probe was ordered after a complaint was received from a resident of Sector 9 A, Usha Guliany. During the probe, it was found that the JE took a demand draft No. 495138 dated July 15, 2009 for Rs 40,000 which was deposited for the completion certificate of the complainant's house.The complainant later found out that the demand draft payment did not include details of her house but instead had that of house No. 849, Sector 4.The complainant's husband, a retired bank official, dug out details of the house owner and found the discrepancies. \"On noticing the discrepancies, I met the owner of house No. 849 and found that his draft was swapped with that of another property owner (House No. 374, Sector 9-A),\" said Gulyani.The JE had given a receipt of Rs 35,000 for the demand draft of Rs 40,000. \"The swapping of demand drafts given by plot owners to HUDA is a big scam and needs to be probed thoroughly. As a banker, I know that anyone who is found involved in such an act is terminated immediately but in HUDA no one takes action,\" said Suresh Gulyani, the complainant's husband.Knowing that the swapping of demand drafts could be a big scam, Gulyani also filed an RTI to know the number of completion certificates issued by the JE in the past five years and the details of the demand drafts and receipts issued by his office.\"There was no reply to my queries. If HUDA checks the records, there would be several more cases of demand draft swapping,\" said Gulyani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12215215", "title": "CM demands Centre's support to tide over financial crisis", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee , emboldened by Congress's dismal show in Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Goa elections, on Saturday extolled her government's performance over the last nine months and in the same breath, made a strong pitch for the Centre's assistance to restructure the massive debt the erstwhile Left regime has left behind.Turning the function to lay the foundation stone for a night shelter for patients' kin at BC Roy Polio Hospital into a political platform, the chief minister came down heavily on the CPM and stressed that no political party can point a finger at her government since it has completed majority of the work and will fulfill all its commitments in a few months. Besides, she also sent a strong note to the Centre, demanding her ally's support to tide over the financial crisis in the state.On Monday, Lok Sabha Speaker Meera Kumar had convened a meeting of party leaders to discuss Parliament's agenda during its Budget Session. In that meeting, Trinamool parliamentary party's chief whip Kalyan Bandyopadhyay had also demanded a discussion on the need for devolution of a larger share of central taxes to the states.On Saturday, Mamata, expressing her concern over the poor condition of the health sector in the state, said her government plans to build 27 super specialty hospitals in the districts to reduce patient load on state hospitals, but the state can't improve infrastructure in health or any other sector for that matter since it had to \"pay for sins committed over 34 years by the previous regime\".\"If we just keep paying interest on a debt we didn't incur, we will be left with nothing for development. Our expenditure on debt repayment exceeds revenue inflow. This way, debt will simply keep piling up and no one should blame us for it. We are just paying for sins we didn't commit. The Centre must restructure the state's debt,\" she said.Iterating the claim that Bengal's infant mortality rate had declined under her government, the CM said poor women don't take proper care of themselves during their pregnancy. \"Even if hospitals provide them food under government programmes, these women prefer to feed their other children. This leads them to deliver woefully under-weight babies, some times weighing as less as 500-700 grams. Such babies have a slim chance of surviving,\" said Mamata.\"I have discussed a plan with the Prime Minister to provide food substitutes for poor pregnant women. This will involve a huge cost but we are trying our best,\" she added.On the night shelter (foundation stone of one of such shelters was laid by the CM on Saturday), Mamata said it would have a capacity to accommodate 100 people and would be immensely beneficial to patients' kin. Three more such shelters will be built near hospitals, she said. SSKM Hospital and Chittaranjan Cancer hospital already have such shelters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12216411", "title": "Day after, Selvaraj is on the \u2018right\u2019 track", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: There was little political surprise on day two with the Selvaraj episode playing out on an expected line leaving enough hints that the former CPM strongman is headed the UDF way.Selvaraj made it explicitly clear that he might opt for the 'right' track. \"I've nothing against the UDF,'' he said. On Friday, soon after his resignation, he had ruled out any possibility of associating with the UDF.\"I will take a decision in accordance with the wishes of my supporters. If they want me to work in association with the UDF, I may opt for that,\" Selvaraj told mediapersons on Saturday at his house near Neyyattinkara.His change of stand was welcomed by the UDF. At Piravom, chief minister Oommen Chandy said if Selvaraj expresses his wish to join the UDF, the front will consider it.Deputy speaker N Sakthan, another strong Nadar leader, had welcomed Selvaraj to the UDF on Friday itself. Sources close to Selvaraj told TOI that he would take a decision in consultation with Vaikunta Swamy Dharma Pracharasabha (VSDP), a prominent Nadar organisation working in south Kerala.The VSDP is of the view that Selvaraj should contest the Neyyattinkara bypoll as an independent. In that case, the UDF might be forced to support the candidature of Selvaraj.But mild voices of protest are also being heard from within the UDF against Selvaraj's entry. They are upset as the poaching operation was not communicated to them by Chandy.This view was aired by K Muraleedharan, MLA, when he told media in Kochi that \"there are many leaders in the Congress who have considerable experience to be fielded from Neyyattinkara. There won't be any need to support Selvaraj\". Many see this statement as a harbinger of a political storm brewing within UDF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12230802", "title": "One Kuthu for Team Chennai", "text": "With the cricket season heating as the T20 league kicks off soon, singers Srimathumitha and Charulatha Mani have come up with a special song to celebrate team Chennai.Titled Machi Song..., the track has been composed and sung by the singer-dup along with singer Mukesh. \"This song is very peppy in local Chennai kuthu style,\" reveals Srimathumitha, whose latest filmi track is the Azhage Azhage song from Oru Kal Oru Kannadi, \"We are huge fans of cricket and team Chennai and that's why we decided to do this track.\"The singers recently shot a video for this song and plan to release in this week on the Internet. \"Earlier, we'd composed and recorded a Why this Kolaveri da - Angel Song for Angel girls and that was appreciated by many. That's one of the reasons why we decided to do this song for the upcoming cricketing season,\" states singer Charulatha Mani, \"We are sure that fans of cricket and Chennai lovers will connect with the lyrics and beats in this number.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12215391", "title": "Engineers to face action for poor quality of works", "text": "INDORE: In order to improve the quality of civil works, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) plans to make the engineers of respective zones responsible for sub-standard works in the city. The civic body is also mulling to take action against errant engineers for not maintaining quality of works in their respective zones.IMC, revenue in-charge, Chandu Shinde said that he had written to all zonal offices to stop sub-standard works in their respective areas. \"We have also informed the zonal offices that now on, engineers will be held responsible for any sub-standard works,\" he said.The civic body has been facing problems related to digging up and developing potholes on the roads. Every year, the IMC has been spending crores of rupees on repair and patch works of the roads, but it lasts only for a few months. The IMC has been receiving complaints regarding the alleged nexus of engineers and contractor in carrying out civil works.The civic body has stationed one each assistant engineer in all 15 zonal offices of the city for supervising civil works being done by contractors. The engineers are responsible to supervise, inspect and prepare a technical report about the construction and repair of roads. They have to ensure that contractors follow the set guidelines for the construction of roads. On the basis of report submitted by the engineers, the IMC make payment to the contractors.But in many cases, it has been found that engineers do not make physical inspection of the work and prepare report to favour contractors. To check this, the IMC is mulling a system under which if any roads or civil works get damaged before the prescribed time, then the engineers of the respective zones will be held responsible for it.A case will be put up before Mayor-in-Council (MiC) and mayor will take action against the guilty engineers. Engineers will be punished even after their transfer if the works were carried out during their tenure found to be sub-standard. Civic officials believe that it will help improve the quality of works and plug in the leakage of public money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12216729", "title": "PIL to be filed against proposed thermal power plant in Rohana", "text": "BHANDARA: The villagers of Rohana plan to file public interest litigation in the High Court against the proposed thermal power plant in the village. \"The state government is devastating the farmers' lives by proposing to set up a thermal plant in Rohana village, however, we will fight till the end, to oppose the project,\" said BJP MLA Nana Patole while addressing a public meeting in Rohana, on Friday evening.The government along with a Hyderabad-based power corporation has proposed to establish a 2800MW thermal power plant. This has led to discontent among farmers and villagers for which they organized a public meeting in Rohana. Along with Patole, former BJP MLA Madukar Kukade, and BJP ZP member Dr Ulhas Burade were present in the meeting.Patole further said, \"The state spent billions on the Bawanthadi irrigation project for the agricultural land in the command area. This was meant to uplift those farmers who are below poverty line. Now the dam is near completion and from next season, it could irrigate the command area. Right at this point, Congress-NCP led state government permitted Bhandara Thermal Power Corporation to purchase the fertile land from the farmers for thermal power plant. By issuing the letter of intent to BTPC, government has deleted Rohana village from the list of villages to be benefited from the irrigation project, without asking the villagers of Rohana. As per law, the Gram Panchayat should pass a resolution regarding its deletion and public notice should be exhibited in Zilla Parishad, Panchayat Samiti and concerned Gram Panchayat.\"He added that this procedure was not followed. \"Till all the formalities are not completed by the government and the concerned company, there has to be a ban on sale and purchase of land. However, the government deliberately turned its eyes and permitted BTPC to purchase land of farmers,\" he said.Sources said that BTPC entered into an agreement with middlemen for Rs18 lakh per acre of land while farmer is getting only Rs8 lakh per acre. The rest of the amount is pocketed by the middlemen who are based in Bhandara and Nagpur, they added. \"Till now 500 acres of land has been sold to BTPC. But now we are not going to let farmers fall prey to BTPC. A public interest litigation in the High Court will be filed and this issue will be raised in the budget session of state legislature,\" said Patole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "12215900", "title": "Popular voice that took Akhilesh's message to public", "text": "FAIZABAD: The hard work of Akhilesh Yadav was taken to masses by a 'popular voice'. The voice attracted the public to CM-designate's rallies and conveyed to people the assurances made by the Samajwadi Party . Since people had heard this voice for years, the connect was instant.The voice was that of well known radio jockey Naved Siddiqui, whose programmes on Akashvani have a good following across the state.Naved attracted the motley crowd in rural areas before Akhilesh took the stage. He conversed with the public and told them about the achievements and future programmes of the young leader.Naved is a popular voice on air who engages listeners in friendly talks, solves their problems with his expert advice, conveys the message of the masses to the government along with playing songs on demand. His phone-in programme has a long wait-list of callers.On his interaction with Akhilesh, Naved says, \"I travelled about 3,000km with Akhilesh Bhai in his Rath. I saw large crowds in his every public meeting. Moreover, people came on their own and not brought in buses and SUVs\".\"The public at most places recognised me once I started addressing them in their dialect and cheered with a huge applause,\" adds Naved.Akhilesh's campaign team comprised media manager, public relation manager, technical expert and, of course, Naved's voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-11"}
