{"city": "None", "code": "12244474", "title": "Vidya, the new Rekha of Bollywood", "text": "There was a time when Rekha was said to be as big and powerful as any male actor in an industry, which thrived on male dominated cinema.Post The Dirty Picture, Vidya Balan has been repeatedly referred to as the new Khan of Bollywood. Their similarities don't end just there.Their love for nine yards of silk, big bindis and heavy jhumkas are just some of them. Thus, when a special screening of Vidya's latest film Kahaani was held for Rekha at Ketnav Theatre on Sunday evening, the younger actress rushed to meet her older counterpart.The two actresses were seen chatting for a long time. Looks like Rekha was happy to finally find her heir in the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12243683", "title": "BJP to insist on Lokpal debate in Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP is all set to corner the government over the Lokpal Bill in Rajya Sabha with Leader of Opposition Arun Jaitley to seek suspension of question hour to discuss the anti-graft legislation.According to Times Now, Arun Jaitley will raise the issue in the Upper House under Rule 257, which will allow the opposition to question the fiasco in the last session.The government had on Monday said that it will pursue the contentious Lokpal bill in the budget session of Parliament.The bill was passed by the Lok Sabha during the winter session last year but got stuck in the Rajya Sabha, where the United Progressive Alliance government is short on numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12242299", "title": "Streetlighting scam: Court frames charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Of the 10 corruption cases registered in the Commonwealth Games related scams, the one pertaining to streetlighting has become the first case in which trial is set to begin. Aspecial CBI court on Monday framed charges against seven accused, including four MCD officials, for their alleged involvement in favouring a bidder and awarding him the streetlighting contract illegally.Special CBI judge Pradeep Chaddah began the trial with formal framing of charges against the accused under sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 420 (cheating), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating) and 471 (using as genuine a forged document or electronic record) of the IPC and various provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act. Those who will face trial in the case include MCD superintendent engineer D K Sugan, executive engineer O P Mahla, accountant Raju V, tender clerk Gurcharan Singh, private firm M/s Sweska Powertech Engineering Pvt Ltd, its managing director T P Singh and director J P Singh. The court, however, discharged Philips India officer Mehul Karnik, noting that the company initially participated in the tender process but ultimately did not submit the tender.The court put the matter for recording of prosecution evidence on April 3 after all the accused pleaded \"not guilty\" and claimed trial. In its order, the court termed Sugan , the senior-most official, as the \"kingpin\" of the conspiracy and said he abused his official position and allowed fudging of Sweska's tender papers . \"You (Sugan) being a member of tender opening committee, a public servant and posted as MCD superintending engineer for the period of 2007-2008 at New Delhi, abused your official position and dishonestly/fraudulently induced MCD to accept forged tender documents of M/s Sweska Powertech Engineering Pvt Ltd ..., \" the court said. It said the prima facie evidence indicated that forgery of documents was carried through Sweska's managing director and director in connivance with the other accused. T P Singh was allowed to make alteration in the tender document by changing the rates.The court also said that MCD officials Gurcharan Singh, Mahla and Raju dishonestly induced the civic body to accept forged tender documents of Sweska Powertech in connivance with the co-accused by preparing and approving the justification of rates in order to justify the rates forged in the tender document.In its chargesheet, the CBI had alleged that the MCD had invited tenders in 2008 to upgrade the city's streetlighting to international standards before the 2010 CWG and five companies , including Sweska Powertech applied for it, while the MCD commissioner approved only three companies.After the tender was opened and the rates announced by Sugan, certain cuttings and interpolations had been made in the tender papers of Sweska and the amount quoted by it was increased , which, the agency had alleged , led to a loss of Rs 1,42,83,000 to the state exchequer and wrongful gain to the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12242731", "title": "Complaints against hospitals galore", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The expert committee received over 25 complaints against private hospitals during its sitting. The panel found that only a few private hospitals in the district paid nurses for their internship programme. Many nurses complained that they were denied ESI benefit and forced to do non-nursing duties. At the sitting, the staff appointed by the Hospital Development Society (HDS) of the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital complained about their poor pay. Balaraman informed that the medical college hospital principal has agreed to up the daily wage of the staff from Rs 250 to Rs 310 a day. The committee members also visited the Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences (MIMS) and Iqra hospital in the afternoon.Prasanna Kumari, deputy director of medical education said the working hours at the MIMS hospital was fixed after discussing with the staff. The Iqra Hospital management has not disbursed last month's salary to its staff so far. She said the committee has directed the management to pay the salary at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241416", "title": "Israeli NSA meets Chidambaram on Delhi attack", "text": "NEW DELHI: Israel's national security advisor Yaakov Amidror on Monday met home minister P Chidambaram and is understood to have discussed progress in the probe into the terror attack on an Israeli diplomat.Amidror and Chidambaram are believed to have deliberated on various aspects of the case and other issues concerning the two countries during the 50-minute meeting, sources said.Both Amidror and Chidambaram refused to say anything on what transpired during the meeting at North Block. Amidror's visit comes close on the heels of the arrest of an Indian journalist, Syed Mohammed Kazmi, in connection with the February 13 attack in which diplomat Tal Yehoshua-Koren was seriously injured.It is not clear how much information the home minister shared with Amidror on the terror attack probe as the investigation is still on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12241857", "title": "MSEDCL promises no power cuts in summer", "text": "NAGPUR: State-run power distributor MSEDCL has claimed that the power situation will not worsen in the summer months and load-shedding will remain at present levels. At present, MSEDCL enforces load-shedding of 1,500 MW in morning and evening peak hours. The load-shedding has increased to 850 MW from nil in early February. Most of load-shedding is done in villages and small towns. If the power shortage does not increase much, Nagpur will not face any power cuts.A MSEDCL official said that the company was keeping the power situation under control by buying short-term power from the market. \"We have tied up 700 MW till March end. Another 250 MW has been secured for this month and negotiations are going on for purchasing 700 MW for the months of April, May and June.\"The official further said that MSEDCL was expecting increase in Mahagenco power when the 500 MW Khaparkheda unit starts generating power smoothly. \"We are also expecting some power from the first 500 MW of Bhusawal plant,\" the official said.MSEDCL managing director Ajoy Mehta said that the power situation could have been far better if Dabhol had got its full share of gas. \"The generation capacity of Dabhol is 1,900 MW. All the turbines are ready but due to shortage of gas, the plant is producing only 1,100 MW.\"Mehta said that reduction in gas supply was due to decrease in output of Reliance KG basin gas field. \"The output was expected to increase to 60 mmscmd by this time. However, it has reduced to 35 mmscmd and may reduce further. As it is a central government matter, MSEDCL does not have any role,\" he explained.Another MSEDCL official said that if gas supply to Dabhol reduced sharply, then power shortage and, consequently, load-shedding would increase in the state.The Khaparkheda unit started generation in mid-2011 but has never been able to generate at full capacity at a stretch. The Bhusawal unit, which was started in February, too is experiencing starting troubles. The coal-fired generation of Mahagenco is between 5,000 to 5,300 MW at present. This figure had touched 6,400 MW in April 2009. Meanwhile, the biggest power plant of the state - the 2,340 MW plant at Chandrapur will not face generation problems due to shortage of water. This has happened in summer of 2010. At present four old units of Koradi power plant are offline. They can be revived if the power shortage increases too much.Power situation of the state has improved tremendously since mid-2010 through demand side management ( DSM ) schemes and increased availability from various sources. Two power plants - JSW at Jaigad and WPCL at Warora - have started generating in 2011 and the capacity is being increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12241356", "title": "'Your son has the habit of running away from home'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the announcement of meet for parents of missing children got published on Monday, more parents have joined the drive to find out their missing sons. One more case came to the group on Monday where a man from Sughad in Gandhinagar said that Adalaj police have taken no steps in last two months.According to Sanjay Joshi, a social worker, Mukesh Patel, a resident of Sughad, Gandhinagar, approached him on Monday and said that his son Sagar, a student of class X of SGVP International School, has been missing since November 2011.\"Patel told us that he approached Adalaj police with his complaint that Sagar was a brilliant kid that fallen in a bad company and had fled from home two times between September and November and was found from their friends' residences.Thus, when he went to police the third time, they told him that his son had the habit of running away and he should wait for some more time. It has been four months and there is no news of him,\" said Joshi.Joshi said that more such parents will meet on Wednesday and decide future course of action to tackle the issue of missing children and create a pressure group to represent their issues to police and government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12239604", "title": "Narendra died fighting mining mafia alone: Wife", "text": "BHOPAL: Slain DSP Narendra Kumar Singh's wife Madhurani Teotia has said her husband got no help from his department while taking on the illegal mining mafia in Morena district.\"Narendra told me several times that there was lot of pressure in his work environment and he was fighting a one-man war against illegal mining in Banmour,\" Teotia told TOI on the phone from Aligarh on Sunday, where she is on maternity leave and is expecting her child this month.An additional collector in Gwalior, Teotia said her husband had arrested a number of tractor-trolley drivers carrying illegally mined stones. \"He would first 'challan' the accused and then instruct the concerned police station to register a case against them of illegal mining. But even before the suspects reached the police station, their lawyers procured bail,'' said Teotia.Teotia claimed her husband had said that the lower rungs of the police department would not follow his orders of arresting those involved in illegal mining. She now says she will continue her husband's fight against the mafia. After the birth of her child, she will return to work in Gwalior.Kumar's father Keshav Dev, however, wants his daughter-in-law transferred, saying, \"This is a fight against the system and the government. My daughter-in-law has to be transferred.''Madhya Pradesh home minister Uma Shankar Gupta and DGP Nandan Dubey had claimed on Friday that the mining mafia was not involved in Kumar's death, and that it was an \"unfortunate'' accident. The police department hinted that the young officer was over-enthusiastic and died in a mishap. Teotia dismissed these explanations angrily.\"People in responsible positions should not make such statements. I have lived and worked in Gwalior, Bhind, Morena, and Datia.Such accidents don't happen there,\" Teotia said, adding, \"This was definitely not an accident; it was murder. My husband gave his life in uniform. If people in high positions can't appreciate an officer, they should at least remain silent.''She said she hasn't been officially informed about the judicial inquiry ordered by CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan. \"I came to know about the judicial inquiry through other channels. Nothing was conveyed to me. I will wait for its findings,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12242531", "title": "Straying leopard holed up beneath IAF runway", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The elusive leopard that had given sleepless nights to the Indian Air Force (IAF) personnel and the Chandigarh Forests and Wildlife Department has finally surfaced. Only, that it has taken shelter underground, in a 50-metre-long pipe carrying cables under the IAF runway and has defied all efforts to capture it.\"The leopard is a medium-sized male and we were alerted about its presence this morning by the IAF authorities. We have blocked all openings from the pipe except one where a trap with a live bait of a chicken has been placed. We are hoping that the leopard will try and escape in the night and will fall into the trap. We tried to scare it with crackers but it did not come out of the pipe. We also requisitioned the fire brigade and tried to spray the pipe with water jets but that did not work as the maze of cables made the water ineffective,\" Santosh Kumar, Chandigarh Chief Wildlife Warden (CWW) told TOI.A fully-equipped team from the Chhatbir zoo comprising veterinarians and animal handlers was also rushed to the IAF base, which is adjacent to the Chandigarh civil airport. The CWW with his full staff was deployed there through the day to rescue the leopard. However, the zoo team could not use the tranquilizer gun on the leopard. \"It could have endangered the life of the leopard as the pipe is very narrow. We would have found it difficult to administer the antidote in time and the leopard could have died. It would have been very difficult to retrieve the unconscious animal from the maze of cables inside the pipe. We could not make entry points into the pipe as it could have damaged the IAF runway, which is used as a back-up landing field for aircraft,\" said Kumar, adding that a team of the UT forests department is keeping vigil during the night over the leopard's hiding place.The leopard must have sneaked into the IAF base from the water courses. There is an abundance of wildlife in the IAF base, which has thick grass and \"lantana\" jungles. Blue bulls and stray cattle are found within IAF base along with stray dogs. Chandigarh officials were earlier exploring possibility of the animal not being a leopard as no kill had been found at the IAF base. However, the sighting of the leopard on Monday within the pipe has laid to rest all speculation. The first alert about the leopard came about 10 days ago when the IAF ground staff spotted the big cat near the runway.Earlier, the wildlife officials had removed the cages that had been installed in the Air Force forest area to trap the leopard. The IAF officials had stated that the traps were removed after they had failed to trace any leopard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12241831", "title": "Road rage: Businessman held for attempt to murder", "text": "MUMBAI: Asouth Mumbai businessman and his 25-year-old son were arrested by the police for attempted murder after they allegedly rammed their Maruti Swift into a Honda City not once but thrice in a fit of road rage on Sunday afternoon. The fact that the passengers in the City included two senior citizens and a two-year-old toddler did not deter the accused-Sudarshan Aggarwal (50) and his son Mayur Aggarwal (25), who run a transport business at Mumbai Central and reside at Bhulabhai Desai Road-said eyewitnesses. So great was the impact that the front portion of the Honda City was smashed completely. The incident took place around 12.15pm on Keshavrao Khadye Marg near Mahalaxmi station junction.Amit Valinjkar (38), a consultant with an MNC in Lower Parel, was driving the Honda City. With him were his wife, their two-year-old son, his father who is a cancer patient and his mother. The Aggarwals took umbrage when Amit honked at the Swift blocking traffic at the busy junction.After visiting Mahalaxmi Temple, the Valinjkars, who live in Navi Mumbai , were on their way to Worli. Amit was driving on Keshavrao Khadye Marg towards Mahalaxmi flyover, when the Aggarwals overtook him with the intention of turning right towards Jacob's Circle, say police officials. But the Swift did not make that turn, and instead allegedly blocked vehicular traffic on the road.Suspects rammed car thrice2-Yr-Old Boy &amp; Elderly Cancer Patient In CarAsouth Mumbai businessman and his son have been arrested and charged with murder for ramming repeatedly into a car irked by the Honda City owner's repeated honking . Amit Valinjkar informed the police that as the Maruti Swift was in his path, he had honked a couple of times. This apparently infuriated Mayur Aggarwal who reversed his car and started abusing Amit for his lack of patience. His father, and brother-who was also in the vehicle-joined in and the two parties got into a heated argument.At this point Mayur drove the Swift a little ahead, reversed and then rammed it into the front portion of the Honda City. He repeated this thrice even though the Valinjkars were still inside their car. Not satisfied, the Aggarwals then got out and started abusing the Valinjkars again, who by this time were in a state of shock, said eyewitnesses.The incident lasted for around ten minutes, and a huge crowd had gathered at the busy street junction. A beat vehicle from the Tardeo police station, which was passing by, stopped to investigate. The Aggarwals were taken into custody and charged with IPC Sections 307 (attempt to murder), 504 (intentional breach of peace), 279 (rash driving) and 427 (causing damage to property). They have been remanded in police custody till Wednesday.\"The complainant has filed an FIR against the Aggarwals. We have independent witnesses who have corroborated their version and even the accused have admitted to their guilt,\" said inspector D Patil of the Tardeo police station. Though the police have arrested Mayur and his father, they are yet to arrest the younger brother, Harshwardhan Aggarwal . \"We have not arrested Harshwardhan as he is a college student and had an examination today. We will take him into custody after the exams get over. This is a serious incident and we cannot allow goonda raj and hooliganism on the streets,\" Patil added.Another police officer who did not wish to be named said: \"Their lawyer has been threatening us with their contacts with some senior officers. Though they have admitted to their role in the incident, they are justifying it as a spur-of-the-moment reaction to an unpleasant situation.\" When TOI visited the Aggarwals' residence at Bhulabhai Desai Road, the house was locked. If found guilty for attempted murder, the Aggarwals can face a maximum of 10 years' imprisonment.PAST CASESJANUARY 2012A Vile Parle based businessman, Mahesh Jhunjhunwala and his brother Yogesh, slapped an on-duty traffic constable. The constable Ajit Pawar allegedly ignored the duo's request to clear a traffic snarl, which infuriated the brothers. They were arrested by the MIDC police for assaulting a public servant Yogesh Khatri, a bank employee, was arrested after he allegedly assaulted the driver of a BEST bus. Khatri took umbrage when the driver did not let him overtake the bus. In anger, he got out of his car, boarded the bus, and abused and assaulted the driverJULY 2010Congress corporator Vasudev Munj from Mira Road allegedly assaulted and threatened an estate agent Haider Shaikh. When Shaikh tried to overtake Munj, the corporator got out of his car, assaulted Shaikh and fired a round in the air from a gun that he was carrying. Munj was arrested by the Mira Road policeMAY 2009A bank executive assaulted a doctor who overtook his vehicle near Portuguese Church in Dadar. The banker was arrested by the Dadar police but released after he reached a settlement with the complainant", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12242209", "title": "City scientist honoured for mining innovations", "text": "NAGPUR: When we talk hi-tech, we don't generally visualize mining industry that is perceived to be a traditional one. Yet, mining technology has changed by leaps and bounds in the last few decades improving the productivity as well as safety. A city scientist More Ramulu from the Central Institute for Mining and Fuel Research (CIMFR), who has contributed immensely in this field, has received the prestigious National Geoscience Award in recognition for his work.Ramulu bagged the award for developing many safer and more productive techniques in mining in the last ten years. He has also earned five patents for those. The award presented by the Union ministry of mines is for the year 2010 as the entire awards process is lagging by two years.\"It is a very prestigious award and has proved that good work always pays. One of the criteria for choosing the candidate is that his research should qualify for implementation by industry. Most of my technologies are already being used in the industry. Somehow I have an aptitude for research,\" Ramulu told TOI. He has published 30 technical papers in international journals since 1998 and some of his techniques are being used in making Himalayan tunnels resulting in significant improvement in performance. Also, one of his simulation software has been applied in more than 10 major opencast coal mines and 3 metal mines.The award was presently recently to him by Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar and union minister of mines Dinshah Patel. Until 2009, this award was called the national mineral award but it has now been renamed the national geosciences award. It is presented to scientists and their teams working in the field of earth sciences.The first technology developed by Ramulu in 2003 was not directly related to mining. It is a highly efficient and innovative equipment called 'bore-trap' that could be used for rescuing small children falling in abandoned bore holes or wells accidently. Ramulu claims his technique 'power plug for bottom decking of blast holes', used in the Malanjkhand in Madhya Pradesh and the Durgapur open cast coal mines (experimental basis) in Chandrapur district, have increased productivity by 15%. \"Though generally the same technology cannot be used in both open cast and underground mines, one of my methods, the in-hole delay solid blasting technique can be used in both,\" he said explaining advantages of the equipment and techniques developed by him.Major technologies developed by Ramulu and his team* Bore-trap, a device for rescuing small children trapped in abandoned bore holes* In-hole or segmentation cutting method for underground mines* Stemming device for application of sand as stemming material in horizontal blast holes* Method for pre-splitting by denting blast holes* Power plug for bottom decking blast holes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12240143", "title": "Govt uses special powers to slash cancer drug price by 97%", "text": "MUMBAI: In a landmark decision that could set a precedent on how life-saving drugs under patents can be made affordable, the government has allowed a domestic company, Natco Pharma, to manufacture a copycat version of Bayer's patented anti-cancer drug, Nexavar, bringing down its price by 97%.In the first-ever case of compulsory licencing approval, the Indian Patent Office on Monday cleared the application of Hyderabad's Natco Pharma to sell generic drug Nexavar, used for renal and liver cancer, at Rs 8,880 (around $175) for a 120-capsule pack for a month's therapy. Bayer offers it for over Rs 2.8 lakh (roughly $5,500) per 120 capsule. The order provides hope for patients who cannot afford these drugs.The approval paves the way for the launch of Natco's drug in the market, a company official told TOI, adding that it will pay a 6% royalty on net sales every quarter to Bayer. The licence will be valid till such time the drug's patent is valid, i.e. 2020. As per the CL (compulsory licence) order, Natco is also committed to donating free supplies of the medicines to 600 patients each year.Bayer said it was \"disappointed\" and would \"evaluate options to defend intellectual property rights\" in the country. In July 2011, Natco had applied for the CL in the Mumbai patent office to make Sorafenib Tosylate for which Bayer has a patent in the country since 2008.Under Section 84, a compulsory licence to manufacture a drug can be issued after three years of the grant of patent on the product, which is not available at an affordable price. Under the World Trade Organisation TRIPS Agreement, compulsory licences are legally-recognized means to overcome barriers in accessing affordable medicines. This is the first time in the history of the Indian Patents Act, 1970, that the provision under Section 84 has been invoked.The patent office acted on the basis that not only had Bayer failed to price the drug at a level that made it accessible and affordable, it also was unable to ensure that the medicine was available in sufficient quantities within India. Controller general of patents, P H Kurian, based his decision on Bayer's admission that only 2% of kidney and liver cancer patients were able to access the drug, and its pricing (Rs 2.8 lakh for a month) did not constitute a \"reasonably affordable\" price.Since 2005, domestic drug manufacturers have faced formidable barriers in the manufacture of patented drugs, and this has been remedied by the compulsory licensing provision to prevent patent holders from having a monopoly over certain essential medicines.Interestingly, generic manufacturer Cipla has already launched generic Nexavar (Sorafenib Tosylate) at around Rs 28,000 per 120-capsule pack, and is embroiled in a dispute with Bayer in the Delhi high court.Economist and intellectual property expert James Love said, \"The Bayer price of Rs 34,11,898 per year ($69,000) is more than 41 times the projected average per capita income for India in 2012, shattering any measure of affordability. Bayer tried to justify its high price by making claims of high R&D; costs, but refused to provide any details of its actual outlays on the research for Sorafenib, a cancer drug that was partly subsidized by the US Orphan Drug tax credit, and jointly developed with Onyx Pharmaceuticals. Bayer has made billions from Sorafenib, and made little effort to sell the product in India where its price is far beyond the means of all but a few persons.\"Dr Tido von Schoen-Angerer, director of independent healthcare organization, MSF, said, \"We have been following this case closely because newer drugs to treat HIV are patented in India, and as a result are priced out of reach. But this decision marks a precedent that offers hope. It shows that new drugs under patent can also be produced by generic makers at a fraction of the price, while royalties are paid to the patent holder. This compensates patent holders while at the same time ensuring that competition can bring down prices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12242190", "title": "Cheers! cubs come to fore", "text": "NAGPUR: If the loss of seven tigers in the state in four months is indeed disturbing - sighting of four new cubs in the proposed Umred-Kharangla Wildlife Sanctuary (UKWS), 60km from Nagpur, is like an icing on the cake.The four cubs, around three-months-old, were born to a resident tigress nick-named 'Chandni' in the proposed sanctuary area. Chief conservator of forests (CCF) CR Gajbhiye confirmed that a tigress had delivered four cubs.\"The cubs were actually sighted by some field staffers and local villagers a few days ago. We have sounded an alert and security has been beefed up by posting additional staff in the area,\" Gajbhiye stressed.\"We had information about small-sized pugmarks. We thought it could be of leopard but presence of tiger cubs was confirmed after direct sighting,\" senior officials pleading anonymity told TOI.This is the third record of a tigress delivering cubs in the Kharangla-Ranmangli forest area. In 2009, two tigresses with three and two cubs respectively were sighted in Bhiwapur forest range.The tigress that fell in an open well in Tass last October was one among the two cubs of Ranmangli tigress. The cubs of both the tigresses might have separated. Only a scientific study can clear the air of confusion about exact number of tigers in the area.\"With the arrival of new cubs, we expect there may be around 10-12 tigers in the Bhiwapur range now. The 25 sq km forest area, which is contiguous to Paoni in Bhandara and Brahmapuri in Chandrapur is too small to accommodate increasing tigers,\" said an official.Two days ago, principal secretary (forest) Praveen Pardeshi had sighted a male tiger named Chaitram for nearly half-an-hour in Navegaon area. Pardeshi was on way to Gadchiroli to attend official meetings.Forest officials said the breeding tigresses in the area are indicators of good habitat. \"Even before being declared a sanctuary, the area is doing well. It also proves that locals co-exist with tigers without any visible conflict. Hence, proposed sanctuary should include only those villages which are inevitable,\" they said.The government has made up its mind to declare U-K sanctuary, but including too many villages in it would prove disastrous for wildlife. The state is already burdened with rehabilitation of over 200 villages inside 42 protected areas (PAs). Hence, inclusion of more villages will spell doom for tigers here.Conservationists said that there is now need to take up participatory management by setting up eco-development committees (EDCs) and joint forest management committees (JFMCs) in the Bhiwapur-Ranmangli area.\"In summer tiger range shrinks and is concentrated near a water body. At the same time people's interference also increases for tendu and mahua. Intense monitoring and mitigative measures will have to be taken to ease the situation ,\" said wildlife experts.'Need to expedite sanctuary proposal'\"We need to protect tigers that are facing extinction. Declaring Umred-Kharangla sanctuary is a good option. Given a proper shape, tigers will bring jobs for locals in the form of tourism and allied activities and boost local economy,\" said wildlife conservtionists. The proposal is being revised and will be in two blocks - Kuhi and Bhiwapur in Nagpur and Paoni in Bhandara. It will include 61.57 sq km reserved forests and 127 sq km protected forest. Bhiwapur, Kuhi and Paoni ranges are being included in the sanctuary.The proposal was first mooted by Umred NGO Wildlife Conservation and Development Centre (WLCDC). The proposed sanctuary lies 45km south-east of Nagpur. There are positive indications from chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and forest minister Patangrao Kadam on the proposal. The state has to declare suitable areas as PAs as PA network (sanctuaries and national parks) in Maharashtra has drastically decreased from 4.97% to 2.6% i.e. from 15,332 sq km to 8,059 sq km - a sharp drop by 60.55%. This was due to denotification of GIB sanctuary in Nanaj (Solapur) from 8,496 sq km to 1,222 sq km. As per the Central policy, PA area should be 4-5% of the total land area of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12232368", "title": "Salman's item number for Dabangg Sequel", "text": "It's going to be a double dhamaka for Salman Khan fans. Dabangg's most popular Chulbul Pandey will be doing an item number in its sequel.Salman's character, Chulbul Pandey has become one of the more popular characters in Bollywood. Looking at its popularity, the makers and the music team of Dabangg 2 have decided to add a peppy, masaaledaar number - Pandeyji mare seeti - on which Salman will show off his dance histrionics and match his steps with Malaika Arora Khan who performed to 'Munni Badnaam hui' in part one of Dabangg.The film will have yet another item song featuring Kareena Kapoor. The music of Dabangg 2 will be composed by Sajid-Wajid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12240148", "title": "Dalit minor gang-raped in Betul, three arrested", "text": "BHOPAL: A 14-year-old dalit girl was gang-raped at village Chandera near Multai on March 4 and the police arrested three people for the crime in Betul district of Madhya Pradesh on Monday. Another accused, a former sarpanch, is absconding.Police said the accused forcibly entered the girl's house at village Chandera when she was alone and gang-raped her. The victim's mother had gone to meet her eldest daughter when the incident took place.The girl narrated the incident to her mother when she returned but it took almost a week for the family to muster courage to report the matter to the police. The victim accompanied by her mother reached Multai police station and lodged a complaint naming four people, including a former sarpanch.The police arrested Arjun, Shankar Kumbi and Ashok Gond on the basis of the girl's complaint and slapped rape charges and cases under the provisions of SC ST Atrocities Prevention Act against them. Police said accused Vasudev Gond, identified as a former sarpanch, is absconding.In the last two months there has been a spurt in the number of cases of sexual assault on women. The police claimed that the increase in number of registered crimes was because of the prompt action being taken in lodging an FIR as soon as complaints are received.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12241959", "title": "Cabinet fails to approve Comprehensive Budget Text", "text": "RANCHI: Even after two hours of discussion on Monday, the state cabinet failed to approve the Comprehensive Budget Text (COBT) for the next fiscal (2012-13). The state government has to lay the budget in Jharkhand assembly on Thursday.Sources present in the meeting said there were differences among the ministers and the departmental secretaries over vague information about the projects to be undertaken in the coming fiscal. The officers wanted that if the department had asked for budget allocation to dig 500 tube wells, it should also mention the place for the tube wells, at least the district and the block. \"The ministers were of the view that without giving specific information, the budget for the department should be approved by the cabinet,\" said a source.The second point of contention within the cabinet was reduction of budgetary allocation for various departments.Cabinet secretary Aditya Swaroop, however, declined to give any detail of the meeting. \"Budget has to be tabled in the house and any discussion related to it cannot be disclosed at the moment,\" said Swaroop. However, he confirmed that COBT was not approved by cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12242649", "title": "New MoEF rules may hit realty business", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The new set of rules issued by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) would make construction of new buildings impossible in the state, opined a meeting of architects, engineers, hotel and hospital owners and representatives from the district's IT sector hosted by the Malabar Chamber of Commerce (MCC) on Monday.The meeting sought the immediate intervention of chief minister Oommen Chandy on the issue as the new rules would adversely impact the social and economic sectors of the state and bring all the development activity in the state to a standstill.The MoEF has recently issued a new set of rules governing the construction of high rise buildings linking the height of the building to the width of the road and distance to the nearest fire station.\"Construction of new buildings would become impossible as 90% of roads in the state had a width of less than five metres. The new guidelines also stipulate that buildings should be located close to fire stations which is impractical to be implemented in the state,\" M P M Mubashir, secretary of MCC said.He added that all the ongoing construction works of IT parks, hospitals, and educational institutions and many private and public projects would have to be stopped if the provisions in the guidelines were to be implemented.MCC office bearers said that the MoEF had not conducted any study in Kerala or about the roads in the state before issuing the guidelines.They demanded a detailed study on the issue and urged necessary amendments to be made to the rules. MCC president P G Anup Narayanan presided over the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240857", "title": "Doctor held for using 'lost' ATM card", "text": "PUNE: A doctor was arrested on Monday for allegedly using another person's ATM card for shopping for Rs 19,610.Archana Sarkale (28) of Hadapsar had lodged a complaint in November last year, saying that she had lost her ATM card. The doctor found Sarkale's ATM card and used it 29 times to pay hotel bills and purchase a mobile phone, said inspector (crime) Vishambhar Golde of Hadapsar police station.A magistrate court remanded the doctor to police custody. The team that nabbed the doctor includes sub-inspector Dwarika Dokhe and constables Fabian Samson, Rahul Shinde, Fatehsinh Gaikwad, Mahesh Waghmare, Amol Shingate, Suraj Shendge and Suraj Gaikwad. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12242436", "title": "Coming up: Shelters for stray dogs", "text": "CHENNAI: In a novel attempt to tackle the growing stray dog menace in the city, the Corporation of Chennai has decided to set up dog shelters across the city. Mayor Saidai Duraisamy said the shelters would be for 2,000 dogs. According to statistics available with the corporation, 40,446 people in 2010, 38,454 people in 2011 were bitten by dogs across the city.\"These shelters will also have adequate veterinary assistance. Dogs in such shelters will also be part of the Animal Birth Control (ABC) programme,\" said a corporation official. The civic body will also encourage the adoption of such dogs.Animal lovers, however, were against the decision to start dog shelters. \"The civic body should have intensified the ABC programme rather than putting all the stray dogs in one place. Dogs shelters are always an utter failure,\" said Satya Radhakrishnan, honorary joint secretary of Blue Cross.The corporation has also given financial approval to a plan to control the rat menace. \"There is an increase in the number of rats and bandicoots in the city and necessary steps should be taken to control this,\" said Duraisamy. Professional agencies with rat control expertise will be made available to institutions, godowns and warehouses to deal with it. Stray cattle are also proving a severe traffic hazard. To tackle this, the civic body has decided to purchase five new cattle catcher vehicles. \"Cattle are found resting in the middle of the busiest stretches. They have to be removed otherwise they could cause accidents,\" the mayor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "12241985", "title": "Host of development schemes for Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: The Garhwa civic body has planned a number of development schemes in the town areas. In the first phase, 30 development schemes will be taken up.The schemes include construction of concrete roads and drains in all the 20 wards of the civic body, Alakh Nath Pandey, vice-chairman of the Garhwa municipality, said.He said there would be no compromise with quality in developmental work, adding officials were a hindrance as they were not cooperating with the civic body. \"Government officials as well as ward councillors should be present at the construction site so that work is of high quality\", the vice-chairman said. Pandey expressed strong displeasure over the attitude of highly-place government officials, who never bothered to visit the construction site.Pandey, who inspected the ongoing construction of a drain at Dipwan on Monday, found some irregularity in construction of the drain. He ordered for holding up the payment of the concerned contractor. He has also appealed to the local residents to be present at the construction site so that the quality of work does not suffer. They should immediately inform the municipality in case of poor work by the concerned contractor, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12242455", "title": "'Darling' set to steal hearts this weekend", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Art lovers in city are set to get a rare treat of a Russian love story to be staged at Punjab Kala Bhawan this weekend. The play is based on Russian writer Anton Chekhov's story \"Darling\" which portrays soft, innocent and human aspects of love. The play, renamed \"Prem Rang\" has been organized by Rudra Theatre Company and Mask Theatre and directed by Ravinder.\"Prem Rang\" is the story of a girl named Olenka, who cannot live without loving someone. She is a young woman whose life takes meaning only once she is in a relation with men to the men whom she falls in love with. She talks what her husband talks and she has no opinion of her own.\"For other women who have relations with many men it would be a disgrace, but for \"Darling\" no one speaks ill as she is pure at heart and honest about her feelings. This story talks about eternal love,\" said Ravinder.Keeping in mind how city lacks behind in theatre of this genre, Ravinder has picked up this play to generate interest among people for romantic plays. \"In Chandigarh people are used to watching plays with social messages, comedy, historical relevance and mythological plays, but one rarely finds love stories enacted,\" he said.The play features 30 theatre artists, including professionals and amateurs. Special costumes and set have been specially designed for the play and various props have been made by the team themself. From 40 days the team has been meeting on a daily basis for rehearsals.Soumya Singh, one of the actors said, \"We meet at 8.30am and are together till 6pm or 7pm. During the day we spend around three-four hours making props.\"As a unique effort, Ravinder has designed the posters and invitations of the play in a way that it has photographs and names of the entire cast. It will be for the second time that the director will present a play of this genre. Earlier in July 2010, he staged a play, \"Romance at Rock Garden\". This play was also based on Anton Chekhov's story \"Romance\". The play will be staged at Punjab Kala Bhawan in Sector 16, Chandigarh, at 6.30pm. The play has been supported by Ministry of Culture Delhi. Entry to the play is free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12240304", "title": "Rajasthan festival in city from March 16", "text": "INDORE: In it's bid to attract domestic tourists, the neighbouring desert state will hold a three-day 'Rajasthan Calling Festival' at the basketball complex premises in Indore from March 16.\"The aim of the festival is to give a feel of Rajasthan, facilitate a better understanding about the state and showcase the traditional culture and the exquisite range of Rajasthani handicrafts and delicacies. The highlight of the festival will be Rajasthani folk performance and traditional Rajasthani food court,\" said Usha Sharma, Rajasthan's principal secretary, tourism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241060", "title": "Close shave for 121 Air India flyers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over hundred people aboard Air India's AI-614 flight had a miraculous escape on Monday when the tail of the aircraft hit the runway at a very high speed while landing. The incident occurred at 8.30am when the plane was flying into Mumbai from Ahmedabad with 121 passengers.An apparent miscalculation by the pilots led to the aircraft not touching down at the correct angle, leading to the tail strike. Luckily, no one was hurt.The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has ordered a probe into the incident. \"I have sought details from the airline,\" DGCA chief Bharat Bhushan said.Sources added that the two pilots, including a woman commander, would not be flying till the report was out so that necessary correctional training (called refresher), if required, was undertaken by them before being allowed to fly again.\"Mostly, tail strikes occur during a landing when a captain flares the aircraft over and above the prescribed angle. This can be serious as the speed of an aircraft (like in the Monday's incident) during landing is over 250 kmph and the impact can even lead to the plane breaking apart,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12240459", "title": "Mangalhat corporator held, aides cry foul", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a tactical move, the Central Crime Station (CCS) police on Monday arrested Mangalhat corporator Raja Singh for allegedly purchasing a stolen vehicle with a registration number obtained through fraudulent means. He was produced in court and remanded to judicial custody till March 26.Though police claim to have arrested him for purchasing the stolen vehicle, the TDP corporator's associates allege that the arrest was politically motivated to thwart mobilization of people for the forthcoming festivals, Srirama Navami and Hanuman Jayanthi.At about 7.30 am, CCS Automobile team swooped on Raja Singh's house in Mangalhat and picked him up. They recovered the stolen Qualis (AP 07 P 6038) from his possession.Last month, the Automobile team had arrested an inter-state vehicle-lifter Lal Bahadur Singh of Mangalhat and recovered six stolen four-wheelers from his possession. In his confession, Lal Bahadur claimed that he had sold a stolen Qualis (KL 11 T 2378) to Raja Singh in December 2010. Lal Bahadur explained to police that the vehicle was stolen by vehicle thieves from Mallapuram in Kerala in October 2010 and supplied to him through a close associate, Vamshi.Before selling the vehicle to Raja Singh, Vamshi in collusion with the Regional Transport Authority (RTA) staff in Narsaraopet in Guntur district, got it a local registration number (AP 07 P 6038). \"The number originally belongs to a TVS Champ two-wheeler, but in collusion with the RTA staff, the fraudsters got it assigned it to the stolen Qualis,\" Automobile team inspector M Ravinder Reddy said.After obtaining local registration number, Vamshi handed over the Qualis to Lal Bahadur Singh, who sold it to Raja Singh for Rs three lakh. \"Raja Singh was aware that the vehicle he had purchased was a stolen one and the documents were obtained in a fraudulent manner. We have booked cases against him under Sections 379 (theft), 411 (dishonestly receiving stolen property knowing it be stolen), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating) and 471 (knowingly using as genuine a forged document) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC),\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), CCS, J Satyanarayana said.Meanwhile, close associates of Raja Singh alleged that his arrest was influenced by some political parties.Ajay Sharma, a close aide of Raja Singh, said the TDP corporator was arrested at the behest of a party which exerts its influence in the Old City. \"On Sunday night, Raja Singh had organised a meeting at Rahimpura grounds in Mangalhat in connection with the upcoming Sriram Navami festival. His sudden arrest the next day, that too without any provocation, clearly indicates the involvement of certain political parties,\" Ajay Sharma alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12241606", "title": "SSCB steals the show onDay 1 of wrestling meet", "text": "PATNA: Kanhaiya Lal Yadav of Kaimur won the first gold for Bihar in the All India Federation Cup Wrestling Tournament at the Patliputra Sports Complex here on Monday. Brijesh of Buxar won silver in Greco-Roman (GR) 120kg category. Services Sports Control Board (SSCB), Pune, bagged five gold medals to finish the first day on top.Kanhaiya won the gold in 55 kg GR category after defeating Deepak of Delhi and Jagdish of West Bengal. Gaurav Sharma of SSCB beat Bablu Kumar of Jharkhand to win silver while Jagdish Prasad of West Bengal settled for bronze after overcoming Deepak Kumar of Delhi in the same category.Ripunjay Kumar of Bettiah (GR 84 kg), Ranjit (freestyle 66 kg) and Samar Bahadur Yadav of Kaimur (GR 66 kg) also won bronze for Bihar.In 55 kg freestyle, Sandeep Tomar (SSCB) got the better of Praveen of Delhi for gold. Abhishek of Madhya Pradesh and Balram Yadav of Maharashtra shared the bronze.Sheetal Tomar of UP won gold in women's 48 kg freestyle while Babita of Jharkhand won silver and Runa Ghoroy of Tripura bagged bronze.Eleven men's and five women's teams are participating in the two-day tournament. Top eight-ranking teams of the country participate in the Federation Cup. But men's teams of Railway Sports Promotion Board and Haryana and women's teams from Punjab, Haryana and Manipur did not turn up.Earlier, the SSCB wrestlers dominated in all the four weight categories of Greco-Roman style and reached the final.Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi inaugurated the tournament. He said Bihar government was promoting rural sports by organizing big tournaments in the state. Minister for art, culture and youth affairs Sukhda Pandey and HRD principal secretary Anjani Kumar Singh, besides Brajesh Bhushan Sharan Singh, MP and president of Wrestling Federation of India, were also present on the occasion.Other final results: (Freestyle 66 kg) Naresh, Delhi (gold), Jayanta Sonkar, Madhya Pradesh (silver), Ranjit of Bihar and Amit, SSCB (bronze).GR-66 kg: Harish Panwar, SSCB (gold), Harendra Upadhyay, Gujarat (silver), Samar Bahadur of Bihar and Sunil, Tripura (bronze).Women freestyle 55 kg: Archana Tomar, UP (gold), Poonam, Delhi (silver) and Sompa Poddar of Tripura (bronze).Men's 84 kg freestyle: Vijay, UP (gold), Sumit, Delhi (silver), Raj Kumar of SSCB and Gopal Yadav, Maharashtra (bronze).GR 84 kg: Anil Kumar , SSCB (gold), Suraj, Tripura (silver), Ripunjay of Bihar and Awadhesh of Gujarat (bronze).Women's 63 kg: Rekha Narwal, Delhi (gold), Sonu, Chandigarh (silver) and Malti of Jharkhand (bronze).Men's freestyle 120 kg: Chandra Pal, SSCB (gold), Arvind, UP (silver), Dharmendra of Chandigarh and Suresh of MP (bronze).GR 120 kg: Mohit Hooda, SSCB (gold), Brijesh, Bihar (silver), Shyam Awadh of Gujarat and Sonkar of Delhi (bronze).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12242375", "title": "\u2018Focus should be on biodiversity for food sovereignty\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A two-day seminar on 'Agrarian Change and Small Farmers' organized by the GB Pant Social Science Institute concluded on Monday. The seminar explored alternative ways of addressing issues concerning marginal-and small farmers who comprise 90% of all farmers in the country and contribute 43% of the total value of agricultural output.Chief guest and environmentalist Dr Vandana Shiva spoke on biodiversity conservation in order to maintain the food sovereignty of India. She advocated that small farmers are able to produce more nutritious food as compared to retail chain of food supermarkets. She criticised genetically engineered food and focused on seed, land, water and knowledge to attain the food sovereignty.Prof HM Desarda, former member, Maharashtra State Planning Board and member executive council, University of Hyderabad presided over the function. He advocated the Swadeshi in culture as well as in food. He showed concern for commoditification of human relations. He argued that due to vagaries of monsoon on one hand and wrong agriculture practice on the other there is a deep distress, migration and tragic suicide of the farmers. One solution, he emphasized, is to launch a concerted national movement of watershed development which can enhance the productivity and incomes substantially as demonstrated by the experience of the villages where watershed work are meticulously implemented.Introducing the main theme of the symposium, institute director Prof Pradeep Bhargava raised the issues of ecological, food and agricultural security for Indian farmers. He said food and culture are intensively related, therefore, there is a need to empower small and marginal farmers. Prof Bhargava raised questions on the effectiveness of the proposed National Food Security Bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12241418", "title": "No vaccine yet for HIV/AIDS, says Nobel laureate", "text": "BANGALORE: The world still has no vaccine for HIV/AIDS and Hepatitis C and there's need for a better vaccine against influenza, Australian Nobel Laureate Peter C Doherty said here on Monday.Delivering a lecture, \"Science protects humanity: Adventures in infection and immunity\" at IISc, Doherty said millions have been invested into HIV/AIDS research but there's still no vaccine. \"What we can definitely say is that vaccine research has been enormously revitalized __ it's not just the money, but we have a better understanding of the immune system. Having said that, we are still some distance away from vaccines for particular infectious diseases.\"Doherty said hope lies in a better understanding of certain viruses. \"That's why we were we able to stop SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) in time. It infected 8,000 people and around 10% of them died...\" To that extent we have made an advance in science and understanding of medicine. Science is protecting us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12242091", "title": "CM: No proposal for Chotanagpur Tenancy Act amendment", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Monday said there was no proposal under consideration of the government for amending the Chotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act, clarifying the administration's stance on the legislation for the first time since different political parties have jumped into the debate of weather or not the act be modified.Munda, who has been advocating for a debate on the amendment of the act all along, was answering queries during the chief minister's question hour, a Monday feature in the Jharkhand assembly.\"Yadi koi kanoon upyukt hai ya nahi bata sakte hain, toh woh jinke liye ye kanoon bana hai. Is samay sanshodhan ka koi prsatav vicharadheen nahi hai (If anyone can say if the act is to be amended, it is they for whom the act was made. Presently there is no proposal for amendment of the act under consideration (of the government)\", Munda said while replying to JVM (P) legislative party leader Pradeep Yadav.Yadav said since the Jharkhand high court pronounced its judgment for implementation of the CNT Act, there was an air of confusion in the state and land registration process is being affected. He sought to know from Munda if there was any policy decision pending in this regard.The chief minister clarified that the people for whom the act was made had the first right to respond. \"It is illogical on the part of other groups to raise voice because it concerns a particular group of the society and it is they who will decide if they want any changes in the act or not,\" Munda said.Munda, however, reiterated that the pros and cons of the act must be verified and studied with the passage of time. \"I have offered a debate on the issue and have no hesitation participating in one such debate on the floor of the house so that every political representative gets an opportunity to record his/her stand on the issue,\" he said. Munda also clarified that the court order has not spoken about amending the act. \"Some people seem to be confused about the judgment as it is nothing but an elaboration and explanation of the act whereas people are talking about amendment,\" he said.Responding to VInod Singh of the CPI-ML, the CM agreed to provide library facilities to government schools and appoint librarians in each one of them. He also assured to include paper in Urdu script for the candidates appearing for Jharkhand Public Service Commission examination in response to queries raised by Nizamuddin Ansari and Bandhu Tirkey.While answering to a question related to displacement policy of the state, Munda expressed helplessness of the state saying that Jharkhand has reserve of major minerals for which the Union government issues license and is responsible for making displacement policies. \"We have decided to frame state-specific policy and communicate it to the Centre so that they adhere to the requirements while displacing people for mining especially coal which forms 80% of the total mined area in the state,\" he said.Munda, however, refused to reply K N Tripathy of the Congress who asked the chief minister if there was any plan to extend reservation to other backward castes in Muslim as proposed by the Union government. Munda asked if he wanted this reservation within the share of 27% meant for the OBCs which Tripathy did not answer prompting the chief minister to refuse answering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12242035", "title": "Sadar hospital spic &amp; span on Sharmila visit", "text": "RANCHI: UN goodwill ambassador Sharmila Tagore visited the Sadar Hospital on Monday to take a look at the facilities given to patients under schemes like 'Mamta Vahan' and 'Sabla Scheme' as part of her two-day field visit to Ranchi.The two schemes have been launched by the state government in collaboration with Unicef.Sharmila, along with Unicef state head Job Zachariah, visited the maternity ward of the hospital and spoke to pregnant women admitted there about the facilities provided to them. Zachariah said, \"She was very much impressed with the Mamta Vahan facility in which any pregnant woman can make a call and the ambulance will be at her doorsteps within half an hour.\"According to sahiya sister Akai Minj, Sharmila found the immediate breast feeding after birth very astonishing. \"Sharmila didi said that in metros, a woman is unable to breast feed a child immediately after birth and it was really surprising to see a woman feeding her child within an hour of birth.\"Sharmila spoke to Titari Tirkey, who delivered her child Sunday night, and asked her about the facilities provided to her by Mamta Vahan. Titari said, \"I was brought to the hospital by Mamta Vahan after a sahiya didi made a call to hospital. I and my child have been treated here very well.\"Earlier, it was a hectic day at Sadar Hospital as the entire staff were busy cleaning the hospital. As a result, the hospital had never looked so clean before. Brand new bedsheets, blankets and pillows were given to patients, new curtains had been put up at maternity ward and floors were shining bright after being scrubbed the whole day. Even the toilets looked cleaner than usual. Reeta Devi, a woman admitted there, said, \"Till Sunday, we were using torn bedsheets but new ones were given to us on Monday morning. Even the curtains have been changed on Monday.\"Meera, another patient, said, \"I hope that such big people keep visiting the hospital so that the place is cleaned everyday.\"Hospital's medical superintendent A K Jha said, \"We have less staff so cleaning is not perfect everyday but as a guest was coming we cleaned up the whole place to give a good impression of our state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241277", "title": "President speech lacklustre, will move amendments: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Monday said it will move amendments to the President's address when it comes up for discussion and passage in the two Houses of Parliament, on \"sensitive issues\" including formation of NCTC without consent of the states.Deputy leader of BJP in Rajya Sabha S S Ahluwalia described President Pratibha Patil's speech as \"completely lacking in vision, having no big picture\" and said it dealt with details of how many passport centres had been opened and where all cable TV digitization had taken place.\"The President's address said nothing on how the government intends to deal with the present economic crisis. It does not indicate what steps the government intends to take to revive the economy and economic sentiments,\" Ahluwalia said.BJP will move an amendment on the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC) issue mentioned in the address to underline how this was an example of the Centre encroaching on federal rights of the states, he said. UPA allies Trinamool and National Conference are opposed to it and the opposition has sensed an opportunity to corner the government on this issue.\"In the name of national and internal security, the Centre has been encroaching on the federal structure and formed NCTC without consulting the states. This is virtually snatching the rights of the states without consulting them,\" Ahluwalia said.He pointed out that when the order came, Jammu and Kashmir and West Bengal had opposed it. Asked about other amendments, he said the party would go into the details of the speech and then decide.Describing the President's opening speech to the joint sitting of Parliament as \"lacklustre\", BJP said it had neither any new direction nor any mention about the challenges to federalism. \"The speech is lacklustre because there is no new direction. It is prepared by the government. It is just a list of what has been done which is not enough. It does not say anything about the challenge to federalism and the government's attitude towards the states,\" BJP spokesperson and Rajya Sabha MP Prakash Javadekar told reporters.He contended that the central government was usurping the powers of states through various laws without consulting them. Javadekar said that while the President supported NCTC, she failed to mention opposition from states to such steps.\"This is totally an uninspiring speech. Whether it is on the issue of NCTC, RPF, communal violence bill or several bills of the HRD ministry, the states have not been taken into confidence. This is an attack on federal structure and no mention of this is there in the President's speech,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241740", "title": "Govt will steer economy back to 8-9% growth path: President", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA government is confident of putting the economy back to the 8 to 9% growth path and the long-term fundamentals of the economy remain robust, President Pratibha Patil told Parliament on Monday.Addressing lawmakers while opening the Budget session of Parliament, Patil said growth in the current fiscal year was expected to be about 7%. She said this growth remained healthy given current global trends.\"The current year has been a difficult one for the world economy. Economic uncertainties have had an adverse impact across the globe. There is increased political uncertainty and turbulence in the international system and the environment in which we operate has become more challenging over the last one year,\" Patil said.\"Our economy grew at a handsome rate of 8.4% in 2010-11, but it has slowed down to about 7% this year,\" she added.Patil said India's growth prospects arose from factors such as high domestic savings and investment rates, favourable demographics and a stable democratic polity. \"My government is confident that it will soon steer the country back to the high growth trajectory of 8 to 9%,\" she said.The Indian economy, Asia's third largest, has slowed due to a combination of factors including stubborn inflation, high interest rates, rising input costs and the global slowdown. The Reserve Bank of India raised interest rates 13 times since March 2010 to tame price pressures. Slowing down of decision making in the aftermath of the 2G spectrum scandal also hurt the economy and sectors such as mining and coal.Experts say the economy is expected to rebound in the months ahead as the global economy and the investment climate improve. Inflation, which has remained stubborn for nearly two years, has shown signs of easing. Food inflation has declined significantly and has contributed to the sharp moderation in price pressures.\"Inflation, particularly in food articles, has been a major challenge in many countries including India. Rising global prices of commodities, industrial materials and fuels have contributed to inflation,\" Patil said.\"The government has taken several measures to ease the supply constraints, like reduction in import duties and a calibrated ban on exports. In order to ease the pressure of high international prices on fuels, custom duty on crude oil and import duty on petrol and diesel has been reduced.\"Strong policy actions by RBI and effective measures by the government of India have yielded results. Inflation in primary food articles fell sharply, giving relief to the common man. General inflation has also eased,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "12242986", "title": "Collector seeks makeover of all fire stations in city", "text": "HASSAN: At a time when the whole world has surrendered to the temptation of TV and internet, the people of this remote hamlet in Hassan prefer to play it different. What differentiates them from rest of the ilk is their eternal love for radio.Though radio elsewhere seems to be losing its sheen, B Harinjaya, a farmer in B Byrapura village in Channarayapatna taluk promotes it as an effective tool to spread agriculture related information. He makes the whole village listen to programmes related to agriculture, horticulture, rainwater harvesting and honey bee keeping by connecting the radio to loud speakers placed on the roof top of his house. Broadcasting starts at 5.50 am and ends around 10.30 pm or 11pm.\"We are the first to purchase a radio in the village. There are around 55 houses here. I have been playing radio for them for the past three years. I record agricultural-related seminars through my cellphone and play it,\" says Harinjaya, a proud owner of 50 CDs related to agriculture and rainwater harvesting. Even when AIR employees went on a two-day strike on November 23, he kept the villagers in the loop by playing recorded programmes. His wife Bharathi is more than happy to do the service in the absence of Harinjaya. According to veterinarian K C Somashekar, Harinjaya's love for radio is helpful in spreading awareness about important government programmes like vaccinations to animals. Harinjaya, who uses only solar energy to operate radio and cycle, makes use of cow dung to run the wall clock. He does grow saplings and distributes them to schools. Harinjaya is also in the forefront to organize awareness for children on agriculture and rainwater harvesting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12239804", "title": "Lobbying for high court bench in Coimbatore hits fever pitch", "text": "COIMBATORE: The demand for a high court bench in Coimbatore has become vociferous against the backdrop of the growing crime rate and pending appeals with the court. The Coimbatore Bar Association (CBA) and advocates would like the state government to intervene in this matter.\"Residents have to travel to Chennai to file anticipatory bails, appeals and writ petitions before Madras high court. They spend a lot of time and money on accommodation and travel. If a high court bench is formed in the city, the entire western region will benefit. We are planning to submit a petition before the chief minister regarding this matter,\" said P Nandhakumar, president of CBA.\"The Coimbatore integrated court complex has adequate facilities for a high court bench. The government can use the Kuthiraivandi court for the district judge court,\" he added.According to a senior advocate, 10,000 cases are pending before the eight magistrate courts with an average of 1,500 cases per court. The Coimbatore Bar Association, which had first placed the demand for the bench in 1995, pointed to the urgency in clearing the backlog.\"Over 3,000 advocates work in the integrated court complex. The number of cases has increased in all courts. The high court bench will be useful for the middle class. If the state government sets up the bench, cases will be disposed off quickly,\" said Nandhakumar.\"The courts work for the public, who expect quick relief. If the bench is set up here, expenses will be reduced and residents will get justice immediately,\" said city-based lawyer R Kalaiarasu.But not everyone is in favour of this demand. A judicial officer said it was not necessary. He said the power of the high court should remain exclusively with it. The case disposal rate did not come down after a high court bench was formed in Madurai, he pointed out.At present there are 31 courts at the integrated district court complex here. The courts here include chief judicial magistrate court, eight magistrate courts, four munsif courts, including a principal munsif court andthree additional munsif courts, a mahila court and three fast track courts.According to a senior advocate, 10,000 cases are pending before the eight magistrate courts with an average of 1,500 cases per court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240886", "title": "Will pursue 2G scam case till the end, says Swamy", "text": "PUNE: Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy , who has filed a case against the Prime Minister's Office in the 2G scam , has said that he will pursue the spectrum allocation misappropriation case till the end.Swamy was presented the 'Indrayani award' by the Indrayani Cooperative bank at Chinchwad on Sunday.Swamy said that if people involved in the 2G spectrum scam are punished then it will prove that every criminal will be punished eventually.Referring to the demand of Anna Hazare for a Jan Lokpal bill , Swami said that action can be taken against corrupt people if the existing laws are implemented properly.Swamy said, \"As per the UN resolution of 2005, the Government of India is authorized to bring back the black money stashed abroad. This money is to the tune of Rs 70 lakh crore. If it is brought back, people will not have to pay direct or indirect taxes for the next 25 years. But this government does not have the will to do so. The new government must announce that this money will be nationalized if its owners are unable to prove that it is their legal money.\"Swamy also made a comment on the report published by the London School of Economics which said that India cannot be a superpower. \"India was a superpower 500 years back. It is not difficult for the country, which was once a superpower, to become a superpower again. India can become a superpower in 10 years if all of us unite and work together,\" he said.Swamy emphasized on the need for the country to pay more attention to agriculture. \"The agriculture cost in India is the lowest in the world. Farming can be carried out in all 12 months of the year, but the yield is poor as compared to other countries. There are no cold storage, packaging, small airports and other facilities for farmers. If they are provided good facilities then India can sell agro products to the world,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12242370", "title": "Drunk MTC driver mows down man", "text": "CHENNAI: A drunk driver of an MTC bus was arrested after he ran over a man near Chennai Central on Sunday evening. D Umapathy mowed down an unidentified pedestrian who is estimated to be around 40 years of age. Umapathy , who was behind the wheel of a bus (54T) from Chembarabakkam to Madras high court, had driven for 30km before causing the accident. Police said he had dropped the passengers inside the station and was leaving when he rammed into the man walking on E V R Salai. The rear wheel of the bus ran over the victims' head.\"The victim seems to be someone from a northern state as he had a lot of papers written in Hindi with him. No one has come forward to claim the body yet,\" said a police officer at the Elephant Gate police station which booked the case.With close to 9,000 drivers driving about 3,400 buses and serving more than 50 lakh people everyday, the corporation has no mechanism to check for drunk drivers reporting to duty. \"There are regular training programmes and refreshment workshops. But they don't seem to be working,\" said L Selvaraj of state transport employees union (CITU). Taking the Supreme Court directions forward, the Chennai traffic police have booked the driver under Section 304 (II) under the Indian Penal Code, which is culpable homicide not amounting to murder. Under this Section, the accused can be imprisoned for up to 10 years. \"The driver who is under the influence of alcohol is aware that he can cause death or injury. Therefore we are booking such drivers under the more stringent Section,\" had said Sanjay Arora, additional commissioner of police (traffic) in an earlier interaction with TOI.Earlier, drunk drivers who caused fatal accidents were booked under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code, which makes rash and negligent driving punishable. The maximum punishment for this is two years of imprisonment . Umapathy was also slapped with section 184 ( rash driving) and 185 (driving under the influence of alcohol ). Umapathy, who appeared before the George Town metropolitan magistrate , has been sent to Puzhal prison.In a similar incident last year, two people were killed by an MTC driver at Chennai Central. Commuters at the station said the callous attitude of MTC drivers puts them at grave risk. MTC drivers on an average cause 145 fatalities on the road every year. From 2006 to September 2011, 651 people were killed by MTC buses in 633 accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12240211", "title": "BJD finalizes ZP prez list", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Set to head the zilla parishads in at least 26 districts, the ruling BJD on Monday gave finishing touches to the list of representatives who would contest the ZP presidents elections slated for Tuesday.BJD sources said party president and chief minister Naveen Patnaik consulted different leaders and finalized the names of those who would lead the ZPs in Angul, Balasore, Bargarh, Bhadrak, Boudh, Balangir, Cuttack, Deogarh, Dhenkanal, Ganjam, Jajpur, Jagatsinghpur, Kalahandi, Kendrapada, Keonjhar, Khurda, Malkangiri, Mayurbhanj, Nabarangpur, Nayagarh, Nuapada, Puri, Rayagada, Sambalpur, Subarnapur and Sundargarh. In these districts the regional party has majority and is expected to sail through without any hassle.However, in Koraput, Kandhamal and Gajapati districts the Naveen-led party was making last ditch efforts to control the ZPs as it is engaged in a neck-to-neck tussle with Congress. The Grand Old Party is sure of having its person as chief of the Jharsuguda ZP, where the party won eight of the nine seats in the recent held elections.In Koraput, the fight between BJD and Congress is delicately balanced with both parties having 14 members each. Narayapatna ZP member Zero Mouka, who is said to be backed by the Maoist-supported Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangha (CMAS), holds the key to who would head the ZP. On the eve of the polls, both the BJD and the Congress camps exuded confidence Mouka would align with them. \"He is with us,\" a BJD leader said. Congress insiders too claimed the same thing. Going by discussions in political circles here, both parties are trying their best to strike a good deal with Mouka, who is said to be playing his cards well. Congress might sail through, said a source.The Congress with nine members is one short of majority in Kandhamal district, where the BJD with six ZP members is said to be attempting to stitch a non-Congress alliance with support of BJP which has three ZP members. A few Congress ZP members might even play foul to aid the BJD, sources indicated. The Congress camp, however, is confident of seizing power in Kandhamal.The ruling party is more confident in Gajapati where it has seven ZP members compared to four of Congress and three of BJP. \"We are trying our best to ensure support of one more member. We should have it,\" said a senior BJD leader. In the ZP elections, BJD won 651 out of the 851 seats, followed by Congress (128) and BJP (36).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12239857", "title": "Pak scholar to speak on Sufism in dargah", "text": "AJMER: Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri, Pakistani Sufi scholar and founder of Minhaj-ul-Quran International (an NGO), is expected to deliver a speech on Sufism in the dargah here on Tuesday. This will be the first time that a Pakistani scholar will talk on religious matters here.Qadri, who is currently touring India, attended a function in Hyderabad on Sunday. The intelligence department has tightened the security for his Ajmer visit. Qadri is expected to reach Ajmer early on Tuesday morning. Reliable sources said, \"He will first offer prayers at the dargah and then deliver his speech. Though the authorities have not disclosed Qadri's programme but sources have confirmed his visit to Ajmer.Sources added that earlier it was discussed with the state authorities to fix a bigger venue for the occasion since a huge number of people are expected to attend Qadri's speech. Patel Stadium was considered but finally dargah was decided as the venue. Later in the evening, Qadri is also expected to participate in 'Eid Milanudabi' where every devotee is invited.The Pakistani Sufi scholar became popular when in October 2010 he spoke on 'Jihad' in Europe and cleared religious aspects for the younger generation. \"He is helping in spreading the teachings of Sufism. Sufism is what we need today,\" said a local Muslim scholar. Sources said that the people and the Muslim community are eager to hear Qadri during his Ajmer visit.Qadri's moderate views have annoyed the extremists and therefore intelligence agency is taking no chances with his security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12241425", "title": "Kin cry out against 'abuser' mom", "text": "KOLKATA: At the Child Welfare Committee at Eliot Road on Monday, an elderly man stood weeping inconsolably in a corner. Barely 3km away, his daughter, Priyanka Mullick, was being produced in Sealdah court for alleged child abuse. His tears weren't for Priyanka but his six-year-old grandson that she had allegedly tortured since birth.\"Priyanka is my only child but I feel that she should be punished. She has been ruthlessly torturing her only son, my grandchild. I tried my best to protect him. I did not hesitate to go to court against my daughter to get the boy's custody, but to no avail,\" said Prodyot Haldar, a retired schoolteacher. Neither he nor Priyanka's husband Shyamal Mullick said a word in her defence. Shyamal stood beside his father-in-law, trying to console him.They say they don't understand why Priyanka is so cruel to her son. Shyamal said: \"When I was with her, we fought over this issue a few times. She once shoved the child from the bed and another time hit the boy in the face and left him to bleed,\" alleged Shyamal.\"Perhaps my daughter is the worst kind of exception - a mother that does not care for her own baby,\" said Haldar.Priyanka, 28, was arrested on Sunday from her rented flat in Northern Avenue for torturing her son. She was taken to Sealdah court around 12.45am on Monday and booked for assault and wrongful confinement of the child. The court granted her bail. Neither her husband, nor her parents went to the court to be with her.Haldar instead ran to the Child Welfare Committee office because it will decide whom to give temporary custody of the rescued boy. Years of assault and torture have left him traumatized and physically sick. He is undergoing treatment at a hospital. After counseling, CWC will speak with him to decide on March 21 who will be his custodian.Haldar and Shyamal have filed separate applications for the boy's custody. Haldar has pleaded that since the child's birth on January 2, 2006, he and his wife Mala had brought him up till his fourth birthday. \"Priyanka never allowed her husband and in-laws to touch her son. So she kept the baby with us, but she did not take any care of the baby,\" said Haldar.Priyanka allegedly took the baby to her in-laws' house a day before his fourth birthday and refused to let her parents meet him. \"My daughter then rented a house where she stayed with her husband and son. But after a few months she lodged a complaint against Shyamal and sought divorce. They started living separately and the child stayed with his mother. From the beginning I started getting complaints that she was torturing the child. I tried her to talk her out of it but she abused me and drove me out of her residence. For sake of the child I moved court against my daughter but unfortunately I lost the case,\" said Haldar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12247186", "title": "A dream come true for Shillpi Sharma", "text": "Shillpi Sharma is on cloud nine these days as the actress is now a part of director Madhur Bhandarkar's ambitious project 'Heroine'.The beauty lass has not only got a chance to rub shoulders with actress Kareena Kapoor but more importantly, according to her it was Madhur who called her up directly and told her that he wants her to work in his dream project. \"He asked me to trust him blindly and do it, as he thought I suited the role perfectly and he couldn't think of anyone else for it but me! I was stunned and it's a dream come true,\" chirps the actress happily.However, while asking about her role and character she keeps mum. \"I can only say that it's a pivotal and a very strong character to watch out for.\" So will she play herself in the movie and she replies, \"I am a very soft and warm person at heart but Madhur asked me to keep my niceness aside and work on a tough character; he asked me to just follow his instructions.\"Madhur has always been credited as a controversial director so what does she feel about this tag? \"People who are larger than life and who are extraordinary are usually surrounded with controversies but trust me Madhur is the most dignified and humble man I have ever come across in my life. I whould rather credit him as a 'dream director'. It's not because I'm working with him or he is a family friend but each time I meet him I wonder how he gets into the mind, heart and soul of a women and portray it so well with his films,\" says the actress.Shilpi was last seen on screen in 'Style' and 'Jo Bole So Nihaal'. So after almost seven years of absence, what are her expectations with 'Heroine'? \"'Style' I did while I was in school and 'Jo Bole So Nihaal' after I completed my college so there was a gap between them. After 'Jo Bole So Nihaal', I went to New York to study interior designing and those days my father was also not keeping well so most of the time was spent looking after him. However, now I hope that 'Heroine' will give second chance to my acting career,\" says Shillpi.Good looks with exceptional dance skill undoubtedly makes her the hottest property in Bollywood and Shillpi too have keen interest in doing full-on item songs. She says, \"I would definitely love to do an item song like Chikni Chameli, if get a chance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12240826", "title": "Beating stag curb with women escorts trigger pub brawls", "text": "GURGAON: The curb on stag entry at pubs and night clubs in Gurgaon has spawned a new culture, which has served to corrupt more than cleanse. There are scores of women escorts hanging around pubs, waiting to help a 'single' man gain entry in return for big money. And the business is booming with police turning a blind eye.The escorts ensure easy entry for single men who pay them anywhere between Rs 500 to Rs 5,000 depending on the services offered. They share the dance floor and even share a drink with their clients.Regular visitors to night clubs claim pub managers are aware of the practice, but they prefer to allow their business to boom. Aman, a Gurgaon resident said, \"These women are on the lookout for single men outside pubs. They approach them and offer their assistance. Club operators are in the know of this practice. And the women have their covert support as it helps them get more customers.\" Some pub employees confirmed they also charge commission from the women to allow them do business.This often triggers brawls inside pubs after deals fall through or women escorts claim they have been short-changed by their clients. The police join in for their share of the pie, said a pub hopper.A police officer said, \"We usually try to strike a compromise between the parties as it's about a woman's reputation.\" But rarely are complaints lodged in the police stations.Violent incidents have taken place at reputed pubs where customers allege that stags or group of young men abuse women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12241085", "title": "AAB to confine stir to city, asks lawyers elsewhere to attend courts", "text": "BANGALORE: An end to the impasse over the lawyers' strike appears to be in sight. The Advocates' Association of Bangalore (AAB) late on Monday decided to confine its call to boycott courts only to the city and asked its sister associations elsewhere in the state to end their stir and return to the courts.AAB representatives are calling on the Karnataka high court chief justice Vikramajit Sen on Tuesday morning. An AAB general body has been convened later in the day.The decision came hours after high court chief justice Vikramjit Sen asked AAB members to call off the boycott and pave the way to find a solution to their problems by way of talks. \"As a first step, you call off your strike. We can then talk,\" the chief justice told AAB president K N Subba Reddy and others when they urged him to take up suo-motu cognizance of the March 2 violence at the City Civil Court complex .Balan, a senior advocate, prayed the court pass necessary orders on the lines of those passed by the Madras high court over the violence on its premises a few years ago.\"I have talked to your president sufficient number of times. He let us down (every time). Please do this (take back strike). We go one step further. Please do some introspection. This is helping nobody. There are lots cases pension, regulations and other matters that need to be looked into.We want to know when you will call off your strike. What does the court have to do in this fracas? My colleagues went out of the way to help you. But now you are targeting my colleagues. How can you do that? What more should be done? Please call off the strike. Come back, you will not find us wanting,\" he observed.On Sunday, the AAB had resolved to urge the chief justice to divest justice K Sreedhar Rao of his responsibility of being the administrative judge of the City Civil Court complex.Hour after the chief justice's counsel, the AAB general body met for a couple of hours and decided to continue with the boycott.\"We discussed the matter. The members were in favour of continuing the boycott. Our grievance is not against the judiciary, but against the government. Though the judiciary has taken several steps, the government has not taken any concrete step,\" Reddy told TOI.An AAB delegation later met the chief justice, after which the governing council met and decided to confine its agitation only to the city.There was a marked improvement in attendance of lawyers during the high court proceedings on Monday. The lawyers' turnout in various court halls was way beyond anything witnessed during the last week.With security presence palpable in corridors and outside, proceedings were normal in all court halls. In instances where advocates abstained, the parties were themselves seen presenting their cases as the judges had made it clear that no more adjournments would be given due to the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245136", "title": "Irrfan impresses Hollywood directors", "text": "While his Paan Singh Tomar is still running to packed houses and winning critical acclaim in India, it looks like Irrfan Khan is also making his presence felt in the international circuit.The actor is currently part of some of the much-expected Hollywood films directed by celebrated filmmakers like Ang Lee and Marc Webb. He is playing crucial supporting roles in Webb's Spider-man reboot The Amazing Spider-man (as Dr Ratha, a secondary villain), he will be seen as Pi's father in Ang Lee's screen adaptation of the Booker Prize winning The Life Of Pi. He has also come in for praise for his role on the US TV show In Treatment.\"Irrfan's importance in Hollywood is an interesting thing. A lot of directors are really starting to take notice of him and are looking for roles for Irrfan because he's got such a wonderful reputation. There's a show he did here (in the US) called In Treatment and you really got to see his wonderful abilities. Whether its Danny Boyle or Ang Lee, really very strong directors are starting to take notice of this star, who comes from a land that some view as exotic and far away from us. But you realize with actors like Irrfan, how close they really are,\" gushes Marc Webb.Well, here's wishing Irrfan, a phenomenal actor, even more acclaim on a global scale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "12241785", "title": "Sri Sri leaves for Pak on 3-day peace mission", "text": "ATTARI: Spiritual leader Sri Sri Ravi Shankar left on a three-day peace mission to Pakistan via the Attari land border, on Monday. He believes that meditation and yoga would help eradicate terrorism, and encourage peace and brotherhood.Conversing briefly with mediapersons, Sri Sri said the path to peace is difficult, yet attainable. \"We just need to keep working consistently.\" This will be his second visit to Pakistan, the previous was in 2004. Sri Sri shall meet the top leaders in Pakistan.On the reports of Hindu girls being forcefully converted in Pakistan, Sri Sri said he would talk with the religious heads and create awareness among people. Comparing terrorism to an illness, the spiritual leader commented: \"There have been many conflicts in the past, destruction of life and environment. Now, we must work towards restoring peace and harmony.\"He said the Art of Living Foundation is active in Pakistan for the past seven to eight years. \"There are thousands of youths who showed positive results to meditation and yoga,\" he said. Besides visiting places of religious significance, including the Badshahi mosque, Sri Sri will inaugurate an Art of Living centre.During the previous visit, the spiritual head had introduced stress elimination programmes. He said the Art of Living Foundation was a part of the relief efforts in Swat valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12241858", "title": "Students all smiles after biology paper", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board continued its trend of making students smile when they walk out of examination centre. On Monday, students of class XII appeared for their Biology paper.Most students were of the view that the paper was very easy. Many questions were directly asked from the textbook. Even MCQs were very so simple that most of them attempted cent per cent correct. Sarah Macwan, a XII class student said, \"I was able to complete well before time and even got ample time to revise my paper. I am confident to score above 85 marks.\"Another student, Sakshi Shah happily added, \"The paper was extremely easy. If all the expected papers will be this easy, continuing the trend then I can confidently say that I will score above 95%.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12242109", "title": "City designers to unveil creativity", "text": "LUDHIANA: Local designers are waiting with bated breath for March 17 and March 28, for they will get a chance to showcase their creativity and skills at a fashion and lifestyle exhibition titled \"The superlative show\" in a city hotel. These designers have also tied up with Pakistani designers to showcase the India-Pak wear.Resident of Agar Nagar, Gurpreet Arneja of Life Events said he and his wife Sarleen were planning for this show for the past couple of months. It's their first show, so they do not want to leave any stone unturned and have invited some local designers also.Resident of Model Town, Mandeep Kaur who owns the Deby's boutique said she had tied up with Pakistani designer Bushra and together they will showcase the Indo-Pak western wear.\"I had done a lot of hard work for this show and am sure this combination of countries will be appreciated by the Ludhianvis,\" said Mandeep. Resident of BRS Nagar, Jasleen Takkar said as the summers are approaching, all her outfits will be of cotton. She has designed formal and semi-formal wear for people and hope this platform will be fruitful for her.Inderpal Singh of Chhabra 555 of Pakhowal Road, said designer suit and sarees will be placed and colours have been kept taking into consideration that summers are approaching.Resident of Model Town, designer Avi Kalra of Ozaan said in this show, she will present fusion of Indo-western wear. \"I have tied up with a famous designer of Delhi and together, we will showcase unique dresses,\" said Avi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "12240880", "title": "No trust motion against Bicholim municipal council deputy chairman", "text": "BICHOLIM: In a major development in the Bicholim municipal council (BMC) on Monday, seven councillors moved a no-confidence motion against the deputy chairman while withdrawing the earlier no-confidence motion against the chairperson.According to sources, seven members, who had joined BJP group, including Anisha Vernekar, Karuna Govekar, Riyaz Beg, Kamlesh Teli, Kamlarak Teli, Premanand Mayeka and Narayan Betkikar moved the no-confidence motion against deputy chairman Shashikant Naik Halarnkar.The three members from the ruling group who had earlier submitted a no-trust motion against the chairperson, Anisha Vernekar withdrew the motion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12242093", "title": "Attack on Wander condemned", "text": "LUDHIANA: A day after unidentified miscreants attacked the chief cardiologist of Hero Dayanand Medical College and Hospital's Heart Institute, Dr G S Wander was discharged from the neurosurgery ward.Wander, who is under observation at his residence, was reported to be attacked at Tapa Mandi in Bathinda. The doctor was returning to Ludhiana by car after attending a conference at Aadesh Institute of Health Sciences on Sunday.DMCH principal Dr Daljeet Singh said Wander had sustained injuries on head, knee and other parts of the body and he was sent home on Monday. The managing society of DMCH, faculty of DMCH and IMA Ludhiana condemned the attack.A spokesperson of DMCH said Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal called up the secretary of DMCH managing society, Prem Kumar Gupta, on Monday morning and expressed concern about the untoward incident. He added that senior police authorities of Punjab, prominent citizens and all management members of DMCH managing society were equally perturbed.No arrests have been made in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12240859", "title": "Gurgaon nightlife has dark underbelly", "text": "GURGAON: The Millennium City may have a rocking nightlife, but danger lurks in every dark corner here. Frequent brawls, drunken fights and misbehaviour with women has given a notorious tag to Gurgaon's Mall Mile - a stretch that houses several night clubs and pubs.At least half-a-dozen pubs operate from Sahara Mall and police are flooded with complaints of brawls. Three months ago, a woman visitor was assaulted by two bouncers at a reputed pub in the same mall.It was a black day for Gurgaon on New Year's Eve when several women were molested by a mob outside Sahara Mall. The goons even damaged a PCR van and assaulted a cop.Despite rising complaints of molestation and abduction of women from MG Road, the Gurgaon police seem to have done little to make the stretch safe at night.Lack of basic infrastructure like streetlights, adequate police patrolling, footpaths and CCTVs on major roads and trouble spots have only helped and criminals to flourish. Single women are often targeted.Sabrina Lall, sister of late Jessica Lall, said, \"The gang rape incident is very unfortunate. You don't know who will be the next victim. It can happen to anyone, and I myself feel scared to step out of home at night. I can only advise women to avoid going out alone from malls and BPOs. Pub owners should ensure that couples are not only offered cab services, but are also escorted home safely. They can charge extra for that.\"What is surprising is that such incidents are reported frequently despite traffic police claims of conducting regular checks on drunk driving, especially on this stretch on MG Road during weekends. There have been several incidents in the past when brawls erupted in pubs.Nisha Singh, councillor of ward number 30, said liquor vends on major roads add to the nuisance. \"Low police presence and mushrooming liquor vends have turned the city into a crime hub. They get involved in heinous crimes like this. We must have sound policing to make the city safe for everyone,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "jagaddal", "code": "12241529", "title": "Trinamool man killed", "text": "Jagaddal: Goons gunned down a 34-year-old Trinamool leader was shot dead by some unidentified miscreants at Mominpur near Jagaddal in North 24-Parganas on Monday night. Police are looking for the accused, no arrests were made till late night.The incident occurred around 8pm, Santosh Rajak, an employee of Anglo India Jute Mill, was standing in front of a tea stall when a white car stopped there. Police said that the incident took place around 8pm when Santosh Rajak, the victim, a employee of Anglo India Jute Mill was standing infront of a tea stall. A white car stopped in front of the shop and two armed persons got down and shot twice at Rajak. The bullet struck him in the head and chest.A bullet hit him in the head. Police are yet to make any arrests. The miscreants immediately fled the spot.Rajak was struck by the bullet on his head and chest and crumpled to the ground bleeding profusely. On hearing the gun shits locals rushed to the spot. Rajak was immediately taken to Bhatpara state general hospital where the doctors declared him dead.Arjun Singh , the local Trinamool Congress MLA from Bhatpara alleged that Rajak was murdured by CPM backed miscreants. \"He was an active TMC worker. He was known in the area as our party member. He recently started a movement against the anti social activities in the area. Illegal gambling was operated by local CPM leaders in the markets. He opposed it. Thus, he was murdured by them,\" said SinghThe local CPM leaders rubbished all allegations and claimed that the murder was only a fall out of internal feud within TMC.A senior police official said, \"a police team was sent to the spot for investigation. They have spoken to the local residents. We are now conducting raids to nab the criminals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12239542", "title": "Why leave ministers out of Jagan probe: SC to CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday issued notice to the CBI on a petition alleging that the agency had left out of the probe purview six ministers in Andhra Pradesh, who in late YSR Reddy's cabinet, had helped his son Jaganmohan Reddy amass disproportionate wealth.The petition by advocate P Sudhakar Reddy said on the basis of the High Court order, the CBI had registered a case against Jagan Reddy and 71 others but had left out many of YSR's cabinet colleagues who allegedly helped the CM's son in the illegal pursuit.A bench of Justices Dalveer Bhandari and Dipak Misra issued notice on the petition, which had named six ministers - J Geetha Reddy, D Prasada Rao, Sabitha, P Lakshmaiah, K Lakshminarayana and M Venkataramana Rao - and eight other top bureaucrats as respondents.The petition, drafted by advocate Gopal Shankaranarayan, said the HC had dismissed Reddy's complaint which sought to bring to the notice of the special court certain offences committed by ministers and secretaries. Reddy alleged that these functionaries had issued government orders on various contracts ostensibly to help Jagan Reddy.\"The petitioner apprehends that the reason behind the respondents not being investigated is wholly political. The CBI, at the instance of the central government, has chosen not to make those individuals as accused who are presently in government in the state. This is a glaring miscarriage of justice,\" Sudhakar Reddy said.He cited the January 31 judgment of the Supreme Court in Subramanian Swamy case relating to 2G scam, in which the apex court had given wide latitude to private citizens to bring to the court's notice irregularities to set the criminal law in motion.The apex court had said, \"When a private citizen approaches a court of law against corrupt public servant who is highly placed, what is at stake is not only a vindication of personal grievance of that citizen but also the question of bringing orderliness in society and maintaining equal balance in rule of law.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240894", "title": "MLAs, MLCs want special officer to deal with city issues", "text": "PUNE: Members of the legislative assembly (MLAs) and legislative council (MLCs) in the city on Monday pressed for the appointment of a special officer to deal with issues pertaining to the city, including the biodiversity park, metro and enhancement of water availability.The demand was raised at a special meeting in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), held to resolve issues pending with the state government.Senior officials in the PMC, including municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak, were present at the meeting. MLCs and MLAs who attended were Madhuri Misal, Mohan Joshi, Girish Bapat, Dipti Chawdhari, Bapu Pathare and Vinayak Nimhan.\"A number of civic issues were discussed. Most of them have been raised by MLAs and MLCs in the state legislature but nothing has been resolved,\" said MLA Madhuri Misal, speaking with reporters. \"Constant follow-up is required to get work done. A special officer should be appointed to specifically deal with pending issues of the city like the biodiversity park, the metro rail and the construction of a dam for additional water, which are pending with the state government. He or she will help in better coordination between the PMC and state government and quick solutions can be found,\" she said.During the assembly session, questions were raised about the utilisation of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal mission ( JNNURM) funds,\" said Misal. The MLAs had said that many areas in city were getting very few benefits of the funds as compared to fringe areas. Fund utilization in the city areas needed to be improved, she added.\"Even funds given by MLAs are not being utilized properly,\" said MLC Mohan Joshi. \"Communicating with the PMC becomes an issue and, despite repeated attempts we don't get feedback on the works we have planned or their progress,\" he added. The appointment of a special officer would help with these problems, he said. \"The MLAs have indicated they are willing to make residential facilities and food available to the officer,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240878", "title": "Poor mechanism fails to identify exact number of drug injectors", "text": "PUNE: Bogged down by a poor mechanism, the Pune district AIDS prevention control unit has identified just 150 Injecting Drug Users (IDUs) in a population of over 50 lakh in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad in the last five years.The unidentified IDU population poses a challenge for the state and centre's AIDS control programme. Both are spending huge sums to stem HIV, but without authentic and consolidated IDU figures, the programme may not achieve its purpose, officials said.Unlike the attention sex workers get for AIDS control programmes, there was no specific government agency or machinery to focus on IDUs, they added. HIV transmission is high through blood transfer by sharing of infected needles and IDUs can infect their partners by having unprotected sex, thus multiplying the number of HIV afflicted.\"As of now, we do not have any specific mechanism to identify IDUs in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad, especially among the student community. The only way to know their numbers is through NGOs,\" Sandeep Dhavale, Pune district programme officer of AIDS, said.\"The government wants to reach each and every individual affected with HIV so that it does not spread. Concealed IDUs remain a major challenge for us. We are trying to bring NGOs together and draft a plan to reach the students' community and floating population in Pune,\" said Dhawale.The National AIDS Control Organisation (NACO) has insisted on working with IDUs, especially youths, through target intervention projects.Under its programme-III, Naco estimated the number of IDUs as 1.86 lakh in India. Revised mapping put the number at 1.77 lakh. Of these, the organisation claims to cover 1.36 lakh (76%) IDUs through targeted intervention projects.Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad, however, would have more IDUs, officials said. \"The overall population and number of students coming to the city are rising. However, there is no empirical study or data to understand the actual drug users and IDUs among them. Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad have very few drop-in centres run by NGOs,\" Sanyogita Dhamdhere, state programme coordinator of Centre for Advocacy and Research (CFAR), told TOI. The centre is working with NGOs dealing with IDUs in the northeastern states.Hidden IDUs can spread HIV, but can get help at drop-in centres to seek counseling and treatment, but in a diversified population, students and upper class IDUs never go to such government or NGO run centres.Health activists are upset about the lack of action in Maharashtra when smaller states like Nagaland have developed a network to reach every strata of IDUs.\"It is a concern if Pune continues to ignore IDUs, especially against the backdrop of a large number of students' population. Concealed IDUs continue to spread HIV by using same syringe. Drug addiction in student community should be brought under scrutiny,\" Susan Lotha, who works as assistant project officer with project ORCHID in Dimapur, Nagaland, said. Hundreds of youth activists and NGOs that work to combat the IDU challenge in Nagaland shared their experience with reporters recently.\"Compared to Maharashtra, which has a well-equipped mechanism to curb HIV infection through various means, Nagaland is still a backward state. Even so, interventions like safe-sex counseling by peers, clinical services like treatment for sexually transmitted infections, distribution of free condoms, needles and syringe exchange programmes among the most-at-risk population, has prevented the virus from spreading. The network of NGOs and churches is helping tackle the IDU problem,\" Chenithung Humtsoe, chief functionary of Bethesda Youth Welfare Centre in Nagaland, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12241231", "title": "Thrashing kids common: Experts", "text": "KOLKATA: If you thought the old adage 'spare the rod and spoil the child' was a thing of the past, think again. The story of the six-year-old boy who used to be thrashed by his mother sent shockwaves across the city on Sunday, but parents beating up children is not really rare, say school teachers. It's also true, however, that incidences of child torture by parents have gone down significantly with the latter's educational and professional levels improving over the years.When kids in primary schools report being beaten up and abused by parents, it is generally the result of a failed marriage and disintegration of the family. The parents' frustration and depression are automatically vented out on the kids.\"Though extremely rare, we have seen cases where boys turn extremely aggressive and hit their peers mercilessly in an attempt to let out their pent-up anger. During probes into such cases of aggression, kids often open up to our counsellors and narrate tales of brutal beating by parents who are going through relationship problems,\" explained a teacher of St James School. \"When a kid jabs a compass tip hard into his classmates' skin to get the better of him, you know that this is not boyish naughtiness but a deep-seated problem that has its roots in family violence,\" she explained.Counsellor Salony Priya, who is attached to some top schools of the city and also runs a psychological counselling centre for kids called Umeed, said: \"While events of child torture in the hands of parents is less than 10%, the cases that come to us are extremely disturbing. Beating, kicking and locking up kids in the house are quite common. In such cases, parents are invariably called in for counselling.\"Many teachers felt that the tortured six-year-old boy was lucky that his neighbours took note of the problem and alerted the police. \"There are so many who suffer silently because they are being brought up by attendants and parents who have no time for them. Yet, parents pile on their expectations on these lonely kids. When they are not able to meet these, they get beaten up. We recently had a case where the child, a bright boy but an average student, would get beaten up by his mother even on his way to school if he failed to earn the expected grades. Gradually, depression and nervousness took over and he started performing miserably. We had to step in and not only counsel the parents, but also had to routinely follow up on the case,\" said a teacher of St Thomas Boys' School.Lakshmi Gupta, another student counsellor with some leading girls' schools, feels that it is wrong to think that girls are not victims of parental abuse. \"You will be surprised to know that girls are beaten up black and blue by even fathers for reasons varying from slipping grades to staying out late with friends or even watching TV beyond permitted hours. Ironically, such parents mostly don't spend quality time with their children. Naturally, they will look elsewhere for company and entertainment ,\" she said.Parents are often guilty of directing pent-up rage at hapless children, said psychiatrists. \"Simmering rage could well have been the reason why this woman had been abusing her child. I gather she was going through a tough time in her personal life. She is going through a divorce. The trauma and the stress might have made her lose control. She is obviously taking out her frustrations on her defenseless child, which is extremely traumatic for the latter. It could have been different if she could fall back on a family member for support,\" said psychiatrist Siladitya Ray.Situational disorders are often responsible for such aggressive behaviour, said psychiatrist Debashish Roy. \"It could be either due to situational reasons or because of a mental disorder, which is not uncommon. Parents do tend to take out their stress by abusing children. It is not unheard of even in urban areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240884", "title": "Ghole Road ward office broken into", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified persons broke into two sealed rooms of the Ghole Road ward office of the Pune Municipal Corporation. However, nothing appears to have been stolen.A complaint in this regard was registered at the Shivajinagar police station by senior PMC clerk Vilas Shinde.\"Election and census-related material was kept in the rooms,\" said Pravin Ashtikar, election officer of PMC. \"The break-in was discovered on Monday morning.\"According to deputy commissioner of police (zone-I) Dnyaneshwar Phadtare, PMC officials had said that nothing was missing from the rooms. \"I have asked the investigating officer to check the list of articles kept in the room,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12240877", "title": "'Minor' issue lands her in major trouble", "text": "CHENNAI: Kerala police on Monday registered the arrest of Prabhu Daya's captain Gordon Charles Pereira but couldn't take him into custody following objections from CHENNAI Port and Coast Guard as \"they didn't want a ship without master at outer anchorage\".The police team, led by IG Padmakumar, served the arrest warrant immediately after the TN HC rejected Pereira's plea for anticipatory bail in the hit-and-run case. But following objections, the team was forced to leave Pereira on board. The development was informed to the Amabalappuzha magistrate court that had issued the warrant.A senior Coast Guard officer said the vessel could not be left alone in the outer anchorage without a captain. \"A vessel kept in the outer anchorage is a serious matter of safety. Chennai Port Trust chairman Atulya Mishra, however, said he was not aware of any such incident\".Sources said the captain would now be taken into custody once the shipping company deputes another master to Prabhu Daya. Justice M M Sundresh, concurring with the submissions, said: \"The co-accused ( Mayur Veerendra Kumar, who was at the bridge when Daya rammed fishing boat Don 1) has been arrested and taken into custody. The petitioner (captain) cannot insist that he should be interrogated in Chennai, merely because the ship is at Chennai port\". S Vasudevan, counsel for the boat owner Jacob Antony, said that mere removal of a ship's captain would not render the vessel unworthy for sailing.As the ship is owned by a Mumbai-based company, it could appoint a new captain, he said.T Asaf Ali, director-general of prosecution and public prosecutor of Kerala, however, said the captain's custodial interrogation was a must and that he would be properly looked after in the state's custody. If the captain is allowed to remain in the ship, he could tamper with evidence, he said.Periera's counsel E Venkiteshwaran argued that the captain need not be arrested and the investigation could be held aboard the ship. Considering the volatile situation in Kerala, it would not be advisable to hold inquiry in Kerala, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12241775", "title": "Budding engineers celebrate Women's Day at Science City", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of 150 women engineering students from Sabar Institute of Engineering and Technology (SIET), Himatnagar, visited Science City on Monday and attended the programmes to celebrate the spirit of womanhood on the theme 'Connecting Girls: Inspiring Future'. The students participated in debates and also visited the various facilities on Science City campus.\"With more women in the boardroom, greater equality in legislative rights, and an increased critical mass of women's visibility as impressive role models in every aspect of life, one could think that women have gained true equality,\" said Dilip Gadhavi, executive director, Science City.Officials at Science City said that if scientific topics of particular interest to female students are to be stressed, it is believed that it is not only possible to inspire girls to love science but also to eradicate traditional gender division that may keep female students from pursuing career in science.\"We look forward to have more women scientists, astronauts and researchers, doctors and engineers, prime ministers and policy makers, who can extend their work as an extended family in the society,\" said Rajiv Vagmare, principal of the SIET.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244074", "title": "Teekha Mika gets upto another stunt", "text": "The man who couldn't control himself at a party years back, lost it yet again on Sunday night. Ended up bashing up young actor Sunny GillSix years back, pop singer Mika made it to the headlines for his misbehaviour towards a Rakhi Sawant at a party. The man hasn't changed much since then. Mumbai Mirror has learnt, that Mika once again failed to keep his emotions in control at a recent party. This time however, it was the girl's boyfriend and not the girl herself who had to bear the brunt of Mika's temper. Also, it wasn't as romantic a gesture as his last.Late on Sunday night, around 4 am, Mika along with his friends went for a party at a friend's place in Bandra. When it was time to go home, the pop singer got a little carried away and fought with actor Sunny Gill and his girlfriend Simran Kaur Mundi. In fact, Mika and Sunny got into fisticuffs, outside the building where they had been partying till then. It was cricketer Sreesanth, also present at the party, who separated the two.When contacted, Simran said, \"What happened on Sunday night was uncalled for. I don't even know Mika. I was introduced to him by a friend at the party. Immediately after that, he started making advances. He must have got angry since I warded off his attempts to get closer.\"Talking about the fight, Simran explained, \"When we were leaving, Mika followed us and started passing deregotary comments. That's when Sunny intervened. Unable to handle it, Mika and his friends attacked us.\"Sunny, being the good boyfriend did what any man at his place would have. \"Mika was obnoxious and has no respect for women. So, I just asked him to lay off,\" said the actor.A friend of the singer had a different opinion. \"Mika and Simran are from Punjab. They were simply talking. Simran's boyfriend did not take this too well. When Mika followed them, the two men ended up having an argument.\"Mika brushed off the incident and said, \"Firstly, I don't even know them. And let bygones be bygones. These things keep happening at parties.\"When we tried to get in touch with Sreesanth, his manager Sonu Lakhwani informed that the cricketer was travelling to Nagpur for and IPL camp and thus couldn't be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12240411", "title": "In high spirits at Bicholim's Pilgao", "text": "KERI: Shigmo's colourful celebrations have a dark side as well. Called Gadeutsav, this socio-religious custom seeks to call on and appease the spirits, good and bad.The aim, at the end of the often frightening enactment, is to ensure that the spirits do not harm locals via calamities and ills.While it is celebrated in many parts of the state, the villages of Marcela and Savoi Verem in Ponda taluka and Bordem, Sal, Cudnem and Karapur in Bicholim taluka are noted for the same.The most popular, though, is the Gadeutsav in the village of Pilgao, 3km from Bicholim town.Here, the gades-devotees of the local deity who take a vow to carry out the tradition if their wishes are met-dress in white dhotis and carry a dead person from the village crematorium to the temple and back.They also carry bones and skulls found in the crematorium.Chanting, praying and dancing to the beat of the dhol, the trance-like fervour of the gades, coupled with the funeral rites for the dead one, often leaves observers shivering in the hot sun.\"Gadeutsav has been celebrated in our village for decades together. To date we ensure that it is as per the traditions of yore,\" says local Jaidev Prabhu Gaonkar, who at 63 has witnessed many Gadeutsavs in Pilgao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12242173", "title": "Nagpur University fails to provide teachers salary for 3 months", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University has failed to grant salaries of lecturers in its Barrister Sheshrao Wankhede BEd College since last three months. This happened as principal Vandana Manapure allegedly failed to conduct assessment of salary grants for over a decade.However, the Management Council members which met on Monday, seriously took note of the issue and resolved to clear the salaries as early as possible. The council directed registrar Mahesh Yenkie and also Manapure to distribute the salaries, probably on Tuesday itself, to tide over the crisis.Yenkie confirmed to TOI that the assessment was not done by the principal and therefore the joint director of higher education stopped salary grants. \"Their salaries are directly credited from joint director's office and NU had no role to play in it. It's up to the principal to look into the matter on priority. We have issued show cause notice to Manapure and would take strict action against the concerned officials if found guilty of negligence,\" he said.Manapure on the other hand, passed the buck on registrar's office itself blaming them for delay. \"The government conducts assessment for its salary grants every month. But in our case, it was not done due to differences of former director of higher education with then NU bosses. I had dispatched many letters to them for conducting assessment but no one took it seriously.\"She claimed that after her strenuous efforts, the assessment was completed and salary cheque was released, but the registrar had signed it wrongly and therefore it was put on hold. \"The registrar's office itself is now asking for new cheques; the old one could not be used due to some mistakes committed by him. I tried my best to get salaries for teachers and had been fighting for it since long.\"Manapure confirmed that NU issued a notice to her alleging financial irregularities. \"I have filed a detailed reply to it. I have all the valid documents to substantiate my claims. I joined in 2003 but the assessment was done from 2001. Some elements in the university have vested interest in working against me. They're hell bent on harassing me,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12241332", "title": "Congress, BJP claim credit for ban removal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Congress and BJP vied to take credit for rollback of ban on cotton export by the Central government during a session of the Gujarat assembly on Monday.While the Congress shouted slogans thanking the Centre's leadership for lifting the ban, BJP MLAs said the Prime Minister was influenced by chief minister Narendra Modi's strongly worded letter. On Monday, as the House assembled, the congress MLAS shouted slogan 'Bharat Sarkar Jindabad'. BJP MLAs were too quick to lap up the issue and during the discussion on groundwater recharge facility, urban development minister Nitin Patel said that the Congress had failed. \"The ban on export of cotton was lifted after Modi wrote a strong letter to Prime Minister and Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan threatened to resign over the matter.\"\"The state Congress leadership has failed on all fronts and even the Central leadership does not take them seriously,\" said Patel. As soon as Patel said this, Congress MLAs were on their toes and they demanded Patel's resignation. Later in the day during the discussion on the budget, BJP MLA Atmaram Parmar also said that the Congress first banned the cotton export and then they took the credit for lifting it. He asked why the exports were banned. tnnwas implemented.Congress MLA Khumansinh Chauhan was quick to get back at the BJP. He said it's a pity that the former home minister Amit Shah has been externed by the courts. He said it's a shame for the BJP MLAs that one of them is out of the state and their party is talking of maintaining law and order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12241380", "title": "World Spa residents terminate builder\u2019s services, hire new maintenance agency", "text": "GURGAON: Fed up with the pathetic condition of basic facilities in their plush society, the residents of the Unitech's World Spa decided to terminate the services provided by the builder and hire a new maintenance agency for services like security, housekeeping, horticulture and other odd jobs.On Sunday evening, the residents of Unitech's World Spa ended the contract with the 150 workers of the builder and employed another team for carrying out work pertaining to the maintenance and the operation within the housing complex. Residents claim that the builder never fulfilled half of their promises even though it has been four years since they gave the residents possession of their apartments.Poor quality of construction material used, faulty wiring, inadequate fire safety measures, poor quality plumbing and non-payment of dues to the housekeeping and security agencies are some of the problems that the residents claim that they have been facing.\"Often the housekeeping staff were not paid and this had affected the services provided by the agency.Incidents like these have forced us to take over the maintenance work,\" said Rakesh Gupta, former director of Asian Development Bank (on deputation from Indian government) and a resident of the society.The World Spa East and West, gated condominiums in Sector 30 and 41, having a total of 367 apartments, were launched in 2004 and promised possession by 2006 end. The residents claim that the service agreement had expired in May 2010. \"The development licence was granted for three years but was later extended without mentioning any deadlines. The builder had lost trust and credibility, forcing us to take over the maintenance work,\" said Satnamjit Singh, IFS (retd), another resident.Some residents also alleged that the builder had put in place bouncers outside the complex and filed a complaint with the police, alleging that the residents are trespassing into the builder's territory. The residents later filed a counter-complaint. Late on Monday night, one of the RWA members who did not wish to be named, said that the builder has started disconnecting gas services to apartments as a countermeasure to residents hiring a new maintenance agency.The plush apartments at the World Spa are homes to the top managers of corporate groups, including CEOs of companies like Nestle, Ranbaxy, Airtel, Reliance, Pepsico, Bacardi, Genpact, managing directors of Mckinsey, Accenture, retired government officials, armed forces, prominent doctors, bankers, among others.In their response, the builder's property management agency said, \"Around 6.45pm on Sunday, some residents forcibly took over the complex by easing out the security guards on the pretext of grouping them together for a head-count outside the complex. Once the security guards had grouped together, a new security agency with approximately 70 guards and around 25 bouncers rushed into the complex and debarred our team from entering. The RWA President informed the security supervisor on duty that they have taken over the complex... the matter related to the complex maintenance is already being heard in court. The police, with whom the complaint has been lodged, has called the parties and is already looking into the matter. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12240254", "title": "Three-yr-old killed in road accident", "text": "INDORE: A three-year-old girl, who was riding pillion to her father along with four others, was killed when the motorcycle rammed a bridge in front in Annapurna area here on Monday. Five persons including the deceased were riding the bike.Police said that Khushi, daughter of Vijay Sobraj who was riding the motor bike MP09 NA 1865 with four others on the pillion including his brother-in-law Lalu, his son and two daughters were passing through the bridge when he lost control of the bike and rammed into the railing. Police said the kid who sustained injuries was rushed to the hospital where she was declared brought dead. It is not yet clear whether Vijay was riding under the influence of liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12241859", "title": "Underage drivers get licences, thanks to faulty software", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Serious flaws in the \"Sarathi\" software has led to the issuing of driving licences two times to 889 applicants in Haryana. Not only this, 690 underage drivers, including 520 in Gurgaon, were given the licences.This information has come up in the latest CAG report, which has also revealed that in more than 66,000 cases, regular licences had been issued to applicants whose learner licences expired. Gurgaon topped the list with around 15,000 such cases, followed by more than 12,000 in Panipat, 7,000 in Ambala, and more than 2,000 in Faridabad.Principal accountant general (audit) Onkar Nath said, \"There are no inbuilt input validation controls in the software. The invalid data was never blocked.\"Learner licences were issued to more than 4,000 people in Jhajjar. Over 2,000 applicants from Ambala applied for two-wheeler licences but were issued licences for four-wheelers. The CAG report said there was no validation check in the software to ensure that the insurance covernote submitted for a particular vehicle was not reused in the registration of other vehicles. The auditors observed that the insurance covernotes in 15.45 lakh records indicated that the covernotes had been repetitively used in the registration of 2.91 lakh vehicles.Meanwhile, the registration authorities replied that validation checks will be incorporated in the software with the help of National Informatics Centre (NIC).The state financial commissioner (transport) expressed his concern and said the loopholes in the software must be rectified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12239725", "title": "Woman moves SHRC over missing techie son", "text": "HYDERABAD: As her techie son remained untraceable for the last 41 days, his anguished mother on Monday approached the State Human Rights Commission ( SHRC) and sought a probe into his whereabouts. In her petition to the commission, B Ammayi, a native of Karimnagar district and wife of an auto driver said that her 25-year-old son B Satish, employed with an IT major in Bangalore, had gone missing since February 1 under mysterious circumstances.According to her, Satish had left Karimnagar on February 1 to attend a friend's marriage but stopped over in Hyderabad for a couple of days. He stayed at his friend's house at Dilsukhnagar till evening, before going out at around 8 pm, leaving behind his belongings. But, he never retuned after that, according to his mother. His mobile phone also remained switched off, she said.Satish's parents lodged a missing complaint at Saroornagar police station on February 4 but there has been no progress in the case since then.Ammayi further said that they had learnt that Satish was in a relationship with a girl from Borabanda in the city. His laptop had pictures of the two of them together. She alleged that during enquiries from his friends, it came to light that the girl's father Yadaiah was against this relationship and threatened Satish several times. She stated in her complaint that she suspected the girl's family role in her son's disappearance. The family members of Satish also lodged a complaint against Yadaiah on March 11 at Saroornagar police station.She requested the commission to order a probe into the role, if any, of girl's family members in her son's disappearance. The commission accepted the case and directed the additional commissioner of police, LB Nagar, to investigate the case and give a final report by April 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12239990", "title": "Retirement age of electricity workers may be raised", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh minister of state for energy Rajendra Shukla said that the state government was considering to raise the retirement age of electricity board employees from 58 to 60 years.After inspecting the Sanjay Gandhi Thermal Power Plant at Birisinghpur, he said that an action plan would be chalked out for maintenance, adequate power generation and for smooth functioning of the power plant. Managing director of Madhya Pradesh Power Generating Company Vijendra Nanavati and project in-charge A K Sankul were also present on the occasion.Laying emphasis on the power plant's maintenance, the minister said that priority should be given to non-stop power generation by all the units of the plant besides the plant's smooth running. He said that no disruptions should come in the efforts to increase the quantum of power generation from these units. Shukla said that construction of another 500 MW unit plant can be started only after the clearance of coal linkage from SICL.After inspection of the power plant, Shukla also talked to engineers. He said that they will have to work for fulfilling chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's announcement to ensure round-the-clock power supply from January 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12241991", "title": "'Adani forcing farmers to vacate land'", "text": "BHANDARA: Instead of creating happiness in the lives of farmers in adjacent villages, Adani power corporation has rendered them landless as their agricultural land is forcibly acquired by the district administration for requirement of the thermal power company.Once affluent, these farmers have now come below poverty line.Adani Thermal Power Corporation has acquired agricultural land in and around it's thermal power plant near Tiroda (Gondia). The state government gave land to the power plant from Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation premises in Tiroda industrial estate and the remaining land was bought from farmers by the power company. Five villages - Khairbodi, Mehedipur, Kachewani, Gumadhawada and Ramatola are situated near the power plant.Seven families of these villages own 38 acres of agricultural land, which is the only source of their sustenance. Though some farmers sold their land to Adani power company, these seven families refused to sell their land.These families were producing paddy, wheat, cereals, grams like crops in kharip and rabbi season and the average income of each family was between Rs 1.5 to 2.5 lakh per annum from agriculture; their sons and daughters were studying in Nagpur and Gondia.The seven families put a proposal before the company that they be given Rs 40 lakh per hectare of land and employment to one person from each family. But instead of considering their demand or finding an amicable solution to it, the district administration forcibly acquired their land destroyed the standing crop, cut down hundreds of fruit-bearing trees on the land and flattened the land with heavy machineries.The affected family members lied down before the machinery, but they were removed, police complaint was lodged in Tiroda police station, but the police did not take any action against company or government officials. Now those families have become landless and in the near future they will become homeless too.Sanjay Bagade (40), a resident of village Kachewani, said, \"Adani power company is taking revenge. At their behest, the district administration forcibly acquired our land, keeping us in dark. When they were flattening our land by heavy machinery, I along with the women folk of our family lay down before the machiney to register protest, but they were so ruthless that they forcibly drove us out. They cut fruit bearing trees, destroyed irrigation network. Neither the police nor the district administration is paying heed to our complaints. We engaged one pleader from Nagpur to advocate our case against the government and the power company in the court of law, but the power company pressurized him and he withdrew from the case.\"Several times we met the collector, sub-divisional officer and other concerned officials, but everyone expressed their inability to take up the matter. As our land is forcibly acquired, there is nothing left for our sustenance, we have become landless, our houses are left in village, in the coming season our village will be surrounded by water, our houses will come under water and we will meet watery grave. The power company has made our condition so pathetic that we won't have to commit suicide, that care is taken by power company.\"Vishnu Chaudhari and his nephew Dharmadas Chabilal Chaudhari said that the elder member of their family Chabilal has become a heart patient due to forcible acquisition of their agricultural land. The approach road to their village is also destroyed by power company, now living in house has become difficult for them, in the coming days they will demolish their houses and they will become homeless and landless.There was hope from local BJP MLA Dr Khushal Bopche, who assured the villagers that he would ask the power company to buy their land for Rs 25 lakh per acre.\"He is neither visiting our village nor listening to our woes. Whatever situation comes, we are confirm we won't sell our land, we won't move from our houses and we will fight for our legal rights, we will prefer death than surrendering before the company. Politicians and government officials are hand in glove to devastate our lives, but we brave farmers won't succumb to their pressure,\" said Chaudharis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12240712", "title": "State stalling Acharya\u2019s prosecution", "text": "HYDERABAD: The cat is now out of the bag. If the CBI is unable to proceed with the prosecution of IAS officers B P Acharya and L V Subramanyam, it is not because that central government has not given its nod. It is because the IAS lobby using the excuse of proper procedures have ensured the state government does not put up the application for initiating prosecution to the department of personnel and training (DoPT) in New Delhi.A hapless chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy cornered by mediapersons on Monday confessed that the state government has not yet recommended prosecution of IAS officers BP Acharya and LV Subramanyam in Emaar case. He meekly said that the government is 'still' studying the details of the case. For those who came in late, the designated court has told CBI to get a speedy nod for prosecution otherwise it would discharge Acharya from the Emaar case. Acharya is in Chanchalguda jail. A central government approval is a must for prosecution of IAS officers.\"This is a case of the IAS lobby ganging up to ensure that their colleague escapes prosecution,' a criminal lawyer noted. Last month, the IAS Association had convened an extra ordinary general meeting of members who later went in a delegation to the chief minister with a set of atrocious demands. This included bearing the legal costs of defence of the chargesheeted IAS officers and even prior sanction of the state government before an errant officer can be arrested.Possibly expecting a road block at the state secretariat, the CBI had directly approached the DoPT for sanction for prosecution but the Central government department wrote to the investigation agency that as per procedure the file should come to it through the state government with its recommendation. Thereafter the CBI approached the General Administration Department (GAD) with the request that the state government recommend the prosecution immediately. But the state government is still studying the 'voluminous' data provided by the CBI in Emaar case.Sources in the government said that it has asked the version of BP Acharya and LV Subramanyam on their role in the Emaar case. \"Both the officers were asked to submit their version and after examination we will take a decision,\" said the sources. \"There is a procedure laid out for granting approvals. We have to seek legal opinion. It will take time to process this request. I can't say how long,\" Ajay Mishra, principal secretary GAD told TOI. Acharya, the accused No 1 in the Emaar case continued to be principal secretary home despite being named so. He continued in the position till he was arrested.Times ViewAll men are equal but in AP IAS officers are more equal than others. How else do you explain that even after the special court saying that it will discharge IAS officer B P Acharya in the Emaar case because there is no sanction for his prosecution, the state government is still sitting on the file and not forwarding it to the central government? Such a tactic is a travesty of the process of justice. It not only jeopardizes the CBI's case but also undermines the fight against corruption that is galvanizing the entire nation. Prior sanction for prosecution is meant to protect IAS officers from arbitrary action so that they can work fearlessly. It is not meant to shield corrupt officers. If Acharya is innocent, let him prove it in a court of law", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12240370", "title": "One more mom raped by two", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a late-night development, police registered an FIR against two persons in another gang-rape case in Gurgaon. The victim, a 25-year-old housewife from Bajghera village, was allegedly kidnapped along with her 18-month-old son from her village by the accused, Anil, and his friend, on March 9.The duo allegedly raped the victim and dumped her in Vikaspuri in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241536", "title": "SC rejects accused\u2019s plea for transfer of Mumbai blast probe to CBI or NIA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday rejected a plea for transfer of the Mumbai bomb blast probe from Maharashtra ATS to either the CBI or the National Investigating Agency (NIA) and dismissed a petition filed by Taquee Ahmed, brother of suspected Indian Mujahideen operative Naquee who was recently arrested in Delhi.Naquee's arrest, credit for which was claimed simultaneously by the local police and their Mumbai counterparts, had led to leveling of allegations by his brother Taquee about atrocities on the blast accused by Maharashtra anti-terrorist squad officers handling the blast case.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and S S Nijjar dismissed the petition by Taquee whose elder brother and cousin are in Mumbai Police's custody since February 9 for their alleged role in masterminding the blasts at Opera House, Zaveri Bazar and Dadar last year.The bench on the one hand rejected Taquee's plea for restraining ATS from implicating him in the case and on the other, permitted the investigating agency to take all appropriate steps, including arrest of Taquee as and when any incriminating material came into their possession.The state police had opposed transfer of probe to the CBI or NIA on the ground that investigation into the blast case was at an advanced stage. In its affidavit before thee apex court, ATS assistant commissioner of police Suresh D Deshpande, who is the investigating officer, said, \"The investigation is at a very crucial stage and involves highly sensitive material which at present cannot be brought into public domain in the larger public interest.\"Describing the connection between the petitioner and his brother Naquee to the crime, he said, \"Material collected by ATS in investigation indicates that accused Naquee and petitioner (Taquee) both knew Yaseen Bhatkal who is a wanted accused in respect of many other bomb blasts cases all over India including the present case. ATS needs to make enquiries with the petitioner in respect of the aforesaid case which will facilitate collection of information/intelligence or evidence about said Yaseen Bhatkal and his whereabouts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12240954", "title": "Computer teachers to get salary by March 31: CM", "text": "PANAJI: There finally seems to be hope for around 300 computer teachers, who are awaiting postings in government aided institutions for close to a year now despite possessing appointment letters by the state government. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday assured the teachers of resolving the issue within the next two days.\"I have asked the education department to bring out the file of the computer teachers and in the next two days their issue will be resolved. I have promised to provide them with their first salary upon regularization on March 31,\" Parrikar told mediapersons on Monday, speaking about his meeting with the aggrieved teachers earlier in the day.After completing the state government-recommended postgraduate diploma in computer education and technology (PGDCET) at the Goa University, the contract computer teachers were issued letters of appointment by the directorate of education (DoE) last year.Their appointment would not only regularize their services but also provide them with a substantial salary and job security after working for more than a decade on a contract basis in government-aided institutions.But the association of minority institutions that run the government-aided schools issued a public notice in newspapers, after the teachers were issued appointment letters, objecting to their appointment in their schools.The contention of the schools was that they cannot be forced to appoint teachers by the state government as they have the right to govern their institutions as they like as per provisions of the Constitution of India. The schools said that they also have the right to appoint their employees. They also expressed fears of the state interfering in the appointment process of the schools in the future as well. The computer teachers were left in the lurch as the DoE and the state government failed to come up with a solution. The teachers have been fighting for regularization of their services since 2007, as they were being paid a meager salary of 4,500 per month and did not receive any remuneration when schools were on vacation as they were employed on a contract basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12239427", "title": "Uttarakhand CM seen as compromise candidate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress picked Vijay Bahuguna as its chief minister of Uttarakhand, putting an end to the long-drawn search marred by bickering and lobbying in a highly fractious state unit.A second-term MP from Tehri Garhwal, Bahuguna was picked ahead of Haridwar MP Harish Rawat, Pauri MP Satpal Maharaj and several state-level aspirants who were not serious contenders but stayed in focus in view of serious divisions within.Bahuguna is seen as a compromise candidate in the battle of heavyweights like Rawat and Maharaj.The decision, announced on Monday evening amid intensifying speculation and preceded by a series of meetings, led to serious heartburn in party ranks.While Bahuguna is believed to have sailed through because of his comparative lightweight status, party leaders were keeping their fingers crossed about the destabilizing potential of factions in view of Congress's thin numbers.Congress has 32 MLAs in the assembly of 70, one more than BJP, and it would bank on four independents and the three-member BSP for survival.Bahuguna exuded confidence that he would carry all party sections along with him and that \"there will be no split\".The legislature party had authorized Congress chief Sonia Gandhi to finalise the candidate after AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad elicited the views of MLAs at a meeting in Dehradun.Interestingly, Bahuguna is a cousin of outgoing BJP chief minister B C Khanduri, while being the son of former chief minister of Uttar Pradesh H N Bahuguna. His sister Rita Joshi is party chief in UP.Congress state spokesman Dhirendra Pratap said, \"He is worthy son of a worthy father and he will do a good job.\"Sources said Rawat was a strong contender for the top post but the internal report found him to have sponsored rebels while party performance in his Lok Sabha seat of Haridwar was below par when it was good in Pauri and Tehri Lok Sabha seats represented by Maharaj and Bahuguna.Elections 2012 NewsUttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "12242128", "title": "Ferozepur Road chaos to stay", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: If residents were hoping to have a wide eight-lane road to drive on at the busy Ferozepur stretch, they can keep waiting. Construction work on the project has been put on hold midway and authorities claim that electricity poles, high tension wires, some encroachments and simultaneous construction of underpass near Aggar Nagar are coming in the way.Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority (GLADA), which is responsible for the project has been able to complete only 50% of the work since August 2011, even though the deadline is April 25.Tired of bearing the brunt of ill-planned projects, residents say they have had enough and allege that the authorities are only trying to buy time since they have not been able to stick to the deadline.\"The stretch from Aggar Nagar till octroi post on Ferozepur Road is testing the patience of commuters. What was the need to start projects at one time when authorities could not handle it,\" said Rahul Mahajan , a businessman staying in Civil Lines.Model Town's Manisha Sharma said the authorities have had ample time to remove all the hurdles in their way. \"How is it that the work has been put on hold now as the deadline is closing in? It is a pain for residents to drive through this road,\" she said.The project's foundation stone was laid in August 2010 and the work was supposed to begin in October that year but delay in getting sanctions from the forest department and a court case delayed it. Executive engineer of GLADA Pardeep Aggarwal said, \"We have completed 50% work but had to put it on hold because of electricity poles and high tension wires coming in the way. We can't construct the rest of the portion unless the MC finishes constructing the underpass near Aggar Nagar.\" He added that they had consulted the power department for removing the poles.Executive engineer of Punjab State Power Corporation Limited, Charanjit Singh Brar said, \"We have almost completed our work of undergrounding high tension wires but a temple is coming in between. It is going to be shifted to a new temple under construction somewhere else, so we are waiting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12243675", "title": "TCS can beat slowdown best: Study", "text": "BANGALORE: Tata Consultancy Services has topped a peer endurance study conducted by management consulting firm Hay Group among 39 IT companies in India, including MNC arms.The study tried to capture the consistency of overall performance (financial and others) that the companies have displayed during recessions or other financially or operationally difficult times. On a scale of 10, where 10 is the highest endurance capacity, TCS scored 8.47, followed by Infosys Technologies at 8.43, Wipro 8.07, IBM and Microsoft 7.95, HP 7.81, HCL 7.74, Cognizant 7.47, Accenture 7.36 and Cisco 7.5.The study was conducted around nine parameters including talent management , corporate social responsibility and sustainability, innovation, corporate governance, performance and investor value, financial soundness, product and services quality and leadership development.\"TCS has shown additional endurance in terms of consistency in overall performance, especially during recession , operationally challenging environments and financially lean periods,\" said the study.The talent management parameter sought to find out how successfully companies were able to attract, hire, harness abilities to build a second layer of leadership talent. In this, TCS scored 8.37, followed by IBM 8.28, HP 8.12, Infosys 8.05, Wipro 8.07, Microsoft 8.02, Cognizant 7.64, Accenture and HCL 7.52 and Cisco 7.48.In performance and investor value, TCS secured 8.47, Infosys 8.38, IBM 8.26, Microsoft 8.19, Wipro and HP 8.05. In financial soundness, IBM topped the list at 8.63, followed by Infosys at 8.32, TCS 8.30 and Wipro 8.16.In leadership development, IBM topped at 8.26, followed by Wipro at 8.23, TCS 8.16, Infosys 8.10, Microsoft 8.07, HP 7.98, Accenture and Cisco 7.69, Cognizant 7.38 and HCL 7.31.In corporate social responsibility, sustainability, green consciousness and optimization of resources, Wipro topped at 8.37, followed by TCS 8.35, Infosys 8.05, IBM 8, HP 7.63, Microsoft 7.58, Cognizant 7.38, Cisco and HCL 7.36 and Accenture 7.29.In innovation (in management thinking , client handling, market approach, product and services design and delivery ), IBM secured 8.23, TCS 8.16, HP 8.09, Wipro 8.02, Microsoft 7.98, Cisco 7.69, Accenture 7.52, HCL 7.5 and Cognizant 7.4.In products and services quality, Wipro scored 8.19, TCS, Infosys and HP scored 8.14 each, IBM 8.02, Microsoft 7.84, Cisco 7.74, Accenture 7.71, HCL 7.67 and Cognizant 7.45.Gaurav Lahiri, MD of Hay Group India , told TOI this was the first in-depth peer-to-peer study the group had done in India. \"Globally, we follow a $10 billion dollar revenue cut off for this study, but we have eased that rule in India to include more participants,'' he said.The study was part of Hay Group's larger survey, 'India's 50 Most Admired Companies' . Some 507 top executives across 291 steel-to-software companies were interviewed between October 2011 and January 2012 for this study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12240925", "title": "Paralyzed, but he is optimistic to the core", "text": "Alappuzha: Seventeen-year-old Podimon G, scored an 'A' in most of his subjects in his SSLC exam. He hopes to repeat a similar feat in his plus two exams this year as well.And this time too he will not be writing the exam, but dictating the answers to a class IX student, Aslam M, who will assist him in his exams. His father, Gopinathan, a farmer, will carry him to the school so that his son can appear for his exams.Podimon, a humanities student of NRPM HSS, Kayamkulam, is paralyzed since birth. But his interest in studies has made him brave all infirmities that life has thrown at him.According to Gopinathan, his son has not got up from his bed since birth. \"But he is very interested in studying and has passed all his examinations to date with flying colours,\" says Gopinathan. Podimon also takes tuitions to meet his schooling expenses. \"I come from a poor family and my father is a farmer. SoI want to get a job. Though my body is paralyzed, my mind is strong and I can think and work with my mind like any other student,\" he said.He has been paralysed ever since his birth. However, 17-year-old Podimon G was never ready to yield to his destiny.Podimon told TOI that he wanted to get a job for supporting his parents. I am hailing from a poor family and my father is a farmer. So I wanted to get a job. Though my body is paralysed, my mind is strong and I can think and work with my mind like any other students,'' says Podimon.Podimon is also taking tuition for school children for meeting his study expenses.Podimon, who bagged A grades for most of the subjects in his SSLC examinations, is very confident about his victory in the Plus Two examination. It is Aslam M, a ninth standard student, who is assisting Podimon for writing the examination.Podimon has been studying in NRPM HSS from fifth standard onwards and now he is a Plus Two Humanities student of the school. It is his father, who is taking him to school daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241664", "title": "BJP wants Lokpal discussed in RS before anything else", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP is all set to raise a storm in the Rajya Sabha on the Lokpal bill issue with leader of opposition Arun Jaitley demanding suspension of question hour on Tuesday so that the House resumes functioning by taking up the anti-graft legislation stalled in the last session.Jaitley will submit a notice on Tuesday morning for suspension of question hour as the party is in no mood to give up the contentious Lokpal issue which had led to adjournment of the Upper House on the night of December 29, 2011 without passing the bill.At the business advisory committee meeting of the Upper House on Monday, most of the parties including the Left and even UPA allies like Trinamool agreed to take up the Lokpal issue.\"The reason the government gave then is that it wanted more time to go through those amendments moved by the members. By now, it has had enough time to study them,\" Jaitley said on Monday, adding that his party will demand that the Lokpal bill debate be the first business that the Upper House takes up in the Budget session. The BJP leader insisted that the opposition wanted an \"adequate reply\" from the government on this issue in Parliament.\"Nothing on the Lokpal debate was inconclusive,\" he said and maintained that logically, the bill, which has already been passed by Lok Sabha, should be passed in Rajya Sabha.Minister of state in PMO V Narayansamy had begun his reply to the debate when the House was adjourned by chairman Hamid Ansari on the ground that there was no order in the House.Deputy leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha S S Ahluwalia indicated that smooth conduct of the House on Tuesday and subsequent days may not be possible if the government does not relent to this demand. \"On December 29, the Rajya Sabha was adjourned abruptly at 12 midnight and the government maintained that there were so many amendments moved by the members and it would have to go through them... I can show you several precedents where the House has continued to function till it completes its business,\" Ahluwalia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240831", "title": "Civic employees to go on three-day strike in May", "text": "PUNE: About 5 lakh municipal employees across the state will go on a three-day strike from May 8.Sharad Rao, president of the Maharashtra State Federation of Municipal Employees, said at a press conference here on Sunday that the strike call has been given in protest against the state government's move to privatise services in municipal corporations and councils.Rao said, \"Around five lakh regular and contractual employees in 22 municipal corporations and 227 municipal councils in the state will participate in the strike, which would affect essential services like water supply. The three-day strike may turn into an indefinite stir.\"Rao said the state was curtailing the powers of local self-governing bodies. \"Their financial independence will be restricted if octroi is abolished and civic services are privatised. In fact, abolition of octroi will only benefit the traders. The meeting at Pimpri approved a resolution demanding that octroi should not be abolished, rather it be reintroduced in councils where it was abolished; starting octroi in place of cess in Navi Mumbai municipal corporation area and restarting octroi collection through municipal employees instead of private contractors.\"Rao said, \"Resolutions demanding cancellation of the model recruitment policy and filling of vacant posts without any delay and regularizing contractual, seasonal and other employees; continuing pension of civic employees were approved. Another resolution about giving benefits of the sixth pay commission recommendations from January 1, 2006, regularizing contractual and daily wage labourers and giving them benefits of regular staffers were approved.\"A meeting of civic employees will be held at Navi Mumbai on April 1 to make preparations for the agitation. A 72-hour sit-in agitation in front of the offices of municipal corporations and councils will be conducted from April 18 to 20. \"If the problem is not resolved through negotiations, the Federation will proceed with the three-day strike in May,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ralegan siddhi", "code": "12241148", "title": "Anna sets 2014 deadline for Jan Lokpal", "text": "RALEGAN SIDDHI: Anna Hazare on Monday appeared to be extending the deadline for the passage of a strong Lokpal Bill to the next general election in 2014 and threatened to return to Ramlila Maidan if that does not happen.He said he will begin his countrywide tour after two months to campaign for an \"effective\" Lokpal Bill.\"I will start my countrywide tour after two months and awaken the people. Jan Lokpal by 2014. If it does not come, then back to Ramlila Maidan,\" Hazare was quoted as saying by his close aide Suresh Pathare.\"I will not go to government for getting the Jan Lokpal Bill. The decision has been left to the people,\" Pathare quoted the 74-year-old anti-corruption crusader as saying on twitter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12241518", "title": "Bangalore girl among VTU toppers", "text": "BELGAUM: Deepashri K R, a student of Adichunchanagiri Institute of Technology, Chikmagalur, has emerged as the golden girl of Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU). She bagged 11 gold medals in BE civil engineering with the highest marks.Gargy Ganguly of Sir M Visvesvaraya Institute of Technology, Bangalore, is the runner up with seven gold medals topping in BE electrical and electronics engineering.Rank holders will be honoured with medals at the 11th convocation of the varsity to be held on April 8 at VTU campus 'Jnana Sangama', Belgaum, by governor H R Bhardwaj and CM D V Sadananda Gowda.Megha B R of BMS College of Engineering, Pragati Kulkarni of CMR Institute of Technology and Swathi N of BNM Institute of Technology, all from Bangalore colleges bagged four gold medals each for scoring the highest marks in BE computer science and engineering, electronics and communication engineering and master of business administration respectively.Puneet B M from KS Institute of Technology, Bangalore, Sushma J of Saptagiri College of Engineering, Bangalore, Anusha H of RNS Institute of Technology, Bangalore, Deepika G of Rashtriya Vidyalaya College of Engineering, Bangalore and Waseem Khanum M of Ghousia College of Engineering, Ramanagaram have got three gold medals each.Bangalore-based colleges bagged the maximum ranks. BMS College of Engineering, Bangalore, topped with 36 ranks, while Dayananda Sagar College of Engineering, Bangalore, was runner-up with 28 ranks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12240485", "title": "Minor rape: Placement cell owner in net", "text": "NEW DELHI: The owner of a placement agency in Malviya Nagar was arrested on the statement of the 16-year-old girl who had been brought to the city from West Bengal three years ago but faced sexual exploitation by her employers. The accused, Mitali, has also been charged for forcing the girl into child labour.The victim told police that she was handed over to the owner by her mother three years ago. She was then made to work in different houses across the capital and Gurgaon where she was abused and not paid a penny. She alleged that the owner pocketed all her wages over the years.Even though cops have remained tightlipped about the arrests, sources said more persons may be booked in the case. \"As of now, three of her employers in Prasad Nagar, Malviya Nagar and Janakpuri have been identified. If found guilty, they will be arrested,\" said a source.The victim told police that one of her employers lives in MIG flats, Block 6 in Prasad Nagar, while the other two stay in A-Block in Janakpuri and L-Block in Malviya Nagar. Cops may also probe the role of the placement agency in forcing other such girls into child labour and abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12242017", "title": "Notice to weightlifting Association secretary general", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Jharkhand Weightlifting Association (JWA) secretary general has been served with a notice seeking clarification against several complaints lodged against him by former office-bearers of the association and weightlifters.The Jharkhand Olympic Association (JOA) has asked JWA secretary general T D Roy to clarify his position on complaints of financial and audit irregularities and nepotism within a month. \"We have given him one month's time to respond to the allegations,\" said JOA secretary general S M Hashmi.He said a delegation of weightlifters had met him about four weeks ago with complaints against Roy and subsequently he was served with the notice. Roy, a veteran sports functionary, has been holding on the JWA chair for over three decades.Roy is in the eye of a storm following National Games weightlifting squad coach Shikha Sharma, who happens to be his sister, receiving a cheque of Rs 14 lakh for her exemplary coaching ability that made the state win nine medals in weightlifting events, including two gold medals. As the report of nepotism surfaced, the government immediately withdrew the cheque from Shikha and constituted a committee to probe into the matter.Hashmi, who was here on Monday to preside over a meeting of JOA-affiliated sports organizations, expressed hope that the 34th National Games prize money of the weightlifting and judo coaches, which were withheld by the government due to dispute over the appointment of the coaches, would be released soon. \"The probe into the prize money controversy ordered by the government is complete and hopefully very soon genuine coaches will receive the cash. However, there are several other complaints against the secretary general owing to which the notice has been served on him,\" said Hashmi.He also said the state would host the national kayaking and canoeing championship in Maithon, Dhanbad in May.\"Dates will be finalized soon and we expect 450 participants for the meet,\" said Hashmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12241796", "title": "Distance learning takes a big leap with video lessons", "text": "WASHINGTON: Teachers, the world may not be your oyster, but it can certainly be your classroom. Distance education took a giant leap on Monday with the launch of TEDEd, a non-profit initiative that harnesses the talent of the world's best teachers and visualizers to take great lessons beyond the classroom to anyone with internet access. In other words, if you are a great teacher, you can take your best lessons or tutorials beyond your classroom and be viewed by millions of students.Here's how it works: Through an open submission process on the TED-Ed website, educators and animators from around the globe can contribute lesson plans and video reels on any topic. Select lesson submissions will be matched with chosen visualizers to create video lessons that will take the teaching and learning experience beyond the classroom in short videos that can be anywhere from three to ten minutes long.The channel will be part of the already running You-Tube education channel ( youtube .com/edu) which offers a collection of half a million educational videos that go beyond the \"cat flushing a toilet\" kind of stuff available on the mother channel.Online education concepts, such as YouTube's education channel and Khan Academy, have been around for awhile, but what sets TED-Ed apart is the eye-catching animation through visualizers, professional editing, and high quality production values, and the shorter length that abbreviates what can be an hour-long class.For instance, in a sample video, neuroscientist and teacher Greg Gage worked with a TED visualization team to explain the human brain and nervous system using live videos and animation of a cockroach dissection - taking five minutes where it might have taken an hour of dry lessons on a blackboard and a messy dissection in a lab with many students. \"By turning great lessons into vivid scholastic tools, these videos are designed to catalyse curiosity. We want to show that learning can be thrilling. As they are only a few minutes long, they can readily be used by teachers during class time,\" TED curator Chris Anderson said.The concept builds on the lecture format for which TED, which stands for Technology Entertainment and Design, is famous for: The annual TED conference, dedicated to \"ideas worth spreading\", hosts speakers who are have to give \"the talk of their lives\" in less than 18 minutes.One such speaker was Salman (\" Sal\" ) Khan, an online educator of subcontinental origin introduced at TED in 2011 by Bill Gates , who said he used videos on the Khan Academy website to teach his children. Khan was featured on CBS' '60 Minutes' on Sunday.But TED executives said the TED-Ed concept will complement rather than undercut Khan, who uses an electronic blackboard and an unseen narrative format to impart lessons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12240753", "title": "In summer, pay at least 40% more for power", "text": "NEW DELHI: This summer, be careful of how much electricity you consume as the summer of 2012 is likely to give a jolt to Delhiites in terms of their electricity bills.The real effect of the power tariff hike will be felt when increased power consumption accompanied by the rise in tariff is likely to escalate bills in the hot months of May, June and July. In addition to last year's tariff hike of 22% and the implementation of the 5% quarterly fuel surcharge, discoms' demand for overall power purchase adjustment formula are expected to send bills surging during these months.Experts say that on average, Delhiites can expect their bills to be up by approximately 40-50% due to a combination of all these factors and the annual 20% rise in power demand.Discoms are expecting a peak power demand of about 5,500MW and say they are geared to meet the rising demand with long-term tie-ups and banking arrangements. Senior officials from Tata Delhi Power say they have tied up for 25 years to get 300MW from the Maithon project, Damodar Valley, and CLP Jhajjar. In addition, their own plant in Rithala is expected to generate 40MW, too.\"We are anticipating a peak demand of 1,450MW in our areas. Our allocation from central sector generation units is 1,164MW and 300MW more we have tied up on a bilateral basis, so we fully expect to have surplus in summer,\" said a Tata Delhi Power spokesperson. Reliance-backed BSES discoms have also said they have made sufficient long-term arrangements for summer to avoid having to buy expensive peak power from the exchange.In February, the discoms were granted a 5% fuel adjustment formula wherein variations in fuel cost in the international market would be passed on to consumers every three months. It will be revised every three months, depending on the costs incurred by discoms in fuel and coal costs in the international market.All three discoms have also collectively demanded implementation of overall power purchase adjustment formula in the revised tariffs of 2012-13 in their average revenue requirement petitions (ARR). The discoms said the fuel adjustment formula was not enough to make up for their losses as it was limited to certain generation stations and select plants only.\"All the power supply we receive is through long-term power purchase or bilateral purchases. If the fixed cost (capital) goes up, the generation company can pass it on to the discom as per a CERC order. But Discoms can only pass on variable (fuel) cost of selection generating stations to consumers,\" argued a discom official.Power sector officials said it was unlikely that the power purchase adjustment formula could be denied by DERC, as it was also an appellate directive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12242202", "title": "Combative Sheila takes on BJP, accuses it of fund misuse", "text": "NEW DELHI: Poll fever peaked on Monday with chief minister Sheila Dikshit and her cabinet firing a broadside at BJP for highlighting corruption in the Centre and the Delhi government in its campaign.BJP should get its own house in order before pointing fingers at others, was the message that was sent out by the CM. She trained her guns at BJP state president Vijender Gupta and hinted at the possibility of misuse of funds by NGO Sampurna run by his wife.The BJP's yatra to garner support across the city by calling the Congress corrupt was dismissed as a sham by Dikshit. She pointed at poor sanitation, unusable roads in rural areas, the ghost employee scam, a failed luxury toilet project, and an unutilized fund of Rs 1000 crore collected as conversion charges for development works like parking, to hammer home the poor performance of the BJPruled MCD.The show of strength by Dikshit established that a victory in the trifurcated MCD was critical for her. A win in the municipal polls will not only vindicate her leadership in the city, but will also strengthen the government's position as coordinator of the three new corporations.However, the absence of DPCC president and northeast Delhi MP JP Aggarwal fuelled speculation that all was not well between the party chief and the CM. The two had clashed over the trifurcation of MCD. Dikshit denied any differences with the DPCC chief, saying all Congress leaders were doing their bit to make this election a success. \"The BJP has been attacking the state and central government over the issue of corruption for months now. This just an attempt to deflect attention from the failure of the MCD,\" the CM said. \"The BJP is forgetting that these are MCD polls and they rule the present MCD. The mismanagement of MCD reflects that the BJP has failed to deliver,\" Dikshit said. Dikshit said if any irregularities are found in the CWG projects, her government will \"gracefully and keenly take appropriate action\". Dikshit alleged that the BJP passed critical civic projects in violation of the model code of conduct.She hinted that NGO Sampurna run by Vijender Gupta's wife has been able to receive huge sums from MCD as well as the social welfare department of the Delhi government. Gupta hit back by saying that the CM should give evidence backing her claims. He threatened to file a defamation case against the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12242482", "title": "Despite bail denial, \u2018hit-and-run\u2019 ship captain eludes arrest", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite the Madras high court denying him anticipatory bail, captain of MV Prabhu Daya, the ship suspected to have collided with a fishing boat off Kerala coast, killing five fishermen, could not be arrested on Monday after the Chennai port and Coast Guard authorities raised objections. Moments after the high court rejected the petition of Gordon Charles Pereira, a team of Kerala police officers took him into custody. A team member said they could not take him to the shore as the port trust and the Coast Guard officials raised objections, saying a vessel could not be allowed to remain without a captain. The five-member team had to send Pereira back to the vessel. A senior Coast Guard officer said the vessel could not be left in the outer anchorage without a captain. \"A vessel kept in the outer anchorage is a serious matter of safety. We need to make sure that there is a captain on board or somebody else is deputed as in charge,\" he said. Chennai Port Trust chairman Atulya Mishra, however,said he was not aware of any such incident. It is the case of the Kerala police that non-bailable provisions were invoked against the captain and others for their reckless act of ramming into the vessel and then fleeing the scene. Apprehending arrest, captain Pererira and seaman Chauhan Mayur Virendra Kumar jointly filed an anticipatory bail plea in high court. Since Virendra Kumar had been arrested, Pereir a filed a separate plea. His counsel E Venkiteshwaran denied the involvement of MV Prabhu Daya and said another ship by name MT Grace Victoria was the culprit. He said the captain need not be arrested and the investigation could be held aboard the ship. Considering the volatile situation in Kerala, it would not be advisable to hold inquiry in Kerala, he said. T Asaf Ali, director-general of prosecution and public prosecutor of Kerala, said Pereira's interrogation was a must and that he would be looked after in the state's custody. If the captain is allowed to remain in the ship, he could tamper with evidence. S Vasudevan, counsel for the trawler owner opposed bail to the captain and said that removal of aship's captain would not render the vessel unworthy for sailing. As the ship is owned by a Mumbai-based company, it could appoint a new captain, he said.Justice M M Sundresh, said the captain cannot insist that he should be interrogated in Chennai, merely because the ship is at Chennai port.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12245970", "title": "Allow NRIs to invest via overseas corporate bodies: Hinduja", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pitching for simplification of investment procedures for NRIs, the UK-based conglomerate Hinduja Group's chairman S P Hinduja has said that the Indians settled abroad should also be allowed to invest in the country through overseas corporate entities.In the upcoming Union Budget, the government should also consider bringing NRIs at par with the resident Indians in terms of their investments and taxation, said the chairman of Hinduja group, an estimated USD 25 billion conglomerate with presence across automobile, banking and energy sectors among others across 50 nations, including India.Listing out the 'tasks and opportunities for the government' during the Budget for 2012-13, to be presented on March 16 by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , Hinduja said that there was also a need \"to regularise political funding and eliminate its corrosive influence of corruption.\"To tackle the menace of black money, he said, the government could consider an amnesty scheme to make accountable the illicit funds allegedly stashed abroad. He further said that the government should also push forward various economic reforms, including opening up of retail business for foreign investment and further liberalisation of FDI rules in insurance and other sectors.While suggesting agricultural reforms in the country, Hinduja said that NRIs should also be allowed to purchase farm land or take on long-term lease (over 10 years), as this will bring latest technology and modernise agriculture sector. For NRIs, he said that the country should introduce the concept of International Trust and lift the ban on investments through Overseas Corporate Bodies (OCBs).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12242166", "title": "Government orders probe by DIG into Minj murder", "text": "RANCHI: The state government on Monday gave the nod for a high-level probe into the murder of Lukas Minj.Minj, a hearing and speech impaired tribal of a village in Burwadih of Latehar district, was found dead on February 7. An FIR was lodged against some unknown people for his murder, but the victim's brother William Minj accused the security forces of killing him. Though the demand for a CBI or judicial inquiry was not entertained, state HRD minister Baijnath Ram, who was answering questions for the home department, agreed to hand over the investigation to the DIG, Palamu division.The matter was raised in the house by CPI (ML) MLA Vinod Singh, who asked if the government had any plan to punish police involved in the killing and pay compensation to Minj's family. Singh also demanded a CBI or judicial inquiry saying the matter was being probed by Latehar SP, who himself is among the accused in this case. \"This is beyond common understanding how the matter is being investigated by the Latehar SP, when the police operation which was going on in the forests of Latehar was being led jointly by the SPs of Latehar and Garhwa district,\" said Singh.Supporting his demand, Pradeep Yadav of the JVM (P) sought to know about the progress of investigation and the reasons for avoiding a high-level probe. Giving details of the investigation, Ram said, on the directive of the Latehar deputy commissioner, Minj's body was exhumed and sent for forensic test at the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) in the state capital.\"The process was videographed and it was confirmed that he died of bullet injuries,\" said Ram, adding investigation is on. On being prompted by speaker C P Singh for a high-level inquiry, he agreed to get it investigated by the DIG, Palamu division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12240520", "title": "Rs 500 cr land scam comes to light in Visakhapatnam", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A land scam running into more than Rs 500 crore has come to light in the Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda)'s jurisdiction. It is being alleged that Vuda officials, in collusion with realtors, have given government land away to private parties at dirt cheap rates.Kona Sasidhar, the Vuda vice-chairman, has submitted a comprehensive report on various irregularities involving land belonging to the urban development authority with the state municipal administration and urban development ministry on Monday. Sources said that action has been recommended against employees and developers, brokers and benami beneficiaries. Sources said Sasidhar exposed the role of Vuda employees at all levels in contriving to see these murky deals through. It is learnt that Sasidhar has recommended cancellation of all illegal land allotments and called for action against higher authorities, which includes IAS officers.Sasidhar has also advised that an in-depth inquiry be conducted in the matter by a specialized investigating authority who must study all land allotments made since Vuda's inception. More than 12 beneficiaries, all of whom have received major chunk of land, allegedly effected the scam with help from 10 Vuda employees, including a former secretary. A senior officer revealed that the action against the lower-level Vuda staff would be initiated in a couple of days. According to sources, the report mainly covers the allotment of an open parcel of land in MVP Sector-II on which an apartment building is coming up but also deals with allegations of fake beneficiaries in a land pooling project at Paradeshipalem, allotment of land in prime areas at throwaway prices and the illegal allotment of land in a layout at Madhurawada.Sasidhar has verified the records of all allotments in Cyber Valley, Ozone Valley, Madhurawada, Endada, Rushikonda, Kurmanapalem, Ocean View layout and MVP colony. Sources said that the vice-chairman went through all the relevant papers that were with Vuda, the revenue department and the sub-registrar before preparing the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12242068", "title": "Quake measuring 3.5 on Richter Scale felt in UP", "text": "NEW DELHI: A minor quake measuring 3.5 on Richter Scale was felt in Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday, according to Times Now.The epicentre of the quake that shook the state at 3.37 am was at Baghpat.More details are awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12240282", "title": "Day 5: Police yet to arrest attackers of cops in Bakla", "text": "INDORE: Five days have passed since a police constable was axed to death and inflicted serious injuries on an assistant sub-inspector (ASI) allegedly by an armed group of bootleggers during a raid in Kargone district on March 7, no arrest has been made in this connection even as senior police officials claim that they have got vital leads in the case.Talking to ToI, SP (Khargone) RP Singh, said that the police collected vital leads that would help the police lead to the people involved in the attack on the policemen.\"But, it is too early to comment on it,\" said the SP. He refused to divulge any details on the ground that it would hamper the investigation. ASI R B Goyal and constable Raghunath Singh had gone to Bakla village to investigate on the illicit liquor manufacturing units operating there, when the bootleggers attacked them brutally with axe and swords killing Singh on the spot and seriously injuring the ASI.The SP further said that the injured ASI, who has been battling for his life at a private hospital in the city, was showing signs of improvement and he might be in a position to speak soon. Once the officer started speaking, some of the vital information about the attackers would be available and it could lead the police to the accused, he said. \"His role is crucial to solve the case as he was an eyewitness to the incident,\" said Singh. However, the hospital sources claimed that the ASI was still unconscious and has been kept in the ICU.\"But he has been responding to the medicines,\" said the SP Singh adding that the ASI was shifted out of the ventilator two days back.Both the cops were attached with Mandleshwar police in the Khargone district.SP (Khargone) RP Singh said that the police collected vital leads that would help the police lead to the people involved in the attack. He refused to divulge any details on the ground that it would hamper the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12243038", "title": "Making best out of waste", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Zoo has embarked on a plan to generate revenue out of its 'waste' dry leaves. Deciduous trees usually shed their leaves in autumn, and there are over 1,500 of them in the 69-acre facility. Earlier, large quantities of leaves used to be collected and burnt. But the zoo authorities now want to convert the leaves into compost, which they feel, will also bring down air pollution levels. The zoo, had in 2005, started producing vermin compost using garbage and dung of herbivores, which fetched good revenue. In the previous season, they earned nearly Rs 10 lakh from vermin compost. Mysore Zoo houses about 170 species of animals and birds and has Karanji Lake in its jurisdiction. Two months ago, a team of five workers was deployed to collect leaves from the zoo premises and Karanji Lake surroundings.For the purpose, three huge pits have been dug near the lake, and they are being filled with four tractorloads of leaves. This apart, animal waste and kitchen waste are also being used to make compost. Speaking to TOI, Mysore Zoo executive director BP Ravi said the initiative serves two purposes -- of checking air pollution and helping farmers with compost at a lesser price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12241147", "title": "Don't worry, call PU helpline", "text": "BANGALORE: Until a few days ago, 17-year-old Kritika R (name changed) was oozing with confidence about doing well in the II PUC examination, commencing on March 15. But with the D-Day round the corner, her anxiety levels shot up and she found that she could not retain most of what she studied. Anxious and frustrated, Kritika had to reach out to Sahayavani, the helpline launched on February 27 by PU department to help students like her.With just two days to go for the crucial examinations to commence, students are reaching out big time to the helpline. \"On certain days, we receive as many as 200 calls from students. These are mostly from those who are crumbling under the exam pressure. We counsel them over issues like method of preparation, study skills, memory power improvement, time management, doubts about future career, peer pressure and behavioural change during the examination, to mention a few,\" said Shreena EA, clinical psychologist, Nimhans, who is at the helpline.The helpline that operates for seven hours in a day has till now received around 1,000 calls from fretful students. The facility has as many as 16 PhD scholars from Nimhans who have been deployed to help students deal with anxiety and exam pressure.\"We are surprised looking at the number of calls we have received till date. This clearly reflects on the stress level prevailing among these students,\" said Shreena.The helpline also has department officers to advise students on issues like loss of examination ticket, mistakes on admission ticket and general information about CET. The helpline is open between 10 am and 5.30 pm. The morning hours are handled by PU Department officials, while the session from 3 pm to 5.30 pm is managed by experts from Nimhans.\"We have maintained an average number on daily basis, which is 80-100 calls. Although the facility will be shut from March 14, we will resume it a week before the results are out. We will continue for 45 days, till the process of revaluation is over,\" said Rashmi V, director of Department of PU Education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12241575", "title": "Police recover snatched chain", "text": "PATNA: Motorcycle-borne criminals snatched a gold chain from a woman, Sukhiya Devi (35), near Congress Maidan under Kadamkuan police station on Monday.Police said the incident took place when Sukhiya Devi, a resident of Janak Kishore Road in Kadamkuan, was on way to a doctor's clinic at Congress Maidan around 10am. Two youths riding a motorcycle snatched her gold chain and sped away.City SP, Kim said two youths were arrested in this connection and the gold chain recovered from their possession.Body recovered: The bullet-riddled body of one Ashish Sharma (25) was recovered from a field at village Ganghara under Sahpur police station on Monday. On getting information, Danapur SDPO Anil Kumar reached the spot.Quoting villagers, the police said Sharma had gone to the riverine belt under Dighwara police station in Saran district on Sunday. On Monday morning, the villagers heard sound of firing from there. Later, some farmers working in the field saw two youths on a motorcycle carrying a body which they dumped in a field at Ganghara and sped away.The SDPO saidSharma had criminal antecedents and he was earlier sent to jail in anattempt to murder. He attributed the killing to some land dispute. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12239838", "title": "Railway Budget: Provisions to reroute at least seven among the 13 long distance trains", "text": "COIMBATORE: There is renewed hope among commuters in the industrial city that the Union Railway Budget to be presented in Lok Sabha on Wednesday will contain provisions to reroute at least seven among the 13 long distance trains that presently skip Coimbatore Junction, going via Irugur-Podanur route. The rerouting of Tirunelveli-Bilaspur Express just ahead of the budget has rekindled the city's long pending demand.According to Coimbatore Railway Struggle Committee, Union Railway Minister Dinesh Trivedi himself promised to reroute at least half of the trains via Coimbatore junction, the second largest revenue earner under Southern Railway. At present, the long distance trains pass through the isolated Podanur station, where the amenities and connectivity are pathetic.As per information available from the Railway Board, Yeshwantpur-Kannur Express, Thiruvananthapuram-Mumbai CST Weekly Express, Chennai-Alapuzha Express, Chennai-Mangalore Express, Mangalore-Pondicherry Weekly Express, Mangalore-Trichy Weekly Express and Kochuveli-Hubly Weekly Express are likely to be rerouted via Coimbatore junction after the railway budget. ``All railway budgets in the last decade were total disappointments to the city. This time we hope the railways would allocate a fare share,'' says P R Natarajan MP, who leads the struggle committee.Other than rerouting of long distance trains, the city demands more coaches in Coimbatore-Mettupalayam passenger, Coimbatore-Nagercoil Express and Mayiladuthirai bound Jan Shathabdi Express. The city also is in need of the long awaited extension of Jodhpur-Bangalore Express to Coimbatore. The demand was placed in two successive budgets in the past but failed to materialize despite the city's sizable Rajasthani population. The Duronto Express, between Chennai and Coimbatore is a big hit and the new biweekly train to Tirupati is also seeing good response. Passenger bodies demand an additional night train to Chennai apart from making Tirupati Express a daily train.As per railway's own estimate, over 45,000 people travel by trains from Coimbatore junction on a daily basis. During the peak holiday season, the passenger traffic swells up to 60,000. \"Apart from the Chennai-bound Cheran and Nilgiris express, there are no night trains originating from the city to neighbouring metros. Successive railway ministers have promised night trains to Bangalore, Thiruvanathapuram and Chennai during the last 15 years.This time, we are expecting announcement of at least one night train to Bangalore, '' says G K Nagaraj, member of the railway struggle committee. The city has just two trains starting from the Coimbatore junction to Chennai and the new Duronoto runs during the day, forcing passengers who do not get tickets in night trains to take private buses. \"If the authorities are not willing to introduce new trains, they should at least increase the coaches in the existing trains,\" said T S Suresh, secretary, Coimbatore Train Passengers Association.\"Just one night train is being operated from Coimbatore to Bangalore. Hundreds of software professionals from Coimbatore work in Bangalore and they are forced to take night buses,\" he adds. The city also demands regularization of the Rameswaram Express, which resumed service recently as a summer special.``The small stations in Coimbatore must be renovated urgently. Stations in the Mettupalalayam route like Thidiyalur, Veerapandi, Pudupalayam and Urumandampalayam must be renovated. If the railways has no money, we can undertake the works under public-private partnership,'' says R Raveendran of Residents Awareness Association of Coimbatore (RAAC). The city also expects more fund allocation for gauge conversion between Podanur and Dindigul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12240234", "title": "Fake Maoists arrested in Rayagada", "text": "KORAPUT: Acting on a tip-off, police arrested three fake Naxals in Rayagada district on Sunday night. The arrested copycat cadres have been identified as Debendra Palka, Mahendra Samal and Badu Jagga, all residents of the district. They were produced in a Rayagada court on Monday.According to police, the trio identifying themselves as Maoist cadres had demanded Rs 1.5 lakh from a Rayagada-based trader and had threatened to kidnap the businessman's daughter if he complained to police or failed to pay the extortion amount. \"The trio had telephoned the trader and the deal was finalized for Rs 80,000. The trio had asked the trader to deliver the money near a culvert at Katlaguda, at a distance of about four kilometers from Rayagada town,\" said Rayagada police station IIC Prasant Kumar Bhupati. \"A plan was chalked out and the trio was arrested while receiving the extortion money. During interrogation it was found that they have no links with Maoists and used to threaten people posing as Naxals,\" the IIC added.According to police, Palaka is a veteran criminal and was involved in several dacoity cases. The trio was using at least seven different SIM cards to make phone calls and to threaten their targets.Speaking on the modus operandi of the gang, the police officer said initially the trio used to demand huge quantities of explosives, hand grenades, detonators, etc. from their targets and when one expressed his inability to supply the explosive material they demanded money in the name of Maoists.\"The gang used to target traders and government officials of Rayagada town for extortion. As people seldom dare to complain against Maoists, they were identifying themselves as Naxals to get their work done. The gang was frequently changing SIM cards to escape from police scanner. We have seized as many as seven SIM cards and three mobile phones from their possession,\" the IIC said.Rayagada police have appealed to people to register complaints if they get such calls in the name of Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12233921", "title": "Why is Shah Rukh Khan blushing?", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan is a charmer and someone who never fails to impress the ladies with his dimple, wit and sarcasm!If a billion books on the king (biographies, coffee table books) were not enough, we had an entire film being inspired by the actor! It was called, 'Shah Rukh Bola khoobsurat hai tu'.The superstar has now inspired a noted singer to pen down a song on him! Singer, Neha Kakkar has finally decided to let the world know that Shah Rukh Khan means the world to her!With a simple yet 'fan'tastic lyrics and music given by Tony Kakkar, the girl has got every Shah Rukh Khan fan crooning to her latest number. The song originally posted as Neha Kakkar Shah Rukh Khan Song is being referred to, by his fans as 'Shah Rukh Khan anthem'!After only 4 days of its release on youtube, the video had garnered over 1,60,000 views and comments from all over the world already begging for remakes in different languages!A rather jubilant and excited Neha Kakkar exclaims, \"I only put it up on youtube because I had made this for Shah Rukh Khan a long time ago when I was totally smitten by him. But the Shah Rukh Khan fans all across the globe can now connect to that song which has become a sort of an anthem! It's sweet of them to comment and like this video.\"Not only the fans, but Shah Rukh Khan himself tweeted and thanked Neha Kakkar for this beautiful song. SRK wrote, \"Heard the Neha Kakkar song just now. Very sweet and the effort put in it....thanx. I feel shy with the love given to me....\"SRK, aren't you blushing?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12241564", "title": "Prez's honour for Bihar farmer", "text": "PATNA: A semi-literate sexagenarian farmer from Nawada district, Naval Kishore Singh, is on cloud nine. He received an award from President Pratibha Devi Singh Patil at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on March 9 for developing a herbal medication to check ephemeral but deadly fever especially affecting cattle. It was a moment to remember for him as he shook hands with her.The occasion was the Sixth National Grassroots Technological Innovations &amp; Traditional Knowledge Awards function where he was presented third national award for developing herbal medication for curing ephemeral fever in cattle. Singh's innovation has caused a sudden decline in the number of cattle deaths due to this disease in his village Dumrawa and surrounding areas.The awards were sponsored by the National Innovation Foundation (NIF), department of science and technology, Government of India, an organization which works to promote innovations in India.\"Your innovation is of national importance. It will help fight epidemic in cattle. You should keep up the good work,\" the President was quoted by Singh to have said. NIF has also given a cheque of Rs 1 lakh to the farmer.Singh told TOI that he has been engaged in his endeavour for the last 20 years. As word of his success in developing the herbal medicine spread, seven years ago a team from NIF arrived in his village to take note of what was going on. \"They were satisfied with my work. After that, several other teams from NIF also arrived. My medicine was also tested by the NIF. Finally, I applied for a patent in 2007,\" Singh said.In 2009, a herbal medicine colloquially called \"Gokhula\", which works as panacea in ephemeral but deadly fever colloquially called \"Addhiiya\" in cattle, was patented in the name of Singh. It cures cows, buffaloes, oxen, horses, goats and sheep. It is made from the roots of the herb \"Gukhula\", which is found in Nawada in plenty.Singh's tryst with herbal medicine for cattle started in 1977 when an epidemic had broken out in his area and around 1000 cattle died. \"Nine out of my own 10 oxen had died. My family was in shock. It was as if everything was gone,\" Singh recalled. \"I did an experiment and my last ox survived. Since then, there has been no looking back,\" a beaming Singh told TOI.Kundan Kumar Sinha, a native of Singh's village, said, \"Before Singh's medicine became popular in the village, several cattle would die of \"Addhiiya\". No medicine from any vet has worked as effectively as Singh's herbs.\"Bihar's director, postal services, Anil Kumar , who is a neighbour of Singh in the village, is also all praise for him. \"Singh has taught us to find solutions to our problems. At community level I would organize a felicitation programme for Singh in the village which can inspire more grassroots level innovations,\" said Kumar.Singh told TOI that Anil K Gupta, NIF executive vice-chairperson, has asked him to spread the knowledge among the rural masses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12241786", "title": "Chaos rules the House", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat state assembly saw unusual pandemonium for nearly the whole of day on Monday, forcing the speaker to adjourn the House thrice following Congress legislators' continued slogan shouting. First, they were protesting against the arrest of their leaders Arjun Modhwadia and Shankarsinh Vaghela in Ahmedabad, and later against the remarks by a senior minister in the Modi Cabinet, Nitin Patel, allegedly showing disrespect to Congress MLAs, especially former minister C K Raulji.Soon after the Question Hour, senior Congress legislators Iqbal Patel and Siddharth Patel wanted a discussion in the assembly on the arrest of their leaders and lathicharge on party workers holding a rally in protest against suspension of leader of opposition Shanktisinh Gohil for the whole of session. The speaker refused, and the Congress MLAs started shouting slogans against the \"dictatorial attitude\" of the Modi government.The speaker cited rules of business that no permission could be granted as necessary permissions were not taken.Dissatisfied, Congress legislators kept shouting slogans, refusing to allow the House to function normally, forcing the speaker to adjourn the House for 40 minutes.The House met, but only to be obstructed by Congress legislators who now protested against state urban development minister Nitin Patel's alleged remark during a budget discussion about huge plots of land cornered by Raulji along the Godhra highway. Raulji took strong objection. He said, he had been \"cleared\" by the Lokayukta in 2002, and if the government had guts it could appoint a Lokayukta in Gujarat and reinstitute an inquiry. While treasury benches - Nitin Patel, agriculture minister Dilip Sanghani and finance minister Vajubhai Vala - denied that the remark was meant against Raulji, Congress' Iqbal Patel argued that any allegation should be proved or else the minister must apologize. As the minister refused, the Congress legislators began slogan shouting, making the speaker to adjourn the House for the second time.The House again met, with Patel continuing his tirade against two other Congress MLAs. First he attacked Natwarlal Thakore saying how the Congress MLA symbolized poor Congress perspective of development by being satisfied with two square meals a day and a couple of buffaloes. Then he said, another Congress MLA Fatesinh Devpara did knowing \"how to ask questions in the assembly\".Infuriated, Congress legislators again began shouting slogans demanding the minister's apology. Siddharth Patel told the speaker, \"There can't be two yardsticks, one for Congress legislators and another for the Opposition. If you can ask Gohil to apologize, you must do it to the senior minister.\" As the speaker decided to give his ruling later, dissatisfied Congress legislators continued with slogan shouting, forcing the speaker to adjourn the House for the third time in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12241045", "title": "Gujarat high court may treat custodial death cases as PILs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The petition demanding CBI probe into three alleged custodial deaths, including two police encounters in Porbandar district, may be treated as public interest litigations (PILs) by the Gujarat high court.One Hiralal Shial has sought independent probe into these three deaths that took place in 1996-97, when Satish Verma was posted as Porbandar SP. Shial's brother Jasu Gagan Shial and one Aher Ranmal Ram were killed in police encounters, while Aher Narayan Jesti Bandhiya was found dead hanging from a tree beside a police station. The third person was on police remand and cops claimed that he had escaped from custody and committed suicide.An NGO - Action Committee for Prevention of Police Atrocities - filed a PIL in HC in 1997 and sought CBI probe into the episode of alleged killing by police under stewardship of then DSP of Porbandar, Verma. He was accused of resorting to fake encounter to liquidate people after characterising them as hardcore criminals.In 1998, division bench directed then IGP of CID (crime) Hiralal to conduct an inquiry whether it was a cognizable offence and those accused in the encounter should be brought to trial. As the task could not be completed within stipulated time, police sought extension and HC granted six more months to CID (crime) to complete investigation.Thirteen years passed, but nothing happened in these cases. This made Shial's brother file a private petition in this case. Upon certain query put forth by HC, the state government admitted that the documents related to these cases have gone missing and the government also expressed willingness to conduct an inquiry into the matter.When the case came up for hearing before justice Anant Dave last week, the judge observed that HC had passed directions in this case in a PIL. He referred the case to the bench headed by acting chief justice for passing an appropriate order as to whether the case be placed before the division bench that hears PILs.Verma, the joint commissioner of police (traffic), was part of a special investigation team (SIT) that probed the Ishrat Jahan encounter case on HC orders. Verma was the first SIT member to come to conclusion that Ishrat's was a fake encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12240675", "title": "Aero Exp fire: Close shave for 16 on board", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sixteen passengers travelling in an Aero Express shuttle from RGI Airport to Hi-Tec City had a narrow escape when the vehicle's engine suddenly caught fire near Kishanguda on Monday night.At about 8.45 pm, driver of Aero Express (AP 28 TB 1763) heading towards Hi-Tec City noticed thick smoke emanating from the engine and stopped the bus near the Kishanguda flyover.There were 16 passengers in the bus who at once started disembarking from the vehicle. While alighting from the vehicle, the engine suddenly caught fire and the front portion of the bus got engulfed in flames, the Shamshabad police said.Fire control room was alerted and three fire tenders arrived to fight the flames. It is the second time an Aero Express caught fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12241854", "title": "Cabinet mission: Fresh challenge awaits Akhilesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: After ensuring a mammoth victory for his party in the 2012 Uttar Pradesh assembly elections, Akhilesh Yadav now faces the first major challenge of forming the cabinet, a test which will examine his political acumen and foresight.From maintaining the regional equilibrium to balancing the old-timers with new-comers, the task would be a tough one, says a senior party leader. Apart from this, accommodating party's 43 Muslim MLAs and not going for a jumbo cabinet may also test leadership skills of UP's youngest CM.The next issue is that of tainted politicians and MLA. For this, it is almost certain that apart from those who have been a part of the cabinet during the earlier SP regimes, none of those with shady pasts are likely to get a chance in the ministry.In terms of portfolios, the younger lot might be entrusted with departments that urgently need government attention and are directly connected to the interests of the masses.This may include power, irrigation, primary &amp; secondary education, medical health, technical and medical education, prisons, industries, and sports. The leadership plans to make the best of the seasoned politicians who have delivered more than satisfactorily during the previous Mulayam regimes. The group may be allocated sectors like finance, labour, and agriculture. Adequate representation of all the regions will also be ensured. Regions, where the SP has made inroads for the first time and those which have been a bastion for the party, are likely to be the priority.Coming down to the important leaders in the party and their possible portfolios, Mohammad Azam Khan is believed to have expressed his interest in higher education. The leadership is also contemplating giving him the home department, a portfolio that has always been traditionally with the chief minister. The idea behind this is to make Azam feel important particularly in the light of the fact that he has initially objected to Akhilesh being the chief minister on grounds that this time there should be a Muslim CM. Later, it turned out to be mere public posturing as Azam agreed to join Akhilesh's cabinet.Senior SP leader Shivpal may retain all the portfolios that were with him in the previous regime including Public Works Department ( PWD), co-operatives and mining to name a few.There are indications that veteran SP leaders like Ahmad Hasan will be included along with six-time sitting MLA Ambika Chaudhary, who lost the elections this time. The list may also include other senior leaders like Waqar Ahmad Shah and Arvind Singh Gope as well. Among the new faces are Abhishek Mishra, who won from Lucknow North and Tejnarain alias Pawan Pandey, the giant killer from Ayodhya. The only outside face in the cabinet can be that of don-turned-politician Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya. Raghuraj has been a long time Mulayam loyalist and had contested elections as an independent candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12241880", "title": "SIT court visits Dipda Darwaja second time", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special court hearing of the post-Godhra riots case at Dipda Darwaja massacre for the second time went to inspect the scene of offence at Visnagar town in north Gujarat on Monday. This is one of the nine riots cases being probed by the Supreme Court-mandated special investigation team (SIT).Designated judge S C Srivastava visited the scene of offence with her court staff, special prosecutors including Mukesh Brahmbhatt, defence counsel and the investigating officers. Brahmbhatt said that all the parties together had filed purshish saying that they did not have any objection to court's second inspection of the scene of offence.The prosecutor said that there were certain queries on part of the court pertaining to distances and size of the rooms where people were said to have been killed.The first court visit had taken place last year after the stage of recording evidence was over.Eleven persons, mainly women and children, were killed in this incident in the Godhra aftermath. The dead bodies were found dumped in a sewer a kilometer away from the scene of offence. Eighty-four persons are being tried in this case. After SC ordered SIT to probe this case, it arrested the first IO and then PI of Visnagar, M K Patel for destruction of evidence and dereliction in duty. However, SIT did not arrest former BJP MLA Prahlad Gosa and local leader Dahyabhai Patel, who came to be arraigned as accused by the court.The stage of final argument is almost over with the prosecution and defence lawyers completing their arguments.The court is scheduled to hear the reply of Patel's lawyer on March 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12247253", "title": "Does your child get enough Vitamin D?", "text": "Are you one of those who believe plain milk is enough for your child's nutritional needs? Have you ever thought about your child's Vitamin D levels? These findings are an eye-openerMark 'yes' if these situations are relevant to your child :1. Your child barely plays out in the sun.2. Off late your child tends to get tired easily &amp; seems listless at times.3. Your child complains of pain in his joints without reason.If your answers are predominantly 'yes', then this recent 11-city survey conducted by Ipsos Research will be an eye-opener for you. The purpose was to understand the level of awareness about Vitamin D among mothers - whether they considered it important enough for their child, the misconceptions about it and the harm that would befall the child if they are found to be Vitamin D deficient. The response from the 2000 mothers who were spoken to for the survey, threw up some compelling insights.First the good news. General awareness levels among the mothers were high: most of them correctly mentioned sunlight as a source of Vitamin D. They were aware that lack of this vitamin would result in weak bones in children. The good news however, ended there!More worrisome were several startling disclosures, viz:-Only 50 per cent of the mothers were aware of the crucial nutritional link between calcium and Vitamin D.-Only 14 per cent mothers felt their children were calcium-deficient. The majority of them believed the milk they were providing their children was enough to store up Vitamin D levels in the body.-Their awareness about other sources of Vitamin D (fish, fish liver oils, egg yolk, fortified dairy and grain products) was also very low.-They didn't know that apart from weak bones, lack of Vitamin D also results in skin-related issues, tooth cavities and poor concentration levels.-Majority said they give milk daily to their children and in addition also provide them fruits, milk food drinks (MFDs) and interesting home-made food. Most mothers preferred MFDs over plain milk and also felt the quantity of milk their child was consuming was sufficient for calcium absorption.So what lessons and questions does this insightful survey throw up? For starters, there is an urgent need to shore up awareness levels among mothers because most of them feel that the source of Vitamin D is restricted largely to absorption of natural sunlight. The truth is that this vitamin can be and needs to be made available to children in many other ways as well, given the kind of lifestyles many of them lead. Mothers also need to be educated about the health hazards that calcium deficiency leads to, and the right quantity of milk that needs to be consumed everyday for calcium absorption in the body.The findings of the survey should prompt you to stop, take note and become more aware. After all, it is awareness that leads to empowerment.This is the first of a 10-part series that will focus on the importance of Vitamin D for children. Keep watching this space for more(If you have any queries, call us on the Cadbury Bournvita helpline number : 1800 22 8530 from 9 am to 5 pm on weekdays)A Consumer connect initiative", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12240477", "title": "Mining truck knocks down scooterist to death at Panchwadi", "text": "PONDA: A mining truck dashed against a scooter killing the rider on the spot at Mapa, Panchwadi, in Ponda taluka late Monday evening.According to Ponda police, scooterist Anthony Fernandes, 45, a resident of Quepem, was returning home when the truck dashed against him. Fernandes was knocked down and sustained grievous injuries.Locals who rushed to help the victim summoned an EMRI 108 ambulance. However, the victim succumbed to his injuries before he could get medical aid. The ambulance attendant pronounced him dead on the spot, police said.Ponda police conducted 'panchnama' of the accident scene. The body of the deceased has been preserved in the GMC morgue for an autopsy to be conducted on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12241422", "title": "City may never see WTC", "text": "GURGAON: Having failed to start construction of the much-hyped World Trade Centre (WTC) in Gurgaon 14 years after the announcement, the developers of the project are set to lose the licence for the project.On Monday, the Department of Town &amp; Country Planning (DTCP), Haryana, initiated the proceedings to reject the renewal of licence of a consortium of five builders to construct World Trade Centre in Sector 33.The DTCP move came in response to the applications moved by the promoters seeking renewal of licence in the month of October last year.The project was approved in 1997 when a sub-committee formed by the council of ministers under the then chief minister Bansi Lal had exempted the builders from rules such as built-up areas. The project was to come up on an 11.47-acre piece of land in Sector 33.In the notices issued to five builders - Energetic Builders Pvt Ltd, Glorious Invest Pvt Ltd, Attractive Construction Pvt Ltd, Deep Mala Builders Pvt Ltd and Neel Kamal Build Invest Pvt Ltd - the DTCP has sought their final response by April 2.\"After a period of 14 years from the grant of licence, you have only started the excavation work and thus failed to take any effective steps for achieving the objectives of setting up of World Trade Centre at the site,\" reads the notice.The notice served by Devender Nimokar, district town planner (DTP, Headquarters) also reads: \"The government granted special relaxation while considering your licence application in order to obtain various financial benefits to the state government and attracting multinational and state agencies to further expand their activities in Gurgaon but this has not been achieved... Your request for renewal of licence is liable to be rejected.\"The promoters of the companies have been given a final opportunity to appear before the director general on April 2, said sources in the DTCP. When contacted, T C Gupta, director general of DTCP, and Vijender Rana, DTP (Gurgaon), confirmed the development but expressed inability to comment.The latest development comes within weeks after the department took disciplinary measures against developers of Mayfield Gardens, who failed to clear their dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244457", "title": "Ambika Soni to watch Paan Singh Tomar", "text": "UTV Spotboy's latest release Paan Singh Tomar is getting outstanding response. The movie is going to be screened for the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting on a special request.The screening will be attended by Ambika Soni , Minister - MIB, director Tigmanshu Dhulia and actor Irrfan Khan on Wednesday 14 March 2012 in Delhi.Ronnie Screwvala Managing Director, The Walt Disney Company, India said, \"Paan Singh Tomar continues UTV's commitment to relevant yet commercial cinema. Not many Studios or Individuals in India would back the movies we back and then market and promote them worldwide. We are very heartened with the Box Office and the critical acclaim the film has got and we think it is an Oscar contender, no less.\"When asked about the screening he said, \"It is thus apt that the I &amp; B Ministry arranged this screening and we are very proud of the recognition that the Ministry and Ambika ji has given to our work and commitment\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12241872", "title": "Musical chair in BJP for RS, Parishad seats", "text": "LUCKNOW: With all defeated generals staking their claims to the single Rajya Sabha and Vidhan Parishad seats, nomination of candidates on Monday turned out to more of a cosmetic exercise for UP BJP. Sensing the general mood and the veritable stampede for the chairs, UP BJP state election committee which met here to shortlist nominees opted to play safe and ended up with a laundry list of \"at least two dozen names\" of saffron heavyweights for each House. With this, suspense thickens and the ball finally reaches Delhi team for taking the final call.The inability to throw up a consensus candidate raises a question mark over the political fate of firebrand Hindutva leader from Faizabad Vinay Katiyar. Katiyar's term in Rajya Sabha ends on April 1 and he is rooting for a re-nomination. The former president of the state unit, easily one of the most celebrated rabble raisers in the saffron camp, has seen his electoral graph slip steadily with three consecutive defeats from Faizabad, Ambedkarnagar and Lakhimpur Khiri before he was sent to Rajya Sabha in 2006. But things have changed dramatically ever since.After Nitin Gadkari replaced the Ram Mandir pitch with Ramraj, the most vocal protagonist of the temple movement became increasingly marginalised in mainstream politics. Babu Singh Kushwaha offered him a chance to spring back in the limelight. Unfortunately, the move to enlist support of former family welfare minister turned suspected NRHM scamster in election has misfired and now questions are being raised over the wisdom of cosying up to Kushwaha in the first place. \"Known as one of the key men rallying behind him, Katiyar has lot to answer to the leadership and also the cadre\", a senior leader said. This is definitely not the most opportune time for Katiyar by any reckoning, he said hinting that any attempt to reward the leader may have to face stiff resistance from colleagues.The name of former Speaker of UP assembly Keshri Nath Tripathi also figures in prominently. A legal wizard and well versed in assembly proceedings, Tripathi is one of the most respected leaders in the state unit. Although losing two elections in succession may nix his chances, sources said. Same is the case with Om Prakash Singh. The best known backward face in the BJP before Uma Bharti arrived at the scene, the stalwart has suffered his first electoral debacle in 40-year career. And therefore his camp is extremely hopeful of a suitable rehabilitation.In fact, both tentative lists are chock a block with names of party bigwigs who are shaky about facing the electorate and planning a backdoor entry to either of these houses, a senior leader said as he hinted that Shahi himself has joined the queue. The BJP chief has been trounced in Pathardeva and would like to make a graceful exit before things get rough here. He has already owned up the responsibility for the humiliating tally in election 2012 and detractors are baying for his blood. The demand for his ouster may gather momentum on March 14, the day senior party functionaries meet to mull over the electoral reverses. His predecessor Ramapati Ram Tripathi is also angling for a Parishad term, sources said. It would be interesting to see how the high command juggles the name and announces the winner, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240838", "title": "MTDC offers the perfect vacation this summer", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has much to offer tourists this summer vacation. Apart from regular revamping of resorts, the MTDC and the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) will be jointly implementing the Vidarbha ecotourism mega circuit development project, with a view to develop the four major sanctuaries of Nagzira, Navegaon, Tadoba and Melghat for tourists.Also, on MTDC's agenda this summer is reopening its resort in Matheran after a hiatus of two years. The resort, which was built in 1925, was recently upgraded according to heritage norms.Plans for reservation of forest rest houses via MTDC website are also on. \"Reservation of forest rest houses via MTDC website is under consideration. Once the facility is implemented, tourists can reserve forest rest houses online, instead of having to personally visit the site or the forest department,\" said an MTDC official.Kishori Gadre, general manager, MTDC, said that the major thrust this vacation period is on developing hill stations and wildlife sanctuaries with tourism potential. \"The resort in Matheran, which is an eco-sensitive zone, will be opened to tourists by the end of March. Two of its buildings, housing 13 rooms, have been revamped according to heritage norms as the structures are more than 85-years-old. The external facade of these buildings has been kept the way it was back then. In addition, a lot of wood has been used in the refurbishing, avoiding the use of too much cement and concrete,\" said Gadre, adding that most resorts are already showing 50% bookings.Under the Vidarbha ecotourism mega circuit development project, the MTDC plans to develop accommodation facilities for tourists at Nagzira, Navegaon, Tadoba and Melghat sanctuaries, while the FDCM will look after developing other facilities such as nature trails, information boards, signages and machans (platform for watching animals in wild-life reserves), flora and fauna information system, tree labels, displays on species and their habits, among other things.Pravinsingh Pardeshi, principal secretary (state department of forest), said, \"Rest houses in Nagzira are being handed over to the FDCM, which is upgrading them with the help of funding provided by the MTDC. A lot of 'green upgrades' are being added, such as solar heating, cooking through biogas, bio-degradable toilets and the like.\"Other revamps undertaken by the MTDC include an addition of four more rooms in its bamboo house boat in Tarkarli, and 30 rooms in its resort in Amboli. \"The recently initiated adventure sports activities in Ramtek, Nagpur, under the regional tourism development scheme will draw plenty of tourists this summer. Some sports activities here include rappelling, paragliding, archery and rock climbing,\" said another MTDC official.Meanwhile, a Rs 45.1 crore project under the Union government's central finance assistance (CFA) scheme, called mega circuit development for Nanded, is also in the pipeline. \"It includes development of Kandhar fort, Vishnupuri backwater and Mahur,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12241018", "title": "'Minor' issue lands her in major trouble", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The Indian Union Muslim League (IUML), which once struggled to shield itself against the allegation that the party imposed restrictions on women members of the local bodies, is back in trouble.On Monday, hassled by gender inequality in the party the vice-president of Pookkottur grama panchayat and member of ward VII Mariyumma Vettassery resigned from her post. She has alleged that district president of IUML Panakkad Syed Sadique Ali Shihab Thangal asked her to stay away from office work after she opposed the marriage of 14-year-old daughter of Rasiya, a panchayat member from ward IV. Mariyumma, who also quit from the post of president of the panchayat committee of Vanitha League, women's wing of IUML, has alleged that two male panchayat members of ward 5 and 15 harassed her for not following the party district president's diktats. \"I opposed the marriage as it is against the law. After the marriage, held on January 1, Rasiya and other panchayat leaders met district president with complaint against me. The party district president told me to stay away from routine meetings,\" she told TOI.Her repeated plea to panchayat committee asking them to repeal the party district president's decision was not entertained. \"I cannot follow the party's direction as it is not practical,\" she said.She also alleged that the party was irked with her working in office after 6pm. \"Some members opposed it even though I told them I had to complete pending work,\" she said.Meanwhile the panchayat committee president of the party A Muhammed Kunhan said that the party will respond after the panchayat committee meeting to be held in the coming days.P Abdul Hameed, general secretary of district committee, IUML, has termed her allegations as 'baseless and illogical'.\"The party asked her to take leave for some days following a dispute between two members in the panchayat. It cannot be misinterpreted as party's intervention in her official duty,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12242238", "title": "Naxal arms factory busted near Mumbai", "text": "NAGPUR: The Gadchiroli police busted a Naxal arms and ammunition factory was unearthed at Neral in Raigadh district on Saturday.Police said the factory belonged to Aseem Bhattarcharya, who was arrested along with Dinesh Wankhede, Suman Gawde and Paro Patel from their Dombivli hideout in the first week of March. Bhattacharya is alleged top Naxal cadre Suryakant's elder brother. Suryakant is now in jail since his arrest from Patna in 2007 along with consignment of arms and ammunitions.Wankhede and Gawde were part of Korchi Dalam in northern Gadchiroli and regular visitors of Bastar.Weapon parts, dies recoveredThe Neral workshop was functioning under the name of Neral Engineering Works since the last few years. Police have recovered dies of various kinds from the factory. Parts of rocket launchers, guns and magazines were also found besides some damaged pieces and samples. Four people were working in the factory when the raid took place. \"It was not functioning regularly, but operated about once a fortnight,\" said Gadchiroli SP S Vireesh Prabhu. \"We are checking whether more people were involved in it,\" he said. A joint action team from Mumbai and AP cops too had unearthed a small workshop for making weapons at Dombivli. This den was close to the place from where Naxals were arrested at Dombivli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12242467", "title": "e-challaning comes clicking to city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to spruce up its operations, Chandigarh police is all set to start the much-awaited e-challaning concept in this city.In the recently passed budget of traffic police, an amount has been sanctioned to buy the hand-held computer devices that will be used for e-challaning. A special server, which will be connected to all devices, will be set-up.Now when a cop catches a violator, he will be able to check his driving history by accessing the data that will be stored at back-end. \"We would start the concept of e-challaning in the coming days. We have started procuring equipments for it. A special server will be set up at some central location and it would be connected with all other hand-held computer devices, which are known as simputers,\" Alok Kumar, deputy inspector general of Chandigarh police, told TOI.He added, \"If a traffic cop catches any violator then by using the details of his driving licence, his history of violations can be immediately checked. Based up on it, the slip will be issued. There would be enough data-base of the driving licence holders.\"Under e-challaning, the violator can also make an on-the-spot payment of challan amount. A senior police official said after the smooth take-off of e-challaning system, practice of manual challaning would be stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12242480", "title": "Rewind to 2010: Cop did the same thing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For constable Jagbir Singh, who shot at an inspector on Sunday night, causing commotion is nothing new. In November 2010, too, he had made scene outside the residence of SSP Naunihal Singh under the influence of liquor. At that time too, Jagbir was attached with the police control room (PCR) wing of Chandigarh police.Sources told TOI, \"Then SHO of PS 17, Inspector Hardeep Singh, was also manhandled. Jagbir had even smashed the windowpanes of two police vehicles outside the SSP's house.\"Then SHO Hardeep Singh had recommended a detailed report against Jagbir to senior police officials but no action was taken against him and departmental probe too is pending even after two years, sources added.DSP Roshan Lal, head of the PCR wing, said, \"Jagbir had created ruckus in November 2010, too, but he was not suspended only made a subject of departmental probe.\"SSP Naunihal Singh expressed his ignorance over previous misdeed of constable Jagbir and said he will check why appropriate action was not taken against him at that time.Constable Jagbir has also filed a complaint against Chandigarh police in Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) seeking promotion and police in its reply claimed that as departmental inquiry is pending against him, he was not given promotion. Jagbir had also made a request before PCR officials to transfer him in the jurisdiction of police station, Industrial Area.Both accused arrestedCHANDIGARH: Enraged at this cops also abused the guard. On their way back, police said, Inspector Satpal intercepted them. Though Balir surrendered and handed over the keys of the gypsy to Satpal, Jagbir pulled out his revolver and fired two shots. The inspector ducked and saved himself. Jagbir then put his service revolver on his neck, but by that time barrel of the revolver got jammed.Police have arrested both the constables under the charges of attempt to murder.Though SSP Naunihal Singh said it is the extreme case of indiscipline within the force, family members of Jagbir claimed, \"He was depressed due to his pending promotion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "behrampur", "code": "12240018", "title": "Mason arrested for assaulting woman labourer", "text": "BEHRAMPUR: A 40-year-old man was arrested from Kandhamal district on Monday for assaulting a tribal woman. The accused was identified as Prakash Digal of Kurumingia village within G.Udayagiri police limits. The victim (35), a daily-wage labourer, is being treated at SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack.People of the area found the unconscious woman in Gudari village within Khajuripada police limits on March 7 and informed police. She was admitted to the hospital at Phulbani and then shifted to Cuttack. Her was unable to speak. \"Digal, who works as a mason, has confessed to assaulting her after a minor scuffle,\" said sub-divisional police officer (Sadar) G C Sethi. The accused person, however, denied raping her. \"We have asked the doctors to examine if there was any rape,\" SDPO said.Police said preliminary probe revealed that the mason and the girl were having a love affair for the last three years. After a minor scuffle between them, Digal allegedly assaulted injuring her. Digal, a father of two, had fled after the incident and taken shelter at his relative's house in Kurumingia. Digal has been staying in Phulbani with his family for several years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "delhi/hyderabad", "code": "12240448", "title": "SC defers Srilakshmi\u2019s bail plea hearing", "text": "DELHI/HYDERABAD: Refusing to give any relief to arrested IAS officer Srilakshmi, the Supreme Court on Monday posted hearing on her bail plea to April 2.The CBI, that is investigating into Gali Janardhana Reddy's illegal mining case, informed the Supreme Court that it would file its supplementary chargesheet by March 30. The probe agency submitted a fresh status report on the progress of the investigation to the apex court when the matter pertaining to the bail plea of Srilakshmi came up for hearing.Citing problems like the delay in getting sanction from the Centre to prosecute public servants like IAS officers, the counsel for Srilakshmi urged the court to consider her case for bail. CBI counsel said she might apply to the trial court for bail if the CBI failed to file its supplementary chargesheet by March 30.When her counsel pleaded for immediate relief, the court said that the latest status report did not give any rosy picture about her role in the scam. The matter is posted to April 2 for further hearing.Meanwhile, N Madhusudan Rao, principal of a private college in Mehdipatnam, and a trader P Venkateswara Rao of Kothapet filed two separate petitions in the AP High Court on Monday seeking to restrain the CBI from harassing them in the OMC case.Madhusudan Rao alleged that the CBI was pressuring him to give a statement saying that Rs 44 lakh he received from selling his land to M Rakesh Babu, a relative of Srilakshmi, belonged to her.Another petitioner and business partner of Rakesh, Venkateswara Rao said that the CBI was asking him to state that the loan amount of Rs 33 lakh they got from a bank too belonged to Srilakshmi. HC would take up these matters for hearing on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "background", "code": "12244225", "title": "Can income tax be abolished? What are the pros and cons of abolishing income tax?", "text": "BACKGROUND:Mina and her colleagues don't look forward to the months of February and March. The take-home salary during these two months is the lowest. After employees have provided proof of tax eligible investments and expenditure, post a quick computation by the in-house payroll departments, the remaining tax liability is deducted against the salary income of the two remaining months of the fiscal year.\"Why must I pay a high tax rate of almost 31% and get nothing in return,\" Mina has exclaimed in anguish on more than one occasion. She wishes for complete abolition of income tax. No doubt , this has been the secret if not vocal wish of many salaried tax-payers. Those earning a taxable income of more than Rs 8 lakh fall in the highest tax bracket of 30% plus an education cess of 3%. But is Mina justified in her complaint?A quick glance:A quick glance at worldwide personal tax rates shows that the maximum marginal rate of tax in Denmark, Sweden, Belgium and the US is perhaps the highest in the world. Yet a host of benefits are also provided to its citizens such as unemployment benefit, retirement benefit, pension, healthcare ...The grass does appear greener on the other side, but there is also a cost attached in the form of social security taxes. For instance, a salaried employee having a gross income of $100,000 would be subject to social security tax (5.7% and 7.7% being the employee and employer contributions ). It can be argued that we in India also contribute to PF. One can also say that in these countries it is the richest of the rich that are subject to the maximum marginal rate of tax . The debate can rage on and on ...Sometime last year, while flat tax was the topic of discussion in several parts of the world, including the US, a study of 54 different countries by Shigehiro Oishi, a psychologist attached to the University of Virginia , found a direct co-relation between progressive tax policies and overall happiness. The report emphasized that what matters is what governments do with the tax moolah they collect. Thus citizens of Denmark, which has a high maximum marginal rate of over 50%, were still happy.Of course, there are countries where individuals do not pay any tax, these are typically tax havens such as the Cayman Islands, where the zero tax rate is meant to attract the rich and the famous, or resource-rich countries such as those in the Gulf region.Neil nods his head absently, while his wife continues to rant. In reality, he, as the owner of a medium-sized business is tired of litigation, of ever changing laws and a high MAT of around 20% (with the corporate tax rate being close to 33%). A quick glance at worldwide corporate tax rates shows that several countries have corporate tax rates falling in the 25%-35 % bracket, US and Pakistan have a rate of 35 %, Australia (30 %), UK (26 %), and China (25%), barring a few sectors which get favourable tax treatment ). Once again, tax havens such as Cayman Islands have nil rate of corporate tax, Cyprus levies 10%, and Mauritius levies 15% for non-offshore companies. Some developed countries like Germany (15%) and Singapore (17%) do have more favourable rates of tax. The cost of collecting income tax is higher (more than 0.65% of the revenue collected), whereas even as no statistics are available owing to the indirect tax levy being collected both at central and state level, the cost of indirect taxes collection is assumed to be much lower.Of course, for each of these points there can be counter arguments. A complete abolition of direct taxes is not required to tackle the problems of black money or to change consumer habits. Cost of collections can be lowered through use of technology ; anti-corruption measures can ensure better utilization of tax money and also curb black money. While tax-free agricultural income is a sore point for urban India, with fragmented farming and low yields, majority of rural India would continue to be outside the tax bracket.Why must income-tax be abolished:Mina has many arguments up her sleeve in favour of income tax abolition.&gt;No income tax means more spending power, more demand, more manufacture, more jobs. In short, a faster growing economy Income tax leads to tax evasion as people don't declare their true income. Estimated figures of black money stashed overseas run into a mind boggling figure of $500 billion. If there is no income tax there will be no need to evade tax!&gt;Abolition of I-T will mean that everyone will pay taxes. Why should agricultural income continue to be exempted?&gt;No income tax will mean a greater incentive to work, after all, a large chunk of our salary or business profits goes towards payment of taxes plus the utilization of our taxes is shrouded largely in mystery&gt;Certain habits can be curbed through elective use of the indirect tax weapon, such as very high taxes on fuel guzzling imported cars. Don't we all crave a greener world?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12242258", "title": "Free-Kazmi cry grows louder", "text": "NEW DELHI: The campaign to free journalist Syed Mohammad Kazmi gathered momentum on Monday with a thousand-strong crowd holding a candle-light vigil at India Gate. Blurring religious lines, people from different walks of life, including students and journalists, joined in the protest. A teary eyed Jahaan Aara sat amid the swelling crowds holding a candle and demanding the immediate release of her husband. \"He is innocent. My only demand is that he be released with honour,\" she said. Kazmi, a resident of Jor Bagh, was arrested by the special cell of Delhi Police and remanded in custody. He has been accused of being part of the plot to bomb an Israeli diplomat's car on February 13.Demanding disbanding of the special cell, social activist Shabnam Hashmi said, \"Cops are just fabricating evidence. There is an organized design. First, they targeted the poor, then technocrats and now journalists,\" she said. \"A delegation met chief minister Sheila Dikshit and she assured us that she would meet the home minister,\" said Hashmi. Senior journalist Saeed Naqvi also joined the protest.But when the campaign began to assume a religious colour with Jama Masjid United Forum president Syed Yahya Bukhari and Mustafabad MLA Hasan Ahmed raising the pitch, Hashmi and Naqvi chose to slip to the sidelines. \"It is a media affair, not a community affair. I moved away when they were trying to give it a narrow religious colour,\" said Naqvi. \"It's a secular movement. We don't want to share a platform with religious leaders,\" said Hashmi.Taking centrestage, Bukhari said the journalist's innocence can be gauged from the sheer number of people who have gathered to demand his release. \"We will launch a movement if he isn't released immediately,\" said Bukhari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12239914", "title": "'Projects should be announced only if they can be implemented'", "text": "JAIPUR: Industrialists in Rajasthan are hopeful that the upcoming Railway Budget will bring incentives and new projects that will boost the business scenario in the state. However, more than that the business community wants the implementation of the earlier promises.Converting meter gauge to broad gauge in Udaipur and Bhilwara and better connectivity for areas like Barmer and Jaisalmer still remain unfulfilled by the Railway ministry. Angry with the false promises the businessmen are demanding prompt completion of those projects.\"Products manufactured in the state have a huge market in south but there is hardly any railway connectivity. Production in the state has increased but containers have not and in the absence of wagons they lie in the open. New projects should only be announced if they can be implemented,\" said K L Jain, honorary secretary general of Rajasthan Chamber of Commerce and Industries.The Railway infrastructure in state needs upgradation and keeping that in mind the state has pushed for Logistic Park at Khatuvas for which land acquisition is on. The 1,544 km dedicated freight corridor (western) is under construction and will pass through 545 km in Rajasthan.\"Dedicated freight corridor (DFC) will cut short the ferry time of cargo from manufacturing plants to ports from one week to less than 24 hours,\" said Purushottam Agarwal, commissioner, Bureau of Investment Promotion. But the DFC will be completed only in 2016. Till then there is no respite for the manufacturers of the state.Rajasthan, a tourism-driven economy is also hoping for infrastructural development announcements in the budget. State government has pushed various proposals regarding that. Plan to add two luxury bogies, operated by private players in all the major trains connecting the cities in Rajasthan is being mooted by the state government.\"We would like to have separate bogies in major Rajasthan-bound trains. These bogies will have all modern facilities and aim at comfort of high-end tourists. The charges will be higher than normal tickets but our aim is to make travelling in Rajasthan an experience and not just a journey\" said Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12240465", "title": "3 persons held for thefts, Rs 10L property recovered", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police arrested three alleged thieves and recovered stolen property worth Rs 10 lakh from their possession on Monday.Acting on a tip-off, Mangalhat police arrested auto driver Syed Majeed of Shaheen Nagar near VIP School in Osman Nagar, while he was carrying stolen property to sell it to jewellers on Monday. Mangalhat inspector G Sridhar said the accused had committed three burglaries in the past six months in the area. Police recovered four tolas of gold and 60 tolas of silver worth Rs 1.5 lakh from his possession.In another case, Asif Nagar police nabbed notorious property offender Bharat Kumar Sharma of Gulzar Houz and recovered two bikes, 12 tolas gold, 12 watches, a video camera and a laptop from his possession. ACP T Nagraj Kumar said that Sharma had committed several offences in Asif Nagar and Humayun Nagar. Similarly, Langar Houz police arrested Naveen Raj of Kummarvadi who allegedly stole several two-wheeler at Langer Houz, Tolichowki. Five bikes were seized from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12242206", "title": "Railways losing heavily on unviable trains", "text": "NAGPUR: As railway minister Dinesh Trivedi gears up to bring the railways back on track, he could well consider stopping the operation of unviable trains that are bleeding the railways dry.Information sought by consumer rights activist Avinash Prabhune from the Central Railway under the RTI Act reveals that 41 trains, including many special trains, are operating with just 13.61% average occupancy and earned just 16.63% of the potential earning. Information for three years, from April 1, 2008 to September 30, 2011, shows that apart from the 41 trains, 10 trains are operating with whopping loss of about Rs 240 crores.These 10 trains had 61.70% occupancy with actual earning of around 57.17%. These 10 trains earned Rs 63.44 crores against potential of Rs 111 crores during the period. The operating costs for these trains are about Rs 310 crores - more than double the earnings.A glaring example is the Amravati-Nagpur Intercity Express. In over three years, only 23,430 (5.08%) passengers have travelled against seat potential of 4,61,460, earning a revenue of Rs 23.62 lakh (4.25%) against potential of Rs 5.55 crores. The operating cost of the train was Rs 16.56 crore.Another example is the Solapur-Hubli Express, where only 23,024 (5.56%) passengers travelled against seat potential of 4,14,072, earning a revenue of Rs 26.46 lakh (7.54%) against potential of Rs 3.50 crores. The operating cost of the train was Rs 27.42 crores.The figures are similar in the case of Solapur-Kolhapur Express (28.59% occupancy and 20.95% earnings); Manmad-Pune Express (35.59% occupancy and 26.09% earning) and Bhagyanagari Express (34.10% occupancy and 23.79% earning).\"It appears that such economically unviable trains are being operated to serve political interests. Therefore, just increasing fares without plugging such bleeding will not help,\" Prabhune says.The RTI activists demanded action against officials who justify the necessity of operating such trains. \"If such operations across the country are identified and stopped, there will be less need to raise fares,\" says Prabhune.Information given regarding economic viability and audit findings of train operations in the zone show that Central Railway alone suffered a loss of Rs 903.61 crore in 2009-10 and Rs 522.56 crore in 2008-09. The reply from the railways regarding hauling cost of passenger trains per km for 2009, 2010 and 2011 was Rs 579.38, Rs 678.74 and Rs 680.12 respectively, the RTI information revealed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12239812", "title": "Panels to clean up temple affairs", "text": "HYDERABAD: The appointment of temple trustees has always been mired in controversies. Most of the appointments are made under political influence. Not only their appointments but their actions have come under the scanner in recent times. With 60,000 acres of endowments land having been gobbled up by land sharks and precious cash and jewels missing from some temples, the trustees have acquired a dubious reputation.There are series of allegations of misuse of funds and misappropriation of temple land by the trustees themselves. To protect temple land, jewellery, cash and antique idols in 36,000 temples across the state, the government has decided to have special committees headed by district collectors to oversee the appointment of temple trustees.The decision came close on the heels of a recent high court judgment that sought a comprehensive check on the antecedents of the trustees before their appointment. \"With this decision, we hope to control large-scale misappropriation in temples. We have given instructions to the collectors to form committees and cleanse the system,\" Chitra Ramachandran, principal secretary, endowments, told TOI.As per the Endowments Act, only Hindus are eligible to become members of temple trust boards. But in many cases, non-Hindus make it to trust boards thanks to their political clout. There are instances of several trustees with criminal background wielding power in temple matters. \"The latest decision will definitely help rid the temples of corrupt trustees. This will pave the way for educated and spiritually inclined members to run the temples,\" Ippili Shankar Sharma, hereditary trustee of Surya Narayana Swami temple, Arasavelli, said.As per new GO 322, the collector will appoint trustees only after going through a report from a committee comprising revenue divisional officer, deputy superintendent of police and endowments deputy commissioner, who will also be the member-convenor of the committee. The collector will also have the powers to decide the term of the trustees and disqualify them in the event of any wrong-doing.Curiously, the annual budget of the endowments department stands at a measly Rs 130 crore. Then how is it that a majority of the temples are seeped in corruption and land encroachments? \"There are clear-cut instructions in the Act to peruse the antecedents of the members before appointing them trustees. Inclusion of district-level officers, including collectors, will certainly help cleanse the system,\" K V Ramanachari, former principal secretary, endowments, said. The AP Charitable and Hindu Religious Institutions and Endowments Act of 1987 set specific guidelines for appointment of board of trustees but they have always been violated at various stages.However, the decision has not gone down well with Hindu Dharma activists. \"One cannot control the system with this arrangement. Hindu spiritual and religious institutes should be given powers to appoint trustees,\" Narra Munichandra, a temple protection samithi activist, said.In 15,000 temples falling in the category of 6C with income below Rs 2 lakh per anum, the appointment of the trust board is taken by the endowments assistant commissioners. Commissioner of the endowments takes decision on 6B category temples (10,000) with income of less than Rs 25 lakh per annum. In case of another 6,000 temples with income ranging between Rs 25 lakh and Rs 1 crore, Dharma Prachara Parishad is the competent authority. In case of 5,000 temples where the income is more than Rs 1 crore per annum, the decision is taken at the government level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12241875", "title": "Soldier writes HSC exam, aims to be Police sub inspector", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sanjay Kumar Lodha, 28, is an army personnel posted in Kolkata. He is on official leave to write his HSC exams so that he can study further, complete his graduation and fulfill his second dream of becoming a Police Sub Inspector (PSI).His first dream was to get into the Army and Sanjay trained hard while he was in class 11 pursuing the Arts stream. He took part in a recruitment drive and got selected as a sepoy. After special training, he became a driver in the Army driving heavy vehicles in difficult terrains.That was 10 years ago. His first posting was in Jammu and Kashmir and now he is posted in Kolkata. Lodha, who will complete his army stint after putting in 17 years of service, wants to be prepared for the future once he retires from the army. For do so, his first step was to further his education which he abandoned once he got a job in the army.\"Finally, the family pressure to get myself educated caught up with me,\" says Lodha, whose father and brother both are teachers. Lodha has two children - Ranvir, 5, and Jayvir, 2.Lodha says it was difficult to get back to books initially but I was very determined. \"I hope to clear the exams and complete my graduation. My ultimate goal is to make a career in the police after completing my stint with the army. I want to join at the PSI level for which graduation is a must,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244428", "title": "Tragedy strikes Son Of Sardar", "text": "Yesterday, a fatal accident on the sets of director Ashwini Dheer's Son Of Sardar in Patiala sent the entire film industry into a pall of gloom.Thirty-three year old light man, Machinder Arvel aka Bala, a resident of Chembur, was electrocuted just a few metres away from where producer-actor Ajay Devgn was shooting for his film. Bala died on the spot. Another light man, Bipin Yadav, is in the ICU. A source from the set told Mirror, \"Bipin was rushed to the hospital. He is serious. Unfortunately, Bala could not be saved.\" FWICE President Dharmesh Tiwari expressed serious concern, terming the incident a tragedy.Speaking to Mirror, Bala's grieving brother-in-law, Ganesh Vasant Khandane, also a light man in B-town, said, \"My sister and I are deeply shocked. We are grateful to FWICE that Machinder's body is being flown into Mumbai. I was shooting in Madh Island when I got a call informing me about my brother-in-law's unfortunate death. I just don't know what to do.\" His voice choking with emotion, he said, \"We shall demand compensation from Ajay Devgn. However our loss is irreparable.\"Reportedly, the incident occurred when six light men were trying to raise a streamer so as to increase the intensity of light that would fall on the faces of actors Ajay Devgn and Mukul Dev, who were getting ready for the subsequent shot. Explaining what exactly transpired, Vice Chairman of the Union, Prem Singh Thakur, said, \"As far as I know, a hi-voltage 11,000 Watts line was running overhead, just above the streamer. When the streamer was being raised, the hi-voltage line lifted it to a great height, much towards itself. While four light men survived, Bipin Yadav, who was very close to Bala, was adversely affected by the shock.\"Devgn and Dheer remained unavailable for comment. However, a close associate of Devgn (on request of anonymity), called up to say, \"Yes, Machinder is no more. And Bipin Yadav is critical. It's a very unfortunate incident.\" He also said, \"Yes, we did not shoot on Monday. Ajay and many of his co-stars, Sanjay Dutt , Juhi Chawla and others have decided to offer substantial compensation to help Machinder's family. We shall also have a pooja on Tuesday morning before we resume shooting.\"At the time of going to press, Prem Singh Thakur called up to say, \"I have just returned after meeting Kumar Mangat, who is a trusted aide of Ajay. He has also promised that he will leave no stone unturned in compensating Machinder's family. In fact, he said that the compensation will exceed expectations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12240451", "title": "Cavrem locals halt mining traffic over loss to crops", "text": "MARGAO: Taking matters in their own hands, a large number of locals from Cavrem blocked mining traffic on Monday as they demanded compensation for loss to agriculture.Around 250 locals took to the streets on Monday morning and did not allow six mining trucks to leave Cavrem, forcing them to return back to the mines.Speaking to TOI, Nilesh Gaonkar, who has been at the forefront of the agitation for over a year, explained that the villagers had submitted a memorandum to the company three months ago.\"We demanded compensation for the losses suffered by the people over the last five years, but till date have not received any reply,\" added Gaonkar, while pointing out that the deputy collector of Quepem had issued summons to the locals.\"We will meet the deputy collector tomorrow and put forward our grievances,\" Gaonkar said.Another activist, Sidharth Karapurkar, pointed out that as far as last year was concerned, agricultural fields that produced chillies and rice in particular, amongst other crops, had been destroyed due to mining-related pollution.Karapurkar further pointed out that all mining activity in that area had stopped until recently and questioned how mining activity had been allowed to resume.\"The villagers were upset when they found out that such mining activity had been allowed to resume and given that they felt cheated as no compensation had been paid to them till date, they decided to agitate,\" Karapurkar said.Sources said that they hope that the present government will take notice of the villagers' plight and intervenes immediately.Sources further pointed out that this particular mine is the only mine operational in Cavrem, despite mines in the area being shut down after discrepancies were found in the environment clearances given to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12241960", "title": "Resident deputy collector denies grabbing Khadi Gramodyog land", "text": "GONDIA: Former Gondia municipal council chief and incumbent resident deputy collector (RDC) Atul Bhawasar has strongly denied the charges of encroaching upon a portion of Khadi Gramodyog Samiti land. The RDC has also denied having misused power while heading the Gondia municipal council a couple of years ago.A veteran Congress leader and member of Khadi Gramodyog Samiti through a press note had alleged that Bhawasar grabbed 605 sq ft land of the Khadi Gramodyog Samiti ground. The construction on the said plot of land has been stopped after the press note was made public, it was claimed in the press release.However Bhawasar said that he had purchased the land adjacent to Khadi Gramodyog ground. \"I have not encroached an inch of land beyond the location mentioned in the purchase deed. On the contrary, Bhawasar said, he has left out around 60 feet of land for his garage. \"Also the construction work has not been stopped either,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12240828", "title": "'Government won't depend on mining revenue'", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that his government will not allow mining activities beyond the sustainable capacity of the state.Speaking to media persons Parrikar said, \"I will assure that it will not go beyond sustainable mining capacity of the state.\"Asked what would be the sustainable capacity, Parrikar said, \"It has to be decided but it cannot be 55 million tonnes like last time. It has to be between 40 million to 42 million tonnes.\"Parrikar also said that his government will not depend on mining for revenue generation. \"My expectation from mining industry is not increasing but it is decreasing. Revenue collection from mining is less than the last year. Even this year, it is hardly 730 crore from 1,200 crore last year,\" he said.A delegation of Goa Mineral Ore Exporters Association (GMOEA) also met Parrikar to discuss the mining issue. GMOEA has raised general concern faced by the mining industry.Parrikar will meet the GMOEA delegation once again to discuss and deliberated issues faced by the mining industry in Goa.\"We have told him about general problems faced by the mining industry and discussed pending issues. He (Parrikar) said that he will study the issues and get back to us,\" said GMOEA president Shivanand SalgaocarGoa exports nearly 54 million tonnes of iron ore per annum out of which four million tonnes is of non-Goan origin. There are 336 valid mining leases in Goa, out of which 90 mines are operational.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12240129", "title": "Shyam Benegal to film his mini-series in state", "text": "BHOPAL: Legendary film maker Shyam Benegal would film his next mini-series in Madhya Pradesh, said dialogue, screenplay story writer Arun Tiwari here on Sunday.Tiwari is also the co-writer in Kamal Hasan's upcoming magnum opus \"Vishwaroopam\", which is to be screened at prestigious Cannes Film Festival in May this year.Speaking to TOI, on his visit to the city, Tiwari said, \"The mini-series is in the works and Madhya Pradesh would be a location too.\" Tiwari however did not state a timeline for the shoot.Tiwari is best known for films screenplay and dialogues in films like Zubeidaa (2001), Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose: The Forgotten Hero (2005) and Dasavatharam (2008) amongst others.\"The shift to places like Bhopal has taken place and if similar facilities like that provided to Prakash Jha are made available to others they too would come forth and film in MP,\" he added.\"Locations are no doubt suitable for filming but more stories need to reflect Madhya Pradesh and its culture,\" said Tiwari candidly questioning if the location shoot in Bhopal of Jha's films made any relation with the script. \"It could have been shot anywhere and it would have made no difference,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240862", "title": "Two injured as car hits motorbike, autorickshaw", "text": "PUNE: A motorcyclist and an autorickshaw driver were injured when their vehicles were hit by a car near Hazrat Babajan chowk in Pune cantonment on Monday around 7 am.Motorcyclist Sunil Khude (30) of Sachapir Street and autorickshaw driver Chhagan Pardeshi (48) of Bhimpura are undergoing treatment at a private hospital. Their condition is reported to be stable.The cantonment police have arrested car driver Vivek Senani (23) of Karnataka for reckless driving. He was driving without a licence and at a high speed, the police said.According to the police, Senani had come to Pune in search of employment. He was staying with his uncle and at Agarwal colony near the mishap site. The uncle's family had planned to visit Shirdi on Monday. While they were getting ready, Senani went out with the car.Investigating officer Sandeep Kasbe said Senani was proceeding towards Babajan chowk from Nishat theatre via Tej Parwani Road, but lost control over the vehicle because of the high speed and knocked down a motorcycle and dashed against a parked autorickshaw. Because of the impact, the rickshaw was pushed into the tailoring shop nearby, damaging the shop's door and a sewing machine. The total loss caused to the vehicles and shop is around Rs 30,000, he said.Senani was driving without licence, Kasbe added. A police team maintaining Rang Panchami bandobast at the junction took him into custody and seized the Indica car (MH12/CY3371).Nazir Bashir Shaikh, owner of the tailoring shop, said that, while attempting to take a right turn on Jan Mohammad Street the car hit the motorcycle which was going towards Command hospital.The driver tried to apply breaks, but mistakenly pressed the accelerator. The car picked up speed and dashed the motorcycle against the autorickshaw and pushed the rickshaw into the shop.Autorickshaw driver Pardeshi said, \"I was standing near the autorickshaw, when the car hit the motorcycle and my vehicle. Since, I was injured, I cannot recollect the details.\"Pardeshi got his left leg fractured in the mishap. Motorcyclist Khude, peon at Poona college, has received injuries on his head and left leg. Senani was arrested under the Indian Penal Code and the Motor Vehicles Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12242010", "title": "Power board to engage private players", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: In a bid to reduce transmission loss, the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) has planned to develop Ranchi, Jamshedpur and Dhanbad as pilot towns, where private players will be engaged in building infrastructure and power supply.JSEB will announce floating Notice Inviting Tenders (NIT) by the end of this month, seeking invitation from franchises willing to take up power distribution projects. Paper work for commissioning of the 20-month project will be over by June, ground work will begin after that.The Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) has agreed to provide Rs 1310 crore in soft loan to JSEB for the project. \"At present, the transmission loss is around 40% and we aim to reduce it to 17% . The proposed pilot project will help in reducing the loss by installing a sound transmission jacket,\" said JSEB chairman SN Verma. He said the proposed project will be extended to the rest of the state after the pilot project is completed. He was talking to newsmen on the sidelines of the CII Jharkhand-sponsored seminar on 'Challenges and Opportunities in the Power Sector' here on Monday.\"We will adopt the Noida model (for transmission regulation) as this model has been effective in reducing transmission loss by 20%,\" said Verma. He said power generation is an issue in the state, but poor transmission infrastructure has only aggravated the situation.The chairman said two years from now, the state will be in a position to produce 300MW of power. Therefore comprehensive structural changes have become all the more important for supply of quality power.He said, at present, the annual electricity consumption in the state is around 1600 MW, but there are several areas, i.e. over 2000 villages, where there is no infrastructure. So there is also an uncalculated demand. \"On an average, the total requirement stands somewhere between 2100MW to 2500MW, including the hidden demand,\" said Verma.Energy department principal secretary Vimal Kirti Singh, who was also present at the seminar, said the policy of competitive tariff bidding will help in streamlining the power sector in the long run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12240299", "title": "Woman ends life by hanging herself", "text": "INDORE: A 36-year-old woman reportedly hanged herself to death in Saket Nagar of the city on Monday, said police.Police said that the deceased has been identified as Roshani Bapar, wife of Prabhasharan Bapar. She was found hanging from a ceiling fan using a sari in her bedroom on Monday morning. One Sukhwant Singh, a resident of the nearby locality, found her hanging in the bedroom through a window when he had gone to her residence for some work. He immediately alerted the police about the incident.Police broke opened the door and bring down the body. No suicide not was found from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12248415", "title": "What do Silk Smitha and Rambha have in common?", "text": "Late Silk Smitha and Rambha have one thing in common - their real names. Born Vijayalakshmi, both chose to use a different screen name for their films.The Late Silk Smitha is back in the news thanks to 'The Dirty Picture', a film allegedly based on her life. Directed by Milan Luthria, Vidya Balan essayed the role of Silk in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12241629", "title": "Union Bank achieves 97% ACP target", "text": "PATNA: Union Bank of India Executive Director (ED) S S Mundra on Monday said that though Union Bank of India had only 84 branches in Bihar, it has done remarkably well in achieving its target set in the annual credit plan (ACP) for the last three financial years.Talking to reporters here, Mundra said the Bank achieved 97.5% of the ACP target during 2010-11, 121.68% in 2009-10 and 96.35% in 2008-09.Of its 84 branches in Bihar, he said, 30 branches were located in rural areas, 21 branches in semiurban areas and 33 branches at urban centres. The bank was fulfilling the role of lead bank in Samastipur and Khagaria districts, where its achievement under the ACP was 100%.Mundra said the Union Bank of India had total deposit of over Rs 2,654 crore with advances of Rs 672.45 crores as on December 31, 2011, in Bihar. Besides, the bank had also financed Rs 411.54 crore to two sugar mills in Lauria and Sugauli in East Champaran, he said. Mundra said the contribution of the bank under KCC was satisfactory as it had extended financial assistance to 22,114 farmers till the end of January, 2012, in Bihar and efforts were on to achieve 100% target by March end. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12242242", "title": "FIR filed 4 days after assault on brothers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police took four days to register a case against 10 men, who had bashed up two brothers at Satya Niketan on March 5. No arrests have been made so far even as the victims, Gaurav Sahni (29) and Chaksu Sahni (20), claim that the attackers could be seen clearly on CCTV footage.Police, however, claimed that it were the two brothers who had refused to lodge an FIR. \"The SHO of the area said that initially the brothers did not want a case of hurt to be registered. The case was finally registered when they returned four days later. We have found that the CCTV footage, which we obtained from the RWA of Satya Niketan, is very hazy. The footage has been sent to technical experts for analysis. We are also collecting other technical evidence which we do not want to divulge now. Though no arrest has been made so far, we are hopeful of a breakthrough soon,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP (south).Gulshan Kumar Sahni, the father of the victims, told TOI that the cops woke up from slumber only after he approached the PMO, the home ministry, and the police commissioner's office. He alleged that the FIR was deliberately put in milder words. Gaurav has sustained multiple injuries on his body, while Chaksu underwent a major nasal surgery at the Fortis Hospital in Saket.Chaksu's MLC report was done at Safdarjung Hospital. \"He has two fractures on his nose and the operation lasted for several hours. Till I last checked him, he was still unconscious,\" said Gulshan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245929", "title": "Madhavan not in Vattai remake", "text": "The actor denies reports of being cast in Hindi remake of his Tamil action film Vettai.R Madhavan is surprised by news reports doing the rounds about his forthcoming film. The actor, who was in Mumbai for some ad shoots, revealed about his forthcoming films and plans to work in South.Apparently the actor was being considered for the Hindi remake of Vettai to reprise the same role that he played in the original. But he couldn't take it as the actor is suffering from a severe knee injury. When asked about it the actor confirmed, \"I am unable to do the Vettai remake because of my knee injury. I never said I was doing the film.\"He further explained that he needs to nurse his knee first and is planning to take few months break. Reacting on the same he said, \"I have not confirmed any film now. Have to get my knee treated first and get back in super shape. Then I will decide,\"Madhavan also denied reports of being part of a film being made on golf player Jeev Milkha Singh. \"I am definitely not doing any film on Golf with Jeev Milkha Singh. I am stunned they have even quoted me. Jeev and I are friends and I adore him and his father. But we are not doing any film for sure\", he concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12241706", "title": "Union government refuses Rs 51cr aid to GMCH", "text": "NAGPUR: The refusal of the union government to provide financial aid of Rs 50.24 crore for the post graduate (PG) upgradation programme to the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) in city has come as a big set back to the college. Centre is refusing the aid on the grounds that the college is already getting an upgradation support of Rs125 crore from centre under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojna (PMSSY). But the college is requesting the ministry of health and family welfare to reconsider the issue through the Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER).However, though DMER has promised to forward the GMCH's request to central government, the directorate is not surprised by the refusal. DMER director Dr Pravin Shingare told TOI that there was a clear cut provision for seeking financial support for both the undergraduate as well PG seats under the PMSSY. But GMCH had not sought any help for increase in PG seats and only sent proposal for equipment procurement to improve hospital services.\"The medical college's upgradation scheme for nine selected colleges in country had provision for increase in UG, PG, nursing and paramedical seats and equipment purchase for speciality services seats. GMCH in its proposal had sought only equipment. So technically, the centre can refuse support for seats. Yet DMER will forward the college's request to the union government,\" said Dr Shingare. The director said in case the centre does not honour the request, DMER would not let the college lose these seats and get the required aid from the state government.The centre is learnt to have refused similar grant to the Grant Medical College in Mumbai which too is a part of PMSSY. But it is giving financial aid for PG upgradation to 50 medical colleges in country under another scheme called as 'Grant for PG upgradation'. This scheme was launched by the centre under pressure from medical colleges which were excluded from PMSSY.Apparently unaware of the provisions of PMSSY, the GMCH dean Dr Rajaram Powar told TOI that the scheme was meant only for hospital service improvement. ''We already have 119 PG seats (89 PG degree seats and 30 diploma seats) in 23 disciplines. Recently, Medical Council of India (MCI) had given a nod for three more subjects; radiology, forensic, skin and venereal diseases. The increase of 81 seats could be a real boon to the college,\" said Dr Powar.GMCH had sent a proposal of Rs72 crore to the central government after the visit of a central government team headed by Dr Mangala Kohli on September 9, 2010 offering PG seats increase with financial aid for equipment, construction and salaries of teachers. But centre had sanctioned Rs50.24 crore for PG upgradation which included Rs37.69 contribution from centre and remaining Rs12.55 crore from the state.Dr Powar said that an increase of 81 seats would mean a huge investment. \"We need to add a museum, a library and hostel facilities for 300 students which is beyond the capacity of the college. So I have written a letter to the deputy secretary of ministry of health and family welfare Sudesh Singh, who sent the refusal letter, to reconsider the decision,\" he said.GMCH was chosen as the second college for upgradation under PMSSY in state.PMSSY clearly had scope for upgradation of PG seats.GMCH did not apply for increase in PG seats due to deficiency of about 15% teachers.Every department/discipline is allowed four PG seats (2 seats under a professor and one seat under associate professor and lecturer each).GMCH only applied for equipment and upgradation of operation theatres and a centralized lab.CGHS team visited GMCH on September 9, 2010 and told GMCH to send a proposal for the aid.Centre has released an overall grant of Rs 440 crore for PG upgradation in all medical colleges in state.This money too has been distributed to 11 colleges.State government alone can now bail out GMCH from the problem through a special fund for PG programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245011", "title": "Rachcha to release in Tamil", "text": "Looks like actor Ram Charan Teja is keenly eyeing Kollywood market as well.After his Magadheera opened to positive reviews in Tamil (titled Maaveeran), his next, Rachcha will soon hit screens in Tamil as Ragalai. We hear the producers are planning to release the film in Malayalam as well. Apart from Ram Charan, Ragalai has Tamannaah, Ajmal, Parthepan, Nasser and Geetha playing important roles.Confirming the news, its producer R B Choudary says, \"We had plans of releasing Ragalai and Rachcha simultaneously by the end of this month. But Ram hurt himself while shooting, and so, we had to postpone the filming of a song. However, we will be launching the audio of the film, composed by Mani Sharma, by next week in a grand manner. The album of its Telugu version has been received well, and I'm sure the Tamil audiences will like the songs as well.\"One of the highlights of the film, we hear, is the fight sequence between Ram Charan and the villains, which has been shot in a bamboo forest in China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12242181", "title": "Not just a cake anymore", "text": "LUDHIANA: Cakes are no longer just tasty treats for Ludhianvis, who are turning them into an expression of their personality, likes or hobbies. Famous for their love to catch eyeballs, residents are ordering cakes to be made in unique designs like swimming pools and sandals.For her 23 birthday, Sarabha Nagar-resident Niti Taneja asked for a cake in the shape of a swimming pool with three people in it. \"Swimming has always been my favourite past time. There was a time when I wanted to become a professional swimmer but I didn't get enough support so I had to give up my desire and pursue studies. But my love for the sport has not died so I decided to get a swimming pool as my cake,\" she said.Niti said the three people in the pool represent her mother, father and herself. \"Everyone who saw it at my party was amazed to see it,\"she added. Mona Goyal of Pakhowal Road said when her sister Khushi turned 23, she got a \"sandal cake\" done for her.\"Khushi is a shoppaholic and the first thing she spots on all her shopping sprees is footwear. So I thought the cake had to be something that represents her,\" said Mona.Vishal Kumar loves watching his one-and-half-year-old son Arnav sleep so he decided to play goofy one day and showed up at home with a cake which had a baby sleeping just the way his son does. \"I just wanted to surprise my family and the trick worked perfectly,\" said Vishal, a resident of Civil Lines.Chaman Sharma, who is a baker at a popular cake shop in Kochar market, said people have been approaching them with absurd ideas. \"Sometimes it is very difficult to implement the thought but we have somehow been able to deliver so far. When Niti came to us and requested for the swimming pool, I was not sure how it will look but the end result was great,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12240065", "title": "Zaheeda avoids lie detector test", "text": "BHOPAL: Lie detector test on Zaheeda Parvez, the alleged key conspirator in RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case, could not be conducted for the third consecutive day on Monday as she avoided the polygraph, citing uneasiness.Her close associate, Saba Farooqui, who is also an accused in the case also skipped the test.The two had agreed to undergo the lie detector test in the special CBI court in Indore, earlier. Zaheeda declined to undergo the test on Monday, citing uneasiness, CBI sources said.The investigations into the murder case moved further with the seizure of an Activa scooter, apparently used in the crime, they said.BJP MLA Dhurv Narayan Singh had also given his consent for undergoing polygraph test after he was grilled several times by the CBI sleuths in connection with the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood, who was found dead in her car with a bullet injury on her neck on August 16 last year. \"CBI did not call the MLA for the test on Monday,\" sources close to the BJP legislator said.CBI investigations so far into the murder case has led to the arrest of interior designer Zaheeda Parvez, her friend Saba Farooqui, and Shakib Ali alias Danger, an alleged history-sheeter.Danger is alleged to have arranged a contract killer from Kanpur to eliminate the activist.According to preliminary investigation, the motive behind the crime is that Zaheeda was jealous of Masood's alleged closeness with MLA Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12240107", "title": "Cash-starved BMC sits on a huge pile of unspent fund", "text": "BHOPAL: The cash-starved Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) stands to face lapse of a considerable fund--Rs 48.95 crore-in case its fails to use it on development work by March 31, the last day of the financial year.The corporation had sanctioned Rs 5 crore for construction of the multi-level parking in Ibrahimpura, Moti-Masjid, New Market and MP Nagar, but the work on all these multi-level parking is yet to begin. When the city needs parking lots in new, old parts and even in the city suburbs, the corporation has failed to construct a single multilevel parking, says Girish Sharma, Congress corporator and spokesman for the party corporators. The corporation even identified the places in old and new Bhopal, but the work couldn't begin, he said.Foot over-bridges (FOBs) and flyovers have also become a distant dream for the commuters of Bhopal. The BMC had sanctioned Rs 5 crore for foot over-bridges and Rs 20 crore for building flyovers in the city.\"The ruling party is diverting the attention of the people of the city towards the bigger projects like 24X7 water supply, but they have not done any thing on the ground,\" Sharma said.\"They are not focusing on major requirements of the people. The city is expanding, but not the services of the corporation. They are only concerned about their own needs,\" the corporator said.The central and state governments share the cost of FOBs under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). Around Rs1.5 crore was sanctioned for the renovation and development of markets in the city, but there is no change in markets.More than Rs 5 crore was sanctioned for building shelter homes in the city. The BMC had announced the construction of 11 shelter homes in the city. However, only four shelter homes in Bhopal are functional. More than Rs 2 crore was sanctioned for developing footpaths, managing traffic and rotaries in Bhopal. The corporation is still shifting and reducing size of rotaries for widening roads under the 24-km long Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor extending from Misrod to Bairagarh.\"There is a difference in the money we sanction in the budget and the money that we actually get, BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said. \"I am not aware of the developmental activities planned last year, but we would try and include all pending works in the upcoming budget,\" he added. A huge sum was also earmarked for the development of roads, construction of drainages and other civic amenities in the city, but in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12242070", "title": "NMC admits to defunct light in RTI reply", "text": "NAGPUR: In a classic case of administration apathy, around 25-30 street lights on the busy Pratap Nagar ring road continue to remain defunct since last four years, leaving the motorists and pedestrians to tread the stretch in the dark, every night.Interestingly, the electric department of the civic body admitted that many lights were not working in a reply to RTI application filed by an activist of India Against Corruption . The lights, which were not working since last four years, were in working condition on Monday evening, after TOI spoke with officials.KD Dabholkar, coordinator of IAC South Nagpur had asked five queries about 'defunct' street lights on the busy Pratap Nagar ring road. According to Dabholkar, there are around 39 poles between Chattrapati square and Shivaji Maharaj Statute square on Pratap Nagar ring road and since last four years, around 95% street lights were defunct.His queries were: what measures the electric department had taken to repair street lights which were defunct for last four years, whether the department had tried to find the exact cause of it and how much money was spent for repair of street lights in 2010-2011.In its reply, though NMC admitted that most of the lights were defunct, it maintained that whenever they receive complaints, they repair the lights. But the department had admitted that they have no records about expenditure on maintenance of street lights.\"One of the busiest routes in the city, the ring road is being used by lakhs of motorists' everyday. In the absence of proper lights, pedestrians and those on bicycles fear in passing through the area,\" said Dabholkar.Even the drivers of four and two-wheelers have to be extra conscious while passing through the stretch as they fear robbery. In the recent past, areas falling under the jurisdiction of Pratap Nagar police station witnessed many street crimes including chain snatching, said Abhay Kolarkar, another IAC member. \"We are always fearful when crossing this stretch. The administration must get the lights functional for security reasons,\" he added.The cyclists and walkers rued that as the street lights are not working, they have a difficulty in finding their way. Pratik Waghmare, a resident of Pratap Nagar said, \"The repairs will cost little money. May be it's because the administrators do not use this road that they are indifferent towards the problem.\"PSI Vinayak Dhawale from Pratap Nagar police station said because of poor visibility, accidents on this stretch have become common. He added that proper lights will also instill a sense of security among the commuters.Executive engineer (electric, NMC) SB Jaiswal admitted to TOI that many street lights were not functioning. He said that most of the cables in electric poles were old and damaged. He added that the civic body has already started the process to repair street lights and soon all defunct street lights will be restored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12241647", "title": "aaa", "text": "aa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12241724", "title": "Duo assaults traffic cop", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A young biker dragged a traffic constable for around 25 feet before releasing him and beating him up for stopping his bike on Sunday evening at Helmet Crossroads. Traffic constables later nabbed two persons and handed them over to the Vastrapur police. The duo was booked for assault on a government employee.According to police investigators, Bharat Baraiya, a constable with city traffic police and resident of Ranip police line, was on duty point at Helmet Crossroads at 6.45 pm on Sunday when the incident took place. At that time, a youth came on a bike with a girl riding pillion.\"As the youth, later identified as Nishant Dalal, 18, a resident of Ambawadi, had ventured out of the zebra crossing for pedestrians, Baraiya told him to follow the traffic rules and take his bike back. Following a heated exchange, Baraiya threatened to book Dalal for violating traffic rule. Meanwhile, the traffic light turned green. Dalal drove his bike between Baraiya's legs, forcing him to cling to the headlight of the bike. The biker sped for around 25 feet and braked suddenly. Baraiya fell on the road and got hurt in the incident,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Dalal soon called upon his friend Harsh Shah, a resident of Sola, and the duo beat up Baraiya and threatened to kill him if he interferes any more. The duo was later caught from the spot and was handed over to Vastrapur police. Senior police officials said that Dalal is a student of commerce at a city-based college whereas Shah has joined his father's business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244983", "title": "Divas go glam!", "text": "The launch of a new bridal collection in a popular boutique in Chennai seemed to have drawn all the beautiful ladies of the city to its premises.The get-together of girls was a fun occasion which let them flaunt their style quotient in their own inimitable ways. While the ladies took time out to admire the wonderful ensembles on display, they also complimented each other on their impeccable and elegant sense of couture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12242423", "title": "University likely to have dedicated power line soon", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Frequent power interruptions and problems voltage fluctuation would soon be over on the campus of Allahabad University as authorities are trying to have a dedicated power line, which is set to start functioning from the next academic session.The electrical and mechanical wing of UP Jal Nigam installed the transformers and laid down cables in all the four campuses of the university. The work came to standstill for a couple of months after that. This is due to the fact that the cables have to be connected with 132/33 KVA substation set up by Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Ltd ( UPCCL) near Institute of Engineering and Rural Technology (IERT). For it, the cable has to pass beneath Prayag-Lucknow railway line near IERT. The university authorities were informed by the railway officials that they have to deposit Rs 13 lakh for lying of the cable beneath the railway track.The university authorities have requested the railway officials to exempt the university from depositing the money owing to the fact that it is a Central organization.\"The talks are still on and the matter would be sorted out soon. After getting the green signal from the railways and the Cantonment Board for lying the cable, it would take 90 days to start the substation,\" said an official of the university. The matter is likely to be settled this month. The connection work would be completed by July this year, he added.The need of having own dedicated power line was being felt from the past five years, especially after the establishment of some state-of-the-art labs, having sophisticated equipment.Apart from paying an annual electricity bill of around Rs 1.20 crore, the university also spends over Rs 15 lakh annually as the cost of diesel to run generators. The amount of the bill would come down by over 30 per cent. This would be possible as the substation would have a single meter. Its reading would decide the amount of electricity consumed by the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12241510", "title": "Fate of babus puts city on standstill", "text": "NOIDA: With the new government in Uttar Pradesh yet to be sworn in, it has not yet been decided by the Samajwadi Party as who would be at the helm of affairs in the twin cities of Noida and Greater Noida. All department works remain in limbo as the current chiefs of the two development authorities are unsure whether they would be retained or ousted from their posts.The board meeting of the two authorities scheduled earlier this month was postponed indefinitely as senior officials said there was no clarity over who would head these meetings. \"We are left with little choice but to review pending routine infrastructure projects. The board meeting would have thrown some light on what projects would have been taken up on priority in the near future. However, since the top guard is unsure of its tenure, we are simply waiting,\" said a senior Noida official.Residents too have been complaining of neglect and indifference of the Authority officials when it comes to day-to-day development and maintenance work. \"Routine civic works in several sectors continue to remain pending. First the model code of conduct was enforced, then there was the poll process, and now pending transfers of bureaucrats has resulted in a freeze on works,\" said Suresh Tiwari of Federation of Noida RWAs.This period of indecisiveness is also causing a lot of unrest. For instance, tired of the Authority's unresponsiveness, the Noida Extension-Greater Noida buyers' group has decided to take to the streets again and protest against delay in resumption of housing projects that have been halted due to the land row. The entrepreneurs, too, have been trying to settle issues related with commercial activity being conducted from non-conforming areas in Noida. \"We have been knocking on the doors of the Greater Noida Authority for several months now, but it has appeared non-committal in finding a solution. The elections and current inaction of officials has only made things worse,\" said Abhishek Kumar, of the buyer's body NEFOMA.Meanwhile, the chief maintenance engineer, Yadav Singh, who was in charge of some of the most crucial development projects, has been transferred. Another official, Hom Singh Yadav, touted as an SP loyalist has replaced Singh. NP Gautam, general manager of the housing department, has also been replaced by another SP supporter RS Yadav, who also hold the portfolio of GM (Industrial).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12242290", "title": "Boy kills self at Mansarovar Park", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 16-year-old Class X student allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself at his residence on Saturday night. The incident was reported from Mansarovar Park in northwest Delhi. The boy was reportedly outraged after he was asked to study by his parents, said cops.The cops said the exact cause of the boy resorting to this extreme step has not been ascertained as they did not find a suicide note. They received a call from the boy's family members who were not at home at the time of the incident. The boy's mother had asked him to study before she went out to buy vegetables. When she returned, she found her son hanging from the fan. Cops said that he was tense regarding his boards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "12241502", "title": "Class-VII girl raped in Barasat", "text": "Barasat: A youth was arrested for allegedly raping a Class-VII student at her Sandeskhali residence in North 24-Parganas on Monday. The accused, Mangal Nayeak, was produced in the Basirhat subdivisional court and remanded in 14 days' judicial custody.For raping a 13-year-old school girl in her residence at Pukhuria Para near Sandeshkhali in North 24 Parganas on Monday morning.The incident took place around 11.30am when the 13-year-old girl was alone at home, police said. the incident took place around 11.30 am when the girl, a class VII student of Bhagabati Girls school in Sandeshkhali was alone in the house.Both her parents had gone out on work. Her father Sankar Das and mother Namita went out for their 100 day's job(NREGA).It was then that Nayeak, a worker at a local shop, entered the house. came to Das' residence and entered the room where the girl was preparing her lessons.He bolted the door from inside and allegedly raped the girl. On hearing her screams, locals rushed to her recue and caught Nayeak. They dragged him out of the house and thrashed him severely before handing him over to the police. TNNNayeak was remanded in judicial custody for 14 days afterbeing produced before the Basirhat subdivisional court on Monday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244182", "title": "New love birds in B\u2019town Neil, Sonal", "text": "Yesterday, Mirror spotted Neil Nitin Mukesh and Sonal Chauhan at the Mia Cucina restaurant in Versova, looking very happy and comfortable in each other's company.Should we say then that all the rumours floating around for the past 15 days are indeed true, and that the two are a couple.Apparently, the love birds have been spending a lot of time together. In fact, a source close to Sonal revealed, \"This date was of course preplanned. Neil and Sonal were in the restaurant for nearly two hours. They are beginning to know each other very well and enjoy each other's company.\"Another source close to Neil told Mirror, \"They might even be cast opposite each other in a film to be produced by Eros International.\" While we tried repeatedly to get in touch with the twosome, they were rather coy about it and remained unavailable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12242503", "title": "HC orders reopening of closed siddha and ayurveda colleges", "text": "CHENNAI: Slamming the Centre for meting out 'unfair treatment' to two government-run colleges teaching Indian systems of medicine in Tamil Nadu, the Madras high court on Monday quashed the closure orders issued to them. Ordering resumption of classes at the Government Siddha Medical College, Palayamkottai, and the Government Ayurveda Medical College, Kottar in Kanyakumari district, Justice V Ramasubramanian traced the entire history of the Indian medicine systems and the need to give a fillip to them. Pointing out that these government institutions were not run on profit motive, the judge said any adverse decision against them \"would put the indigenous systems of medicine in the intensive care unit (ICU), and that too in an allopathic hospital.\"The Union health ministry's department of AYUSH had denied permission to the two colleges to conduct classes in the academic year 2011-12, citing the non-compliance of minimum standards norms issued by the Centre on March 18, 2011. The main reasons cited for the decision, which rendered the scores of students high and dry, were shortage of teaching faculty and non-occupation of at least 50 per cent of the bed strength as required.The Centre justified the controversial decision saying the original permission was conditional in nature and that classes were conducted beyond November 4, 2011 despite an advisory to the state government not to conduct classes. Justice Ramasubramanian, in his 76-page order, traced the origin and development of the indigenous medical systems, and their decline during the colonial era due to systematic campaign against them.The AYUSH norms require a siddha college with an intake of 100 students to have 52 teachers at the under-graduate level. Its post-graduate programme shall have 12 teachers for 60 students pursuing six specialties. The judge, noting that there is nothing wrong in the central agency attempting to achieve high standards, wondered whether expecting a college to have a teacher-student ratio of 1:2 at UG level and 1:5 at PG level was a \"utopian dream\" on the part of the AYUSH.\"Government colleges do not run on profit motive. On the contrary, a government college teaching alternative systems of medicine has to be seen in the context of the initiatives taken by several governments globally to nurture, protect and preserve alternative indigenous systems of medicine,\" Justice Ramasubramanian observed.As for legal submissions, the judge pointed out that the norms had not even been notified but they were sought to be applied on these two institutions retrospectively. As for factual issues, Justice Ramasubramanian said the colleges did fulfil the requirement of 90% staff strength and 50% bed occupancy. But their cries fell on the deaf ears, as the AYUSH cancelled their recognition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kovur", "code": "12240693", "title": "Netas bank on \u2018durai\u2019 to net fisherfolk votes", "text": "KOVUR: This Assembly seat in Nellore district is facing byelections on March 18, as are six other constituencies in the state. But the contest for the mandate here is not likely to be a straightforward one as the candidates have to reckon with the 'durai', a form of community writ which a fisherman dare not disobey, much like the Khap panchayats of Haryana.Durai is nothing but a community resolution which every fisherman has to respect. Anyone going against it is either handed a hefty fine or even expelled from the village with the resolution effected by the force of majority among the fishing communities. Candidates in the fray for Kovur seat are understandably anxious about voting here turning out to be a one-sided affair in all the 18 fishing villages since it will be the village elders who decide what party the villagers would vote for by means of a durai.\"The villagers will have to vote for the candidate who has the elders' backing; any violation of the code would be dealt with very seriously,\" explained Ramaraju of Korutur village.Backward castes, a majority of them fishermen, constitute 30% of Kovur constituency's 2.5 lakh registered voters. People have unquestionable faith in the system of durai as a forum for dispute resolution among the fishermen. Once an order is passed by the community head, none dare question or breach it. In some villages, an elder heads the community while elsewhere it might be a group of elderly people who call the shots. There are occasions when the community heads go for an auction of the durai wherein the accrued amount would be spent only on community needs.\"The entire village sticks to durai resolutions,\" pointed out Krishnaiah of Dinne village.Thus, each election brings a windfall to fishing villages as they receive 'inducements' from candidates like funds for development of infrastructure etc. Villagers put forth demands like funds for construction of a temple or community hall, laying of roads and purchase of boats. \"A final call is taken after weighing the pros and cons of the offers made by each candidate,\" said a villager of Gangapatnam in Indukurpet mandal. Interestingly, the villagers do not seek personal benefits like cash.Traditionally, the villages on the coast are considered to be TDP strongholds and the party's Chandramohan Reddy is said to be counting on the durai in his electoral duel against YSR Congress candidate N Prasanna Kumar Reddy.\"Chandramohan Reddy is straining every nerve to pocket more durai verdicts in his favour,\" admitted Narasimha Raju, a TDP sympathizer from Kamudipalem. Not to be outdone, Prasanna is using his decades long association with locals to win over the fisherfolk. Given the ground reality, Congress has rushed excise minister Mopidevi Venkataramana, who belongs to the fishing community, to canvass for its candidate Polamareddi Srinivasula Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12240058", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Professional Education Board in question row", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after uploading answers of the pre-PG test on March 11, Madhya Pradesh Professional Education Board (MPPEB) is courting a controversy over cancelling three questions. This was the second time when the board cancelled the questions. Earlier, 10 questions of the exam of Samvida Shala Shikshak-Grade III were cancelled after the examination.Students, who appeared for the exam, were in for a surprise when they visited the official website of MPPEB. \"We were shocked to find that three questions were cancelled,\" said a student on the condition of anonymity. In the set code-C paper of Master of Dental Surgery (MDS), question number 167, 174 and 177 were cancelled.MPPEB deputy controller Alok Nigam said the questions were cancelled after the board received two answers from the paper setter.\"The paper setter sent us two answers for each of the questions that the board cancelled. We were forced to take such step,\" Nigam said. The marking would be done for 197 questions in place of 200 questions, he said.However, he kept mum when asked about the students who wrote correct answers of the questions that stood cancelled later on. \"I cannot tell you beyond this. You should better talk to the controller of exam Pankaj Trivedi,\" Nigam said. Despite repeated efforts, Trivedi could not be contacted.The students termed the board's decision as unfair.\"I had written correct answers of the questions cancelled by the board. Why should I suffer for the mistake of the paper setter and the board,\" another student said who also preferred to remain unanimous.MPPEB deputy controller Alok Nigam, when contacted, said the questions were cancelled after the board received two answers from the paper setter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240974", "title": "Pune varsity's BE results delayed yet again", "text": "PUNE: More than two months since it conducted the final-year engineering (BE) first semester examination, the University of Pune (UoP) has yet to declare the result for the same. The delay, which has become a pattern over the last few years, is giving anxious moments to several BE students. The university rules provide that the results have to be declared within 45 days from the end of the exam. A similar delay had occurred last year too.While the university authorities are maintaining that the BE results \"will be declared soon\", there are contradictory versions from the officials, associated with the exam process, regarding reasons behind the ongoing delay.A senior official, who did not wish to be identified, said, \"There was a change in the office of the controller of examination (CoE) recently. The paper-checking work through the centralised assessment process (CAP) has been completed but, we now require the university marklist to be done in the name of the new CoE. This has taken some time.\"Dean of UoP's engineering faculty G K Kharate said, \"The results are expected to be declared in next three to four days.\" He, however, avoided getting into the specifics of the delay on the grounds that the CoE has been handling the process.An official at the CoE office said, \"We have received the marks in a compact disc (CD) form from the CAP authorities but, the process of issuing of grace marks is now under progress. The results will be out soon.\"The CoE officials have extended familiar sounding reasons ranging from increase in number of engineering colleges to manpower shortage, non-availability of domain-specific experts for certain subjects and programmers hired for Census duties, among others.On their part, the students have complained that the delay is affecting their preparation for the second semester of the ongoing academic year (AY) 2011-12. Similarly, students from the previous AY, 2010-11, with some of their papers left to be cleared, have complained that they cannot plan their future moves vis-a-vis seeking jobs.The UoP accounts for 108 engineering colleges across its area of Pune, Ahmednagar and Nashik districts, 15 more than the 93 colleges last year.On an average, close to 1.50 lakh students from under-graduate and post-graduate engineering courses appear the exams held in December and May/June, for each of the two semesters of an academic year.Some of these also belong to the previous semester with one or two subjects left to be cleared.Considering five subjects with two sections for each course, the number of papers that go for assessment works out to almost 15 lakh for the 1.50 lakh students, the CoE official said. Against this, the university gets barely 3,000 teachers for the engineering CAP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12242411", "title": "Allahabad-Mumbai Duronto Express flagged off", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad-Mumbai Duranto Express chugged into Allahabad junction on Monday. The regular movement of the train will begin from Tuesday.The train was announced in the last year's Railway Budget. Duranto Express provides direct connectivity from the originating station to the final destination and does not stop midway at any station.The train has been running from various stations and is popular among passengers. The train has one AC First class, three AC-II, eight AC-III coaches and one pantry car.The train is bi-weekly.It will depart from Allahabad every Tuesday and Saturday at 7:30pm and terminate at Lokmanya Tilak Terminus next day at 2:50pm.The train will leave Lokmanya Tilak Terminus every Monday and Friday at 5:25pm and reach Allahabad next day at 12:25pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12242412", "title": "Sankararaman case: New trial judge appointed", "text": "CHENNAI: More than six months after the Madras high court stayed the Sankararaman murder trial in a Puducherry court, a new judge has been appointed to continue the trial. By a notification on Monday, the higher judiciary appointed C S Murugan chief judge of Puducherry.Sankararaman was murdered inside the Lord Varadaraja Perumal Temple on September 3, 2004. The Kanchi pontiffs Sri Jayendra Saraswathi and Sri Vijayendra Saraswathi are the key accused in the case.Murugan was hitherto principal judge of Dindigul district, and he will now move to Puducherry on a deputation. Murugan will replace T Ramasamy, who has now been transferred back to his parent department - Tamil Nadu State Judicial Service - and posted as principal district judge of Perambalur.Even as the Sankararaman murder trial was hurtling along, with most of the prosecution witnesses including the victim's wife turning hostile, a set of audio tapes purportedly containing the conversation between Sri Jayendra Saraswathi and the trial judge Ramasamy, had surfaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12239708", "title": "African nations back India on emissions", "text": "NEW DELHI: A tectonic shift in the global climate negotiations got underway with the African group of countries siding with India in demanding that equity and 'common but differentiated responsibilities' be embedded in the talks for a future climate regime.The re-alignments became evident with several key groups of nations submitting their views on how countries should increase their ambition levels for cutting emissions in the coming years.The submissions from Association of Small Island States (AOSIS) and the Least Developed Countries (LDCs) show that they are in closer and open alignment with the European Union while the major developing economies from Africa have transited openly to throw their weight behind the emerging economies and especially back India.The cracks in the over-arching G77+China group of more than 100 developing countries had become evident in the past three years with the AOSIS and LDCs shifting their posts closer to that of EU in Durban. In fact, these groups were often seen defending the EU even when the European countries found it difficult to put forth their own line of attack against the emerging economies.Members of the AOSIS group had blocked any attempt to review whether the developed economies had met their existing obligations under the UN climate convention even though the review would have had no impact on them.The submissions this time around have brought the new alignments in the open. While India had recommended that the rich countries should first set sights on their own emission levels and reduce them further up to 2020 before pushing the emerging economies to take stronger actions, the EU and AOSIS have played blind to any demand of formulating a burden sharing formula for emission reduction or linking actions of developing countries to finance and technology while pushing the emerging economies to take emission reduction measures immediately.The re-alignment reflects the fact that even if the existing firewall between the developed and developing world is broken down, only the larger developing economies would face greater obligations to reduce emissions and the smaller countries like those in the LDC and AOSIS countries would not need to shoulder any responsibility as their tiny economies hardly add to the greenhouse gases in the atmosphere.If the firewall cracks, after the emerging economies like China, India and Brazil, it's the larger African economies such as Egypt and Nigeria that would face the pressure to take emission cuts even though their historical responsibility remains miniscule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12241784", "title": "10,000 in a day and still counting", "text": "LUCKNOW: Once a forgotten entity, the district employment offices in the state are brimming with life thanks to resurgence of Samajwadi Party and its poll promise unemployment allowance (berozgaari bhataa).The rush by the youngsters seeking the allowance has helped Lucknow employment office create a new record on Monday. Official figures show that as many as 10,000 people registered themselves with the employment office during the day. \"The number of registrations in a single day has never been so high,\" said PK Pundir, district employment officer.An estimated 15,000 persons had gathered at the office to obtain a copy of the registration form during the day. The unprecedented footfall called for an urgent need to manage the crowd. So, two platoons of PAC were deputed to ensure that there was no law and order problem. Pundir said, \"The anxious crowd was so difficult to manage. We feared a stampede. But, thankfully everything passed away peacefully. I am sure an equally big challenge awaits tomorrow.\" To note, in Kanpur, the crowd of job-seekers lost its patience. Thus, the police resorted to cane charge to manage them.Considering the high number of applicants, the employment office has made several changes in its rule book. An important rule relates to renewal of forms. As per norms, an applicant should get his or her registration renewed after a period of three years and two months (from the first date of registration). In wake of the rush of applicants, the employment office has increased the validity of existing registrations by one month. This means, those already registered do not need to apply again. In another change, the office would be accepting photocopies of the registration forms. So, if one individual has a form, his friends or neighbours may use the photocopied form.The officials also issued a couple of clarifications that were creating confusion among applicants. \"There is no separate registration for availing the unemployment allowance. Only general registration data may be used for this purpose, once the announcement takes the shape of a scheme after the government is formed. Then, there is no last date for applying with the office. So applicants can apply whenever they get time. Also, the forms are easily available. There is nothing like first come first serve,\" Pundir told reporters.The officials in Lucknow were mulling over opening of the online route for registration. But, that could not take off following some technical difficulty. \"Our team is in touch with engineers at the National Informatics Centre and we hope to start it soon,\" said an officer. Meanwhile, candidates can download and print a copy of the registration from the website of the employment office. Those managing crowd urged the female applicants not to bring their children with them. \"In this way, they are risking the life of their child. In fact all through the day, several lost and found cases were reported,\" said a security officer.Incidentally, only a handful of applicants are aware of the promise made by SP in its poll manifesto. Point number 2 of section 'Yuva Bhavishya ki Asha' (page 16) of the document says that upper limit for applying for a job would be raised to 35 years. Alongside, youths who fail to get a job till the age of 35 years will be given Rs 12,000 as an annual unemployment allowance. When some applicants were told about the provision, they said, \"It doesn't take money or much time to apply here. What is the harm in taking a chance?\"Those living in the area had to bear the brunt of the chaos. \"It is difficult to enter my house,\" said an elderly woman who resides just opposite the employment office. Students of a government school opposite the employment office had to wade their way to the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12241843", "title": "Akhilesh may retain party\u2019s UP chief post", "text": "LUCKNOW: Akhilesh Yadav may have become UP's youngest chief minister at the age of 38, yet his elevation has raised a significant question for his party and partymen. Who would head the party in the state? However, if senior leaders are to be believed, then the party in principle has decided that Akhilesh will continue to hold the post. SP spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary confirmed that Akhilesh will not vacate the post despite being the chief minister.Party sources said that the move would have dual impact. First, the 38-year-old will continue to be the party's mascot who could woo the young voters which may add up immensely by the time of Lok Sabha elections. Secondly, Akhilesh will remain in direct touch with party functionaries in different districts, as he has been doing throughout the campaign for UP assembly elections.According to senior party functionaries, the party is likely to add around 10-15% voters in the next two years. \"It was tapping the young voters that helped the party to get the magnificent 224 figure in the just concluded assembly polls,\" said a senior party functionary requesting anonymity. \"And this is the chunk of voters which the party wants to groom and harvest in the next two years,\" he said. The move also brings the young SP leader in direct touch with the party functionaries at the district and booth levels. He being the chief minister will also help prioritising policies according to the inputs provided by the functionaries.A party leader pointed out that nearly 90% of the candidates hand-picked by Akhilesh were elected. In fact, he changed nearly 70% of the candidates who were given the ticket earlier by the party. \"Certainly, he is going to play the same role in the next Lok Sabha elections,\" the party leader said.Sources said that initially the party was thinking of giving the post to some other person. For this, names of heavy weights like Shivpal Singh Yadav and Dharmendra Yadav were considered. While Shivpal needs no introduction, Dharmendra nomination could have been significant. Current Budaun MP, Dharmendra is the nephew of Mulayam Singh Yadav. Born in 1979, he is also one of the youngest MP in Lok Sabha. In 2009 parliamentary elections, he defeated the mafia-turned politician DP Yadav (RPD) and Salim Sherwani (Congress) by margin of over 34,000 votes.The question of retaining Kannauj Lok Sabha seat also gains importance now, as Akhilesh is the MP. Akhilesh will vacate the seat before taking the oath of UP chief minister on March 15. The party is treading cautiously on this front, while deciding as to who will contest this seat in the by-polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12246826", "title": "Indian receives World Trophy at 5th World Conference on Women and Sport", "text": "The 5th World Conference on Women and Sports was recently held in Los Angeles from February 16 to 18, for the first time in United States. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) honoured five women and one organization for their outstanding contributions to the development of women's participation in sport and sports administration during a ceremony on the opening evening of the conference. The trophies were awarded to one global and five continental winners selected by the IOC Women and Sport Commission from a pool of 52 nominees. The applicants were submitted by National Olympic Committees (NOCs), Continental Associations and International Federations.India's Manisha Malhotra was presented with the World Trophy for her commitment to helping disadvantaged girls progress through sport. Following a professional tennis career that saw her compete in the2000 Olympic Games, Malhotra started offering women support in a range of sports, including archery,wrestling, boxing, badminton , athletics, squash and shooting. She travels all over India - visiting some of the country's most remote areas - to find talented individuals among the socio-economically deprived.As chair of the sports committee of the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India, Malhotra has also worked tirelessly to promote female leaders in all aspects of sport in the economic sector.\"As a former Olympian, Ms. Malhotra knows how important a tool sport can be in the lives of young women,\" said IOC President Jacques Rogge , who was on hand to present the trophy to Malhotra. \"Ms Malhotra has been, and continues to be, an inspiration to everyone she meets. I applaud her and all of tonight's winners for everything they have done to help improve the lives of women around the world.\"The five continental trophies were awarded as follows:- IOC Trophy for Africa: Peninnah Aligawesa Kabenge ( Uganda ) - IOC Trophy for the Americas: the Bradesco Sports and Education Progamme and Centre (Brazil) - IOC Trophy for Asia: Zaiton Othman ( Malaysia ) - IOC Trophy for Europe: Aikaterini Nafplioti-Panagopoulos ( Greece ) - IOC Trophy for Oceania: Roseline Blake ( Cook Islands )The 5th World Conference on Women and Sport was jointly organised by the IOC, United States Olympic Committee and the Southern California Committee for the Olympic Games.*Ms. Kumu Gupta is an Advocate of the President's Challenge Program of the President's Council on Fitness, Sports &amp; Nutrition (White House) and was registered to attend the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12242069", "title": "Couple commit suicide", "text": "DHANBAD: A young couple committed sucide at Birajpur in Barawadda. Police found the bodies of Yadu Das (28) and Pinky Das (25) hanging with a saree from the ceiling fan at their residence.Das's two children Rohit (6) and Khusbu (4) told police that the couple had quarelled on Sunday night before taking the extreme step. Financial crisis in the family is believed to be the reason behind the suicide, police said. Das was a truck driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12242391", "title": "Buses charge extra after diversions", "text": "CHENNAI: Bus passengers are not only taking more time to reach their destinations after traffic diversions were introduced on Anna Salai, but are also paying more for the ride. With more stages on bus routes passing between Parrys' Corner and Guindy after police enforced the diversions due to metro rail work in the area, ticket prices have become costlier for Metropolitan Transport Corporation's customers.Metro rail work has taken up road space on one side of Anna Salai and the stretch from Whites Road junction to GP Road has been made oneway. As a result, vehicles coming from Parrys' Corner to Guindy have been diverted and are using a longer route through parallel roads like General Patters Road, Smith Road and Pattulos Road. This forced MTC to increase the number of stages.Ticket fares have increased by 1 on ordinary buses, by 2 on express vehicles and deluxe buses, and 5 on AC Volvo buses.\"I travel from Aynavaram to Nandanam on route 23C. The usual ticket cost on a deluxe bus is 13. But with the diversions, the ticket costs 15,\" said Daniel, a commuter. When TOI contacted MTC officials last Saturday, when the diversions came into effect , they denied that there would be the increase in fares. On Monday, however, they said that they had no option because of the increase in the number of stages. \"Fares went up on routes where there are more stages,\" a top MTC official said.The move has however not gone well with commuters. \"The fare hike last November was bad enough,\" said G Ramesh, who travels from Pulianthope to Royapettah every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12241802", "title": "Common Management Aptitude Test results declared", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The results of Common Management Aptitude Test (CMAT) were declared on Monday. Close to 3,000 students from Gujarat took this test, which is mandatory for admissions to management colleges. Across India, nearly 50,000 students took CMAT, which was held from February 20 to February 29.Students will be able to see their scorecard on the AICTE website from March 16 to April 15.The student who has topped CMAT, scored 327 out of 400, official sources said. There are 39 students who scored a zero, while 126 have got negative marking.Admissions to management colleges in Gujarat will not be given on the basis of CMAT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "sankarankoil", "code": "12241630", "title": "AIADMK ministers go all out in Sankaranko?il campaign", "text": "SANKARANKOIL: AIADMK ministers camping in Sankarankoil seem to be mastering the art of multi-tasking in the run up to the byelection on March 18.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa's cabinet colleagues deputed to campaign for the party candidate S Muthuselvi, are juggling between the task of canvassing votes in the nook and corner of the backward assembly segment in Tirunelveli district and their ministerial work in Sankarankoil.\"We have focused our energy on winning the election. But we cannot neglect certain departmental works,'' said a minister from southern Tamil Nadu , who had been in Sankarankoil for the past fortnight. The ministers have made it a point to talk to their secretaries every day after the campaign ends and issue instructions to them.Thirty-two ministers including party seniors O Panneerselvam, Sengottayan and Natham Viswanathan have been camping in Sankarankoil for the past several days, touring villages. The ministers have been given a dossier of a meticulously planned campaign schedule with details of villages and wards they have to visit every day, the caste-wise population in those areas and the names of local functionaries who will accompany and brief them about the local issues. Invariably, ministers are sent to villages where voters from their community are present in large numbers. If any region has two or three castes, ministers from the respective communities schedule visits on subsequent days to the same place.Chief minister Jayalalithaa deputed 32 ministers to Sankarankoil, as against just about 10 ministers who were assigned election duty during the recently concluded Trichy West byelection. Initially just 23 ministers, including Panneerselvam were picked by Jayalalithaa, but later more of her ministerial colleagues were sent, apparently after the AIADMK realised that gaining a victory would not be a cakewalk.The ministers commence their village trips as early as 7 am and have to visit each and every house in the area they are scheduled to cover that day. After winding up by afternoon, they resume the campaign from 4 pm and visit villages till 10 pm.One of the major questions confronting the ministers is the issue of erratic power cuts. \"Everything is being sorted out by Amma. You will get uninterrupted power in two months,'' is the standard reply, though not many villagers appear convinced. Besides village visits, the ministers also make it a point to meet opinion leaders like the powerloom owners association, farmers' association functionaries and key persons in all the castes.In addition, seniors like Panneerselvam and Sengottayan are also supervising preparatory works for the visit of the chief minister. Jayalalithaa is scheduled to visit Sankarankoil on March 14 and is likely to travel around the constituency and address the public in 10 villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245699", "title": "Irrfan impresses Hollywood directors", "text": "While his Paan Singh Tomar is still running to packed houses and winning critical acclaim in India, it looks like Irrfan Khan is also making his presence felt in the international circuit.The actor is currently part of some of the much-expected Hollywood films directed by celebrated filmmakers like Ang Lee and Marc Webb. He is playing crucial supporting roles in Webb's Spider-man reboot The Amazing Spider-man (as Dr Ratha, a secondary villain), he will be seen as Pi's father in Ang Lee's screen adaptation of the Booker Prize winning The Life Of Pi. He has also come in for praise for his role on the US TV show In Treatment.\"Irrfan's importance in Hollywood is an interesting thing. A lot of directors are really starting to take notice of him and are looking for roles for Irrfan because he's got such a wonderful reputation. There's a show he did here (in the US) called In Treatment and you really got to see his wonderful abilities. Whether its Danny Boyle or Ang Lee, really very strong directors are starting to take notice of this star, who comes from a land that some view as exotic and far away from us. But you realize with actors like Irrfan, how close they really are,\" gushes Marc Webb.Well, here's wishing Irrfan, a phenomenal actor, even more acclaim on a global scale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241430", "title": "Vacancies hit food safety panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delay in setting up the full panel of the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) has led to a pile up of decisions on setting safety standards and guidelines for several food items, sources said.Appointments in the FSSAI have taken months to come through. For instance, the post of chairman remained vacant for a significant period after P I Suvrathan retired in September last year after a three month extension. The chairman's post was vacant for a significant period and in January this year former health secretary K Chandramouli took over.But now another vacancy has come up with the chief executive officer (CEO) V N Gaur's retirement. Gaur has retired in end February and has already handed over charge. This vacancy is expected to further delay the setting up of the full authority, sources said.The entire panel which approves safety guidelines comprises 23 members including the chairman. There are members drawn from various ministries and 10 members are nominated from civil society, states and eminent citizens. \"Some of the members have not been nominated yet. So from September there has been a delay,\" sources said.\"Guidelines for caffeinated drinks, draft standards for artificial, sweetners and trans-fats among other decisions have been held due to the delay in nominating the members to the authority. Once the authority is setup it can take decisions which are then passed on to the government for final approval and notification,\" the sources said.The FSSAI has been created for laying down science based standards for articles of food and to regulate their manufacture, storage, distribution, sale and import to ensure availability of safe and wholesome food for human consumption, according to its website.The ministry of health and family welfare is the administrative ministry for the implementation of FSSAI. The FSSAI has been mandated by the FSS (Food Safety and Standard) Act, 2006 for framing of regulations to lay down the standards and guidelines in relation to articles of food and specifying appropriate system of enforcing various standards, the website says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12242344", "title": "Held since I didn't pay Rs 1cr bribe: Jain", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena legislator Sureshdada Jain told a court on Sunday that he was arrested by the Jalgaon police in connection with a housing scam since he did not pay a bribe of Rs 1 crore to the investigating officers. Jain was taken into custody late Saturday night in Dharangaon, a city on the periphery of Jalgaon. He has been accused of gaining monetarily in a suspect housing project that was cleared by the Jalgaon Municipal Corporation (JMC) about 15 years ago but is yet to be completed.\"The FIR (in the case) was lodged by the then JMC chief officer on February 3, 2006. My name does not figure in the FIR. Despite this, I have been arrested. My charge is that since I did not pay a bribe of Rs 1 crore to the investigating officials, I was arrested,\" Jain told the court.Additional superintendent of police Ishu Sandhu, who led the team that arrested Jain, denied the legislator's charge. He said that Jain was arrested after a through investigation. \"We decided to arrest him after it was confirmed through documents that Jain was a part of the criminal conspiracy. Our case is very strong and we will produce more evidence,\" Sandhu told TOI.According to official records,the JMC floated a tender for the construction of 11,000 houses in 1997. The contract went to one Khandesh Builders, which was allegedly a front company of Jain. Officials allege that the Rs 30 crore paid to Khandesh for the project ended in accounts held or controlled by Jain. Of the planned 11,000 houses, only 1,000 were completed.Leader of opposition in the assembly Eknath Khadse has urged the government to set up a special investigation team to probe four major contracts awarded by the JMC. \"We feel that an SIT should be instituted to investigate contracts worth Rs 500 crore awarded by the JMC. There is a scam of Rs 100 crore there,\" Khadse said. An aide of Jain on Monday denied the charge that the JMC unfairly awarded the 1997 contract to Khandesh though the sites were either not in the civic body's possession or were reserved. \"The land was not in the JMC's possession initially, but it was acquired later. No rules were flouted,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "12241519", "title": "Rape, murder rock village in Kishanganj dist", "text": "ARARIA: In a major crackdown, police destroyed and razed to the ground blossoming illegal poppy plants grown on over two acres of land at two different places close to the Bihar-Nepal border in ARARIA district on Monday.A police team headed by Araria SP destroyed poppy plants at Saraiya village under the Bargachhi police station and Kanail village under the Madanpur police station in the district following a tip-off. The poppy fields were spread over two acres of land, police said. Finding the police squads on their trail, field owners Suraj Mandal at Saraiya and Mohammad Nayeemuddin at Kanail fled, police said.Araria SP Shivdeep Waman Lande said the proximity of the poppy fields to the Bihar-Nepal border was an indicator that the opium growers were hand-in-glove with the narcotic traffickers from Nepal .The poppy flowers, which could ultimately be harnessed into heroin, could fetch them crores of rupees, Lande said.Growing poppy, though highly illegal and a serious economic offence, is not new to this border area. Earlier, it was prevalent in areas under Bhargama, Sikti, Malgaon and Araria blocks of Araria district. The areas which came under the police scanner lately in Saraiya and Kanail under Bargachhi and Madanpur police stations were relatively new, the SP said. The poppy growers would be prosecuted under the NDPS Act, the SP said. He said the court's orders were taken for the destruction of the poppyplants after the raids.In the recent past, poppy fields in seemingly inaccessible and remote areas of Kishanganj and Purnia districts were also destroyed by police. However, such drastic steps have scarcely deterred the unscrupulous elements from growing poppy clandestinely, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12240979", "title": "Bound to the Land", "text": "Panchanama Ona-Maulinguem-Curchirem-BicholimMaulinguem, a village spread across 735.30 ha, is home to about 1,000 residents who, 50 years after Goa's liberation from Portuguese rule, are still bound by feudalism. The erstwhile rulers had deemed that together with Ona and Curchirem, Maulinguem would serve as revenue lands to the Rane clan. This Mokasdari system exists to date in Maulinguem, while for Ona (189.70 ha) and Curchirem (770.17 ha) the land owner is now the government of Goa.Maulinguem's land was owned, till his death very recently, by Baba Rane. The absence of a successor is an added worry for locals who in the absence of ownership rights are unable to avail government schemes, mortgages or even permission to construct their homes.Interestingly, despite the Rane clan producing two astute politicians-Poriem MLA Pratapsingh Rane, a former assembly speaker and a five-time chief minister and his son, Valpoi MLA Vishwajit Rane, a former health minister-efforts to improve the lives of Maulinguem's residents began just two years ago.\"The residents are mostly illiterate and are very poor and efforts have been made to keep them that way,\" says Sunil Mhavalingkar, a resident of Harijanwada-Maulinguem. He adds that though the late Hindi film musician Dattaram Wadkar was from Naikwada-Maulinguem, youngsters with talent in the village get no chance to develop their skills.Unable to own land, the locals, mostly of the warrior clan of Nave Marathe, do not carry out agriculture or horticulture and large tracts of Maulinguem are jungle. Livelihood is often by way of daily-wage work or labour in laterite brick mines. Their lives are not unlike that of the poor dhangars (tribes) who reside at Kangaliniche Mol.\"Our children have to walk 3km through jungles to the nearest primary and high schools. We walk with milk-laden pots on our heads for 4km to get to the nearest town. Our children have no jobs and though we now know that there are schemes for us, none have reached us,\" says 72-year-old Bhago Varak, a dhangar leader and former panch.Mhavalingkar adds, \"There are around 30 dalit families residing in the hamlet who struggle for even basic amenities. There is no sound source of livelihood. The dropout rate among our youth is very high. No one has paid any heed to our woes.\"Shiva Shripad Gaonkar, sarpanch of Ona-Maulinguem-Curchirem village panchayat says, \"We are victims of the Mokasdari system. Land ownership has prevented our villagers from availing benefits of government schemes.\" He adds that since he took over three years ago works under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee scheme have been given priority in an effort to give the locals some source of income.Newly re-elected Mayem BJP MLA Anant Shet says, \"I am aware of the problems faced by the village panchayat. I will try my best to resolve them with the help of our leader and chief minister Manohar Parrikar.\"--Problems ProblemsEdu ailmentsThe two-decade-old Rauji Rane Memorial High School today functions from the Government Primary School, Maulinguem, and has only four rooms with no basic facilities, while the Government High School Curchirem lacks appropriate teaching faculty as well as basic infrastructure.Dangerous lines\"The village has high-tension wires running through settlement areas. Three years ago Sharda Shashikant Gaonkar was electrocuted. No proper steps are taken to provide safety to locals,\" says panchayat member Rajendra Usapkar. He adds that Barajanachi Rai, a sacred grove at Curchirem, also faces problems due to Gas Authority of India work.Woes galoreIn the absence of toilets, locals of Maulinguem and Curchirem defecate in the open. Maulinguem has a sub-health center with a lone nurse available only part-time, while BSNL's telephone connectivity is missing in Curchirem, say residents.People's TakeOur children have to walk 3km through the jungle to get to the primary and high schools. We walk 4km to town with our milk-laden pots. We have no jobs and no schemes have reached us- Bhago Varak, former panchThere are around 30 dalit families who call Harijanwada home and who are struggling for basic amenities. The dropout rate among our youngsters is high and we have no source of livelihood. No one has paid any heed to our woes- Sunil Mhaulingkar, resident of Harijanwada in MaulinguemTop ViewLand ownership has prevented our villagers from availing the benefits of government schemes- Shiva Shripad Gaonkar, sarpanchI am aware of the problems faced by the village panchayat. I will try my best to resolve them with the help of our leader and chief minister Manohar Parrikar- Anant Shet, MLA", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241719", "title": "Govt reaches out to BJP, seeks cooperation on important bills", "text": "NEW DELHI: Approached by the government over certain bills, BJP told the ruling coalition managers that while cooperation was possible, Congress needed to first ensure that its allies were on board over legislations like the bill on pension reform.At a meeting on Monday, BJP brass told finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal that substantial issues could be discussed ahead of the post-recess Budget session. BJP has no intention of disrupting Parliament.The meeting came about after Mukherjee interacted with BJP leaders L K Advani , Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley last week over financial bills where it was felt the presence of former finance minister Yashwant Sinha was also needed as some bills were before the standing committee headed by him.The government's outreach is part of its effort to ensure Parliament functions smoothly and it has BJP's support over key bills like Pension Funds Regulatory and Development Authority and banking reform. These are areas that BJP has agreed to support in the past but the government is also aware that the main opposition is not averse to teaming up with regional players.The government, which is scrambling for numbers in Rajya Sabha, is learnt to have requested the BJP leaders to support it in the passage of important legislations and financial business.The controversial Lokpal bill, pending in Rajya Sabha, is expected to create a lot of ruckus, as it did in the winter session. Jaitley on Monday said BJP would demand that the bill be taken up first thing on Tuesday when the House starts functioning.Mukherjee and Bansal told BJP leaders that due to the rail and general budgets, government would not be in a position to bring other important legislations during the pre-recess period of the session.The government sought the main opposition party's support in smooth passage of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (Amendment) Bill, 2011, which has a deadline of March 31 after India signed an international treaty.Another bill which has international ramifications is the Prevention of Money Laundering (Amendment) Bill, 2011, which is also required to be passed soon in view of India being a signatory to international treaties. This bill is pending with the standing committee on finance, which is headed by Yashwant Sinha. This bill has to be ready before June.Another bill pending with the standing committee on home affairs is the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, which also the government wants to be dealt with as soon as possible.Sources said Mukherjee reached out to the main opposition to discuss contentious issues like Goods and Services Tax, Direct Tax Code and other matters on which the treasury and the opposition do not see eye to eye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12241584", "title": "Greenland ice most vulnerable to global warming, says study", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Greenland ice sheet appears more vulnerable to global warming than previously thought, as a small increase in temperature could melt it completely and lead to a catastrophic sea-level rise, claims a new study.The ice sheet may lose its ability to grow once global warming reaches 1.6 degrees above the pre-industrial levels , said the study published in Nature Climate Change.Earlier research put that threshold a little higher, with a best estimate of 3.1 degrees . To put these numbers in perspective, climate scientists said the Earth's surface has already warmed by more than 0.7 degrees since the Industrial Revolution, when humans began pumping out large amounts of greenhouse gases.According to researchers , the Greenland ice sheet matters because the ice it contains would substantially raise sea levels if it melted, LiveScience reported.Antarctica, too, is covered in ice and could also become a major source of sealevel rise. Warming is also expected to melt other pockets of ice around the world and to raise sea levels, the experts warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245437", "title": "Cast and crew at Sooper se Ooper's mahuratshot", "text": "The mahuratshot of Vir Das starrer \" Sooper se Ooper\" took place at a suburban studio in Mumbai. While the cast and the crew performed a small pooja on the sets, the camera rolling session was held to mark the start of the project.Those present on the occasion were director Shekhar Ghosh, Vir Das, Kirti Kulhari, Veejay Yudhiishtir. Also, the event had Sonu Nigam , who has been roped in for the music of the movie. On the first say itself standup comic and the lead actor Vir Das entertained the crew members with his extreme wit and instant jokes. Das looked excited, as he's lot of hopes with the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244959", "title": "Death-defying stunts, Ajith style!", "text": "The actor is said to have excelled in the action scenes in his upcoming Billa 2.The buzz around Billa 2 is growing stronger and while the release date may have been pushed, the expectations are high from fans. According to an industry source, some of the scenes to look out for are the action sequences in the flick.Apparently, Thala Ajith has performed some death-defying stunts in scenes involving helicopters, trains and of course, plenty of gunfire. The action sequences in this Chakri Toleti-directed flick have been put together by a German-based company that has won numerous global awards and it is said that these will be a first in Tamil cinema.Speaking to CT, producer Sunir Kheterpal says that the action sequences will be mind-blowing but refuses to divulge more. As for the character that Thala is playing, there are rumours that he is a Sri Lankan refugee or a Tamilian in Sri Lanka.Ask Sunir about this and he says, \"There's too much speculation. We would prefer not to comment on this.\" Sources tell us that in Billa 2, Ajith plays David and the film is a journey over a five-year time period of his life. Apparently, Thala has lost weight for the earlier part of his life and is shown to age gracefully over the five-year period like a regular person.NGO PLANS? Meanwhile, there are rumours rife that Thala Ajith, who had disbanded his fan clubs a while back, would be starting an NGO. When CT contacted his spokespeople to confirm the same, they denied any such plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12242088", "title": "Trees make way to lay railway tracks", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The forest department has received a complaint of felling of over 1,000 trees allegedly by contractors for filling of earth at the proposed railway site between Badki Champi and Namdug stations.Contractors have allegedly chopped over 1,000 trees for soil filling work at the proposed rail line site between Badaki Champi stations to Namudag after cutting soil from the nearby reserved forests.The ongoing project of South Eastern Railway comprises laying of new line from Lohardaga to Tori, a distance of 45 km. A few months ago, the Lohardaga-Ranchi line was made functional after the work was completed up to Badaki Champi station (14 km from Lohardaga station). The work is on for the railway line to reach Tori. Soil filling work and construction of bridges in the Maoist-hit areas of Lohardaga-Latehar border in underway. In his recent visit, the SER officials said the project of 2004-2007 was being delayed several times because of Maoist interference. The project now aims to be completed next year.Despite all the Maoist activities, the contractors have allegedly dared to enter the reserve forest area connected to the proposed rail route and dig out huge amount of soil from about 100 acres of the forest felling of over 1,000 trees and damaging the forest that is connected to Betla National Park.Divisional forest officer (DFO) A K Singh said, \"I have received complaints in this connection following which an order to set up an inquiry into the matter has been issued to Kuru range officer of the department. The Kuru range officer has been asked to look into the matter and report soon.\"He, however, said there was no loss to the forest but he had asked him to submit report so that he could later inquire to fix accountability.The illegal operation has made many big pits of 20 to 25 feet in the forest area. The area is also valuable as the government has recently sanctioned a plan to develop Mahadeo Manda (a place of religious value with a temple of Shiva) where copper deity of goddess Kali was found as a tourist place.\"Environment has suffered heavily due to the proposed rail route. But the contractor or timber mafia have doubled the loss by cutting soil from the nearby forest and felling so many trees,\" said a panchayat member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245110", "title": "'We need to introduce the youth to the world of ideas'", "text": "Shyam Sunder, professor of accounting, economics and finance at the Yale School of Management speaks to Shashank Venkat on his current research on the state of higher education in IndiaQ- Your current research is based on the state of higher education in India. What are the challenges for higher education in India?There is not enough talent going into higher education i.e into teaching and research. Top ranking students do not want to get into teaching and research. Education institutes in India are not centres of innovation; new ideas, theories, inventions. We are not at the frontier when it comes to invention. Our best brains get into selling soap. The second major issue is financing. No university in the world delivers quality education at a profit. To be a good university, you need to have quality people working for you and preparing PhD students to teach the next generation. On an average, 40-50 per cent of the expenses for American universities come from tuition fees. In India, 150-200 per cent of the expenses come from tuition fees. We are a country of 1.2 billion people. A lakh or two among them are bright. India has to worry about the other 25 lakh.Q- Which areas in higher education are in need for reform?Apart from the issue of talent and financing, there is also the question of the system of governance at universities. Research is about ideas. The usual measures of performance do not apply in the world of ideas. Rigid rules and regulations hinder performance. Politicians and civil servants have a stranglehold on education. They do not want you to have any room for judgment. There is also the issue of lack of good teachers. Additionally, there is a history of businesses supporting education in India. But businessmen, today, think that education is a great way to make money. We have to find solutions to these problems. We need to introduce the youth to the world of ideas.Q- Tell us about your current research in the field of accounting.My research is based on the value of finance to the society. The financial industry has made a lot of money all over the world. Has the industry really made money by adding wealth to the society or is it just transfer of wealth from some people to the finance industry? I want to separate these two things.Q- Could you elaborate on the Yale-India Higher Education Leadership forum?This programme was initiated last September where Yale and the HRD ministry got into an agreement to work with the leadership of the higher education in India. We get the vice-chancellors, registrars of the Indian universities to come down to the US for two weeks. They spend a week at Yale learning how it is works and discuss various aspects like fund raising, curriculum, admissions, teaching, faculty, faculty development, sports , administration, etc.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12242125", "title": "Confiscate temple loudspeakers: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Furious that despite its orders a temple in southeast Delhi failed to lower the decibel level of loudspeakers, the Delhi high court on Monday ordered seizure of the loudspeakers.Justice Vipin Sanghi ordered Delhi Police to immediately confiscate the loudspeakers blaring music after it realized that the temple management had not abided with its earlier instructions.HC was taking stock of how much of its directive to mosques and temples in Ekta Vihar and Sunder Nagri area to restrict noise levels were complied with. The petitioner in the case, Madhav Roy, through his counsel Jai Bansal placed photographic evidence before the bench to inform that the temple still kept the loudspeakers positioned much above the restricted height of eight feet from the ground. While the mosque accused of creating noise pollution obeyed HC directions, the petitioner told HC that the temple authorities were still to act.The court had earlier directed that all loudspeakers set up at rooftops should be lowered and turned inwards so that the noise level could be brought down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12247829", "title": "Chiranjeevi and Nagarjuna's Hindi debuts were Telugu remakes", "text": "Both Chiranjeevi and Nagarjuna are amongst the biggest superstars of Telugu cinema. Interestingly both tried their luck in Hindi cinema though their success in Bollywood was short-lived.Both debuted in Hindi films in the year 1990. And interestingly the debut films of both were remakes of successful Telugu films. Nagarjuna debuted in Hindi with 'Shiva' which was remake of the Telugu film 'Siva'. Both the films were directed by Ram Gopal Varma . Chiranjeevi debuted in Hindi with 'Pratibandh' which was remake of the Telugu film 'Ankusham'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12241166", "title": "Two more held for Burdwan murders", "text": "BURDWAN: Two more were arrested by the CID on Sunday for their involvement in the February 22 murder of senior CPM leaders Pradip Ta and Kamal Gayen. The duo - Naba Kumar Roy (42) and Montu Ghosh (40) - had been named by Pradip's brother Prabir in his FIR at the Burdwan police station. A district court has remanded the duo to four days in police custody. The accused have been brought to Bhawani Bhaban for further interrogation.The duo was held from the Burdwan railway station ticket counter when they were trying to board a train to flee to Malda. CID sources claimed they tracked down the duo from the call records of the quartet arrested earlier in the same case. Sources added the arrested duo confessed to their role in the gruesome daylight murder. Police believe the duo holds crucial clues on the whereabouts of other absconders and the murder weapons.Both Roy and Ghosh were produced before Burdwan chief judicial magistrate on Monday morning amid tight security. The CID informed the court that the duo had confessed to their role and a 10-day police custody was required to interrogate them. The court, however, remanded the duo to four days in police custody.The probe into the murder of the CPM leaders intensified after DIG (CID Operations) K Jayaraman visited Burdwan and went to Dewandighi. The CID team went to the spot where the murders took place and spoke to locals. They also raided various suspected hideouts in Dewandighi and Mirzapur. Jayaraman then met Burdwan district magistrate Onkar Singh Meena before heading to Kolkata.On February 22 itself, Burdwan sadar police station had arrested Surajit Ta (35), Patit Paban Ta (55), Choton Chakraborty (24) and Bhopal Goswami (38).Later, a Calcutta high court division bench handed over the case to CID on March 2 and directed it to submit its initial report by March 23.From March 3, a four-member CID team led by inspector (Homicide) Kalyan Bnadopadhyay arrived at Burdwan to start the probe afresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12239896", "title": "MBA student run over by van, dies in hosp", "text": "JAIPUR: A 25-year-old MBA student was run over by a van near Bandh Ki Ghati in Brahmapuri police station area on Monday morning.The youth was going to appear for his final year exam on his bike, which hit a divider. Following which his body was thrown onto the other side of the road and run over by a van. He died while undergoing treatment at a hospital.According to the police, the deceased, identified as Joyal Joseph Gardner, a resident of Radha Vihar Colony in New Sanganer Road area, was a student of the Amity University.\"He was on his way to appear in his final year examination when the mishap took place,\" said a police officer.He added that Gardner lost balance while going down the Bandh Ki Gathi and his bike hit the divider. \"The collision was so intense that he was thrown to the other side of the road. A Maruti van was approaching from the opposite direction,\" said the officer.The passers-by informed the police following which a team was rushed there. However, the van driver fled leaving the vehicle behind. \"The van has been seized and an FIR lodged. The postmortem of the body will be conducted on Tuesday,\" said the officer.Meanwhile, in another accident in Amber area, a 75-year-old man was killed while three others injured when the car they were travelling in was hit by a private bus.According to the police, the accident took place near Bakunda Junction around 11 am. The deceased has been identified as Lalluram, a resident of Station Road. \"He and three others were in the vehicle when a bus hit the middle of the car while taking a turn. Lalluram died on the spot while three others are undergoing treatment,\" said the officer.The bus driver fled the spot. \"A case of rash and negligent driving has been registered against him as it was found that the bus was overspeeding,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12242387", "title": "Cops crack whip on child trafficking", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Twelve-year-old Rajat (name changed) worked round the clock at a dhaba. The child neither got proper sleep nor was given enough food. Rajat, however, was lucky as his plight came in the notice of the Anti-Human Trafficking Unit (AHTU). The unit rescued the minor and took legal action against his captors.With the setting up of the Anti-Human Trafficking Unit (AHTU), the police have rescued 37 children in the district.The police are also trying to trace the parents/ guardians of rescued children and contacting NGOs/ Child Line which can better take care of these children.AHTU functions as a full-fledged police station and handles human trafficking, child labour, bonded labour, sex trade cases. AHTU was set up in the district in June 2011. It collects information to lodge FIRs, conducts raids, makes arrests and does investigations.DSP Colonelganj and AHTU incharge Praveen Singh Chauhan told TOI: \"Any complaint or information regarding human trafficking can be given to the unit located at the Reserve Police Line or on the number 9454401277. He added that till now 37 children have been rescued.The other districts where AHTU has been set up are Agra, Allahabad, Meerut, Bareilly, Basti, Ghaziabad, Gautam Budh Nagar, Moradabad, Varanasi, Maharajganj and Jhansi.Officers said 12 districts in UP have been selected for Anti-Human Trafficking Unit as a pilot project. If successful, it would be set up in all 73 districts.As per guidelines of the home ministry, a missing child is defined as a person below 18 years whose whereabouts are not acknowledged to the parents, legal guardians or any other person who may be legally entrusted with the custody of knowing the whereabouts/well being of the child whatever may be the circumstances/causes of disappearance. The child will be considered missing and in need of care and protection, until located and/or his/her safety/well being is established.The law enforcement agencies may involve representatives of Panchayati Raj Institutions and the community at large as this will enable the community to get fully involved along with the administration/police in identification, tracing &amp; recovery of missing and trafficked children and arrest of accused persons.There should be community awareness programmes on the issue of missing children and its links with human trafficking may be undertaken by the district administration.All police officers, especially the team of officers handling investigation into similar cases, need to be trained and sensitised on an ongoing basis to the issues concerned.The issues of missing children, human trafficking along with Juvenile Justice Act may be made part of syllabus in the state police training colleges to sensitize the police force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12239797", "title": "Underpaid vets threaten mass leave", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Students of Odisha College of Veterinary Sciences and Animal Husbandry have threatened to take out a mass rally on March 14 and proceed on mass leave from March 28. They are upset for being offered a contractual job for a meagre Rs 9,300 monthly salary at the end of their five-year course. They were selected for the job through a state-level entrance test and career evaluation.\"Even a peon joining the government service is better paid. Though the bachelor of veterinary science course is at par with MBBS in many ways, an MBBS doctor starts the job with around Rs 30,000 per month,\" said Orissa Veterinary Association vice-president Dr Ananda Sagar Dash here on Monday.While the government is offering the veterinarians contractual jobs, the MBBS doctors are being recruited on an ad hoc basis, Dash said. The jobs of MBBS doctors become permanent with time. As a result, many veterinary graduates are joining banks and other sectors that are offering better salary. \"There were 129 applicants for 100 contractual posts advertised recently. Only 53 appeared for the interview all of who were selected. However, only 37 of them joined,\" said a senior veterinary department officer. Even for these 37, it is a stop-gap arrangement till they find jobs in other sectors, he added.Every year 80 students pass out from the Odisha College of Veterinary Sciences and Animal Husbandry, the only veterinary college in the state. Around 250 out of the over 1,000 posts of veterinary surgeons are vacant. The veterinary doctors are wearing black badges demanding ad hoc and regular postings and according junior Class I status on them from March 7.Authorities said the government is looking into their demands sympathetically. \"The ad hoc posting demand is under process. The government is considering all their demands sympathetically and to make the veterinarians' jobs more attractive in view of the growing importance of animal welfare programmes,\" said Benudhar Dash, director of state animal husbandry and veterinary services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12239807", "title": "Huge demand for land allotments", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is not just government agencies seeking land in surrounding Ranga Reddy (RR) district, even housing societies and associations are also queuing up for allotment of land.The district administration is under pressure from societies and employee associations to allot land in mandals like Serilingampally (Gachibowli), Balanagar (Nizampet and Kukatpally) and Rajendranagar (Manikonda, Kokapet and Budwel).For instance, AP Non-Gazetted Officers of Secretariat Association and AP High Court Employees' Association sought land in Kancha Gachibowli, while Telangana Non-Gazetted Officers want land in Serilingampally mandal. Similarly, Retired Government Employees' Association also requested that they be given land, but their pleas are still under consideration.Official sources said over 300 applications were received from various housing societies and associations for allotment of land in the past five years. While only 10% of them are housing societies of government departments, the rest are associated with semi-government bodies and private housing societies.If requests of all housing societies are considered, the district administration has to provide about 3,000 acres. Also, 90% of the associations are seeking land in surrounding areas, preferably Greater Hyderabad limits, and there are no huge parcels of government land in the vicinity.Land available in large chunks is either in the possession of the AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) at places like Shamshabad, Gachibowli and Ibrahimpatnam or the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) in Jawaharnagar or AP Housing Board. The land was transferred to these agencies by the RR district administration in the past few years. Some parcels of land were auctioned by APHB and HMDA.If a housing society applies for allotment of land, the collector asks tahsildar of the respective mandal to send a report whether land is available or not. Then, the basic government rate and prevailing market value of the land would also be sent in the report. This proposal would be placed before an empowered committee of Chief Commissioner of Land Administration (CCLA), which would decide on land allotment and also fix up the land rate.\"Though we receive applications for alienation of land regularly, as of now only requests of housing associations of government departments or those bodies directed by the government are being considered by the district administration,\" RR district law officer D Venugopal Rao told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244972", "title": "Sonu sings for Yuvan", "text": "The Bollywood singer has teamed up with the composer for the first time in Vasanth's next.It has been quite a while since Sonu Niigaam lent his voice for a Tamil song (his last Tamil song was Aaruyire... in Madrassapattinam), but now, fans of the popular singer have reason to cherish. The prolific Bollywood singer has sung a melody for Yuvan Shankar Raja in director Vasanth's forthcoming film Moondru Paer Moondru Kadhal (MPMK).Talking about the song, Vasanth says, \"We were particular about having Sonu for Mazhai Mazhai Mazhaiyo Mazhai..., written by Na Muthukumar, and we went to Mumbai to record the song with the singer.\"The director seems to be impressed with the manner in which the singer recorded the song. \"I was surprised that he could deliver what we wanted after we had explained to him just once. That is why we could complete the recording in just a couple of hours.Even though he is not Tamilian, he was very good when it came to pronunciation. He asked me for the right way to pronounce certain words and pulled it off well during the take,\" says Vasanth. MPMK is a romance drama that involves three pairs of lovers and stars Arjun, Cheran, Vimal and Banu in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12241712", "title": "Officials juggle between life and death", "text": "TRICHY: Rural development officer Jayaseeli, who is administering the three taluks of Musiri, Thuraipakkam and Thottiyam, the hot beds of sand mafia TOI on Monday night said, \"Gone are the days when I used to raid the interiors of the illegal sand mining activities in the company of just my driver, but now I am taking enough precautions before embarking on a preventive mission.\"It was in her jurisdiction at Thuraiyur that revenue inspector (RI) P Ramu was mowed down last July by a speeding lorry, laden with unauthorized load of sand. Ramu, however, survived the attack and was hospitalized for two weeks.Speaking to TOI Ramu said that this incident did not change his attitude to work. \"Once we have come to work for the government, we should not mind these skirmishes which could be termed as occupational hazards, but then I was a bit shaken then because I had just been promoted to the post of RI from junior assistant,\" he says. Ramu's private complaint against the sand mafia is pending before the judicial magistrate court in Thuraiyur.Jayaseeli termed the fight against the sand mafia as eternal and highly formidable. \"Not that I have give up, but now I have to take necessary police protection before I embark on a raid,\" the 28-year-old Jayaseeli said. It is indeed a losing battle unless the government steps in with some viable alternative to contain the menace, she opined.It posed a greater danger when the mafia sometimes abandons the loaded vehicles and runs away. \"We have to find drivers to take the unauthorized vehicles back to the jurisdictional police and sometimes one has to be brave the danger and the weather until we find a way,\" she says.Her deputy, tashildar of Thuraiyur, Khader Mohideen said that he too escaped from the clutches of death in February, when a tipper driver who on the pretext of taking his vehicle to the police station tried to run over him. The incident took place at Sikkanthampur near Thuraiyur. Mohideen tried the snatch the keys of the illegal the sand loading vehicle, but the driver thwarted the act. The driver, who is yet to be identified had allegedly told Mohideen as a law abiding citizen he would drive the vehicle himself to the police station, but all of sudden he drove away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245234", "title": "Strong ties", "text": "To emphasise the academic and scientific exchange between India and Germany, The German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD) has started its new office in Bangalore. This is DAAD's fifth office in India located within the new premises of the Consulate General of the Federal Republic of Germany in the Cash Pharmacy Building on Residency Road.According to Christiane Schlottmann, director, DAAD regional office South Asia , Germany with its universities and research institutes offers opportunities in particular to postgraduate students from India. Opening the DAAD office in Bangalore will further contribute to spread information on opportunities to study in Germany and to intensify cooperation among the academic and scientific institutions in Karnataka, Kerala and Germany.Hans-Gunter Loffler, deputy consul general of Germany, Bangalore says, \"The German government bears almost all costs for education of German and foreign students alike. There are no or low tuition fees and many scholarships.\"Recent TrendsGermany has increased the number of scholarships for Indian students by 81% in the last couple of years, and the move has had an immediate effect. The number of new Indian students enrolled in German universities has shot up by 43% since 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12241520", "title": "Mamata Banerjee memoirs detail cop role in Nandigram", "text": "KOLKATA: While the CBI probe report on the March 14, 2007, firing in Nandigram - and the role of police officers in it - is yet to be made public, chief minister Mamata Banerjee has already detailed it in 34 pages of her recently published \"My Unforgettable Memories\".A division bench of Calcutta high court had on November 16, 2007, said the police firing in Nandigram was unjustified and unconstitutional. It had also directed the CBI to inquire into the incident. Challenging the high court order, the previous Left Front government had moved the Supreme Court, which later restrained the CBI from initiating criminal proceedings in any court against police officers involved in the firing. CBI had placed its report before the apex court on March 15, 2011. But on February 25, this year, the state has withdrawn the special leave petition challenging the high court order which had described the firing as \"unconstitutional\". So, now, CBI is free to initiate criminal proceedings against policemen (and others) in the matter.While little is known on CBI findings on the role of police officers, Mamata's no-holds-barred memoir leaves little to imagination and mentions the designation of these officers. \"March 4, Sunday. CPM leaders had a secret meeting with the police in room number 26 of the Kolaghat Power Station guest house. The subject of their discussion: Operation Nandigram. Present in the meeting was the state police IG (West) and DIG. Apart from police and administration, several rounds of meeting focused on how to save their backyard. They started collecting people around Nandigram. For instance, 200 people at Janani brick kiln, 300 at Tekhali camp, 150 at Kunjapur, 100 at Swadhin Pramanik's house in Sathkhand, 40 at Chunapiri market, 50 at Bakhatalla, and 50 at Malda, Kamrada, and Vidyapith. All of them were from Purulia, Bankura, and Jharkhand.\" Mamata first wrote this in \"Nandi Maa\", a 2010 publication, excerpts of which were republished in her latest memoirs.Mamata writes: \"Police sources later revealed that six teams had been formed to accomplish the task of occupying Nandigram.\" She writes that according to the police roster, Team 1 was in charge of the area between Bhangabera and Sonachura. Team 2 was in charge of the area between Nandigram and Mahespur. The officers leading this team were West Midnapore additional police superintendent (Operation); Bidhannagar additional police superintendent; Katoa, Kalyani SDPO; DSP traffic; Contai and Purulia court inspector; and another inspector from Birbhum. According to her, Team 3 was in charge of the area between Tekhali outpost and Adhikari Para. The officers leading this team were Tamluk and Howrah (rural) additional police superintendents; Purulia co-police superintendent; Gangarampur, Tamluk SDPO; highway inspector; Contai and Tamluk CI, and two DIOs.In the same chapter she mentions that the other teams too had chosen police officers trusted by the CPM regime. She then names them. \"Team 4 was in Tekhali with the DIG (Midnapore range) himself in-charge. With him were additional police superintendent Kharagpur; of Jadavpur, Bankura DSP and battalion co-director; Tamluk court inspector; and traffic inspector West Midnapore. Team 5 was stationed at the Nandigram police station. Its in-charge was the additional police superintendent (headquarters), IB DSP, CI (Manbazar), telecom, and another inspector. Team 6 was under the IG himself and included an additional police superintendent, Bolpur, Raghunathpur SDPO; and two inspectors each from Sonamukhi and Bankura.\"That's not all. She also mentions that a list of the mobile phone numbers of the top police officers had also been prepared. Apart from these top 55 police officers there were a team of junior police officers and other policemen, she writes. However, she hasn't mentioned any names.In another place, Mamata wrote that detectives (she didn't specify exactly which detectives) visited Nandigram and filed their field report to the government as early as January 4. \"In their report, they said the situation at Singur and the police excesses in the area was beginning to create unrest in Nandigram. Three reports had been submitted to Writers' in the beginning of January. The final report was submitted to Writers' Building in the second week of March. If the police forces enter Nandigram there will be a confrontation and it could lead to a big accident, said the report. Each of these reports went to the home secretary and DG. The chief minister too was briefed about them. But it was decided that police will take the CPM cadres along with it and forcibly enter Nandigram,\" she writes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12240253", "title": "Surrendered Maoist's mother presses for his release from jail", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Mother of surrendered hardcore Maoist Duna Keshav Rao, alias Azad, has threatened to sit on an indefinite hunger strike in front of Jharpada special jail here from Tuesday to press for the release of her son from the prison.Azad's mother Dunna Kamulamma, who had written a letter to senior state government officials on March 6, including the chief minister, demanding release of her son, came to Bhubaneswar to meet him on Monday. However, jail authorities did not permit her to meet Azad. \"We prevented her from meeting Azad due to security reasons,\" IG (prisons) Pranabindu Acharya told TOI. Jail authorities said they had allowed her to meet Azad many times in the past.\"The government should allow Azad to lead a normal life as he laid down arms last year under the surrender and rehabilitation policy for Maoists,\" Kamulamma said. But senior police officers said, \"It is not possible to drop the serious criminal charges against Azad.\"Among the most wanted by Odisha police, Azad, secretary of Basadhara Divisional Committee and prominent member of Odisha state committee of CPI (Maoist), had surrendered before Andhra Pradesh police on May 18, 2011. Odisha police took him into custody on June 1, 2011 for his alleged involvement in several crimes, including the killing of Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) exponent Swami Laxmanananda Saraswati, attack on Nayagarh armoury, etc.Meanwhile, the VHP has threatened to launch state-wide agitation if the state government shows leniency towards Azad and concedes to his mother's plea of releasing him on jail. Addressing media persons here on Monday, VHP's state president Durga Prasad Kar said Odisha government should not soften its stand against the \"history-sheeter\". \"We will hit the streets if the government concedes to the demand of Azad's mother. He is a hardcore Maoist, involved in countless murders and incidents of violence,\" Kar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12239975", "title": "Maderna and Mahipal may not get to vote for Rajya Sabha elections", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress legislators Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi might not be able to vote for the Rajya Sabha elections scheduled on March 30.Election commission of India's deputy election commissioner Vinod Zutshi on Monday said the legislators lodged in jail were not allowed the voting rights. On being asked if the legislators had the right to cast ballot votes, Zutshi said replied, \"I will have to check this.\"At the same time, legal and constitutional experts said Maderna and Bishnoi, who are currently lodged in the Jodhpur jail on charges of masterminding the conspiracy to kidnap and kill government nurse Bhanwari Devi , could get the right to vote if they are able to secure bails through the court and are able to attend the assembly proceedings wherein indirect voting for the three Rajya Sabha seats would be held.The two legislators, though have been suspended from the Congress's primary membership, their affiliation with the Congress legislative party is intact till date. Both can vote as Congress legislators if they are allowed to vote. Another legislator Hanuman Beniwal, however, will have to vote as independent member since the BJP has removed him its legislative party membership also on disciplinary grounds.Notifications for elections to three Rajya Sabha seats from Rajasthan, along with 55 other seats in rest of the country, were issued on Monday. On the first day of filing the nominations on Monday, no candidate filed a candidature. The last date for filing the nomination papers is March 19. Scrutiny will take place on March 20 and nominations can be withdrawn by March 22, said Krishna Murari Gupta, the election's returning officer in Rajasthan. \"Polling, if required, will take place on March 30,\" he said.The polling has been necessitated as Congress's Abhishek Manu Singhvi and Narendra Budania and BJP's Ram Das Agarwal would complete their terms as Rajya Sabha members from Rajasthan on April 4. Zutshi was in Jaipur to oversee the election preparedness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12242416", "title": "Fast-track courts for cheque cases", "text": "CHENNAI: Two fast-track courts have been opened at the chief metropolitan magistrate court campus in Egmore exclusively to try cases of cheque-bounce cases. P Kalaiyarasan, principal district and sessions judge, who opened both courts, said 66,000 chequebounce cases were pending in the city alone.The state government had sanctioned the opening of 28 new courts across the state. Of these, four were coming up in the city. While the third court would come up in Saidapet on Wednesday, the fourth is scheduled to come up on the George Town metropolitan magistrate court campus once space is allotted for it.Two more courts would be set up to try cases under the Motor Vehicles Act soon, he said. During the inaugural ceremony of 150anniversary of the Madras high court in November, 2011, Chief Justice M Y Eqbal had announced that all cases under the Motor Vehicles Act and the Negotiable Instruments Act would be disposed of before the valedictory ceremony later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244417", "title": "It is too early to talk about films, says Junaid", "text": "When an emcee at a college meet asks Junaid Khan, \"What would you say to anyone who asks you, Aati kya Khandala?\" the 18-year-old B.Com student from Mumbai replies, \"Why Khandala, when Bangalore is much more beautiful?\"That seems to be the way Junaid fields questions about his father, Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan - by using good-natured deflection that can, he says, be mistaken for a reluctance to identify himself as his father's son. \"I just don't go about announcing it. People do generally take a few days to find out. But any ribbing is taken in the right spirit,\" smiles Junaid when he spoke to TOI.Junaid displays a similar reticence when asked about the new addition to the family, Azad Rao Khan, who was born via a surrogate in December to his father Aamir and stepmother Kiran Rao . \"It's a great feeling. It's been a while since my sister (Ira) was born,\" he says shyly.However, he opens up when asked about his extra-curricular activities, which include being an active member of a service club. In fact, that's the reason Junaid was in Bangalore for three days last week, which is incidentally his first trip to the Garden City. \"We've met some very nice people who've been stuffing us with food,\" he smiles, adding, \"We also got to look around Bangalore.\"His upbringing, seems very grounded, given that he's opting for the long train journey back to Mumbai as opposed to hopping on a flight. He brushes off that observation by simply saying, \"It's fun to travel by train. Plus, we haven't slept much over the past three days, so this will be a chance to catch up on some sleep.\" But, of course, that isn't the case with the Mumbai Metro, which Junaid reveals he takes when he goes to his college in Churchgate from his home in Bandra. \"You can't drive in Mumbai. It would take a couple of hours to cover the 25 kms between home and school, but it takes just 30 minutes in the Metro,\" he says.Junaid says that he enjoys music (he's a trained pianist), sports like football and squash (which have taken a backseat ever since he joined the service club) and gaming (but his video game console has been lying untouched for six months). We also ask him if his extracurricular activities includes theatre - seeing, of course, that he comes from a film family - to which he says, \"I'm deeply involved in my work for our service club.\"Would he like to perhaps pursue a career in films? He laughs and says, \"It's a little early to think about that.\" With that, he rejoins his friends to catch his train back to Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12241440", "title": "Unsolved crimes haunt Kolkata detectives", "text": "KOLKATA: Is Kolkata Police - once reputed for its efficiency in crime detection and prevention - losing its edge? An increasing number of crimes since the beginning of the year have gone unsolved. Many of the crimes that were cracked are still in an uncertain stage because the key accused are yet to be arrested.The police's dip in success rate is all the more glaring because this year there has been a string of particularly gruesome murders and rapes. There were some the city witnessed for the first time - gangrape in a moving car and the possibility of a serial killer stalking teenage girls. Add to those gunfights on the streets, a homemaker shot in a peaceful neighbourhood, a gangwar in rush-hour and sundry abductions and murders. The police have been kept busy but there is little to show by way of success.The series of undetected crimes started with a daring snatching attempt in a Kasba locality in the south eastern fringes of the city on January 24. Thirty-five-year-old Vidya Desai was playing with her children in front of their house when two bikers sped up and tried to snatch her necklace. The gutsy woman fought back and threw the duo off their bikes. She had almost caught one of them when the goon pulled out a pistol and started shooting, without bothering that the children could also get hit.The woman was shot in the stomach but still chased the bikers for about 500 metres before collapsing. She is still under treatment and the family is in shock. The anti-robbery squad of Kolkata Police's famed detective department took up the investigation. Initially, they picked up a couple of youths but didn't progress any further. Police claimed they found no eyewitness who could provide them with a description of the culprits. A neighbour and another young boy who was passing by the spot provided a detailed description of the snatchers but police could not take any advantage of it. An investigator admitted on Monday that they are still in the dark about the culprits. The goons may still be targeting women, emboldened by the fact that they got away with it.That very night, the decomposed body of a schoolgirl was found stuffed in a sack and dumped near the Park Circus railway station. The next afternoon, a dead teenage girl was found in a jute bag beside a vat under Dhakuria flyover. The autopsy report confirmed that they were both murdered. But none of them has been identified yet.Officers of the homicide squad suspect that the murders are linked. There are just too many coincidences to ignore - the sacks were similar, they both had the same logo, both girls were in school uniform, the bodies were dumped barely 5km apart and finally, there was no evidence of sexual assault. But detectives could not make much headway. The DNA profiles of both bodies were prepared for further investigation. Police are waiting for the final DNA report to match both profiles. But there are no leads on the suspects in spite of an eyewitness seeing one of the bodies being dumped from a taxi.The detective department did a remarkable job in cracking the Park Street rape case but two of the suspects - including the prime accused - are yet to be nabbed. In the dark hours of February 3, the victim had been beaten up, molested and raped inside a car by five men she had met at a night club. The Park Street police refused to take her complaint initially and bungled the investigation. Then, all the suspects had impersonated other club regulars, making identification difficult. But the detective department cracked the seemingly impossible case and nabbed three of the accused in one night. But the alleged rapist and an accomplice are still on the run.The Park Street case was still hogging front page headlines when on February 11, a businessman was gunned down on a crowded street in Burrabazar. Syamsundar B Popat was shot at the crossing of Canning Street and Kalakar Street. The killer snatched Rs 1.5 lakh from him and his cellphone. Days after the murder, police said they had retrieved CCTV footage from two shops that showed the two gunmen leaving the spot along Laddu Galli which leads to Mechua fruit market.The police were also hopeful they would gather clues from the missing cellphone but sources said that the assailants did not use the cellphone at all. Popat's brother Jayees said: \"Since then we have met the investigating team several times. We have provided some clues. But it has not progressed.\"Two more murders were added to the long list. Twenty-seven-year-old Sujan Begum alias Baisakhi Biswas was found dead inside her posh Jodhpur Park Garden apartment on March 9. The autopsy confirmed that she was strangled and police suspect her husband Raizul Haque Seikh. But they have not been able to trace him or the couple's infant son. He was last tracked to Baruipur.The latest is the murder of 39-year-old Sarmistha Lahiri, who was strangled in her Patuli residence. A former bank employee, Lahiri lived alone. Police claimed to have a prime suspect but have made no headway in the case.In the last two murders, senior detectives say they have specific clues and will soon nail the suspects. But they admitted that in the remaining cases, they are still in the dark. \"We are waiting for some positive clues,\" said an officer.MAJOR CRIMES THIS YEAR &amp; THEIR STATUSDate Cases StatusJan 20Animesh Roy, insurance agent, abductedReleased, 5 arrestedJan 24Vidya Desai shot by biker gang in KasbaUnsolvedJan 25Teenage girl found in a sack under Dhakuria BridgeUnsolvedFeb 9Woman raped in carArrests 3, absconding 3Feb 11Trader shot in BurrabazarUnsolvedFeb 12Couple stabbed and robbed at Posta Solved, 2 arrestedFeb 12Man robbed in Burrabazar RajakatraSolved, 2 arrestedMarch3Woman murdered in Jodhpur Park Garden UnsolvedMarch 7Woman murdered in Patuli apartment Unsolved", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240956", "title": "PCMC to get new mayor today", "text": "PUNE: NCP's three-time corporator Mohini Lande is set to become the mayor of Pimpri Chinchwad on Tuesday. If elected, she would be the fifth woman mayor of the twin town. The post of the mayor is reserved for a woman from the general category.All the 128 new corporators would gather at the PCMC main building at 11 am on Tuesday to elect a mayor and a deputy mayor. The NCP has a strength 83 in the new house with nine independents extending their support to the party.The Shiv Sena has fielded Sharada Babar while the BJP has nominated Varsha Madigeri for the mayor's post.The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena with its four corporators and the Congress, which has 14 corporators, have decided to remain neutral.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244431", "title": "Nihalani to release India's first H'wood crossover 3D animation film", "text": "This may be the first Hollywood crossover 3D animation. Govind Nihalani has taken on a project called Kamlu Happy Happy which is likely to be released in may this year.This movie has been made in Hollywood and features a superhero i.e. Kamlu the camel. There are plenty of interesting characters in this animated flick like a princess, a monkey, a king, a magician and more.The project has been more than four years in the making and is finally nearing completion. It is said to be made with state-of-the-art technology in Hollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12245704", "title": "SP invites Left leaders for swearing-in ceremony of Akhilesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid murmurs of formation of a third front, Samajwadi Party and CPI(M) on Tuesday sought to bridge the gap between the two with the SP inviting top Left leaders for the swearing-in of Akhilesh Yadav as UP Chief Minister.SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and his son Akhilesh, who steered the party to an impressive win in Uttar Pradesh, drove to the CPI(M) headquarters to meet its general secretary Prakash Karat and invite him for the March 15 ceremony in Lucknow.\"Akhilesh has come along with Mulayam Singh Yadav. We congratulated them for the success in the elections. They invited us for the swearing-in ceremony and we have accepted the invitation,\" Karat told reporters after the 20-minute meeting at the AKG Bhavan here.Karat, however, refused to answer questions on third front. Mulayam and Akhilesh did not speak to the waiting media.Today's meeting comes almost four years after the bitter parting of ways between the two parties over support on the nuclear deal.CPI(M) was then weaving a coalition to corner the UPA-I and was banking on SP's support but the latter changed its mind and supported the government on the nuclear deal. In the 2009 General Elections, CPI(M) had told its cadre to vote for secular parties like BSP, the bete-noire of SP.The Left party rolling out the red carpet to the SP leaders is also seen as an attempt on their part to consolidate the non-Congress, non-BJP parties on one side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12244914", "title": "Malayalam film actor Sreekumar to undergo three bone surgeries today", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Malayalam film actor Jagathy Sreekumar, who is in hospital following an accident on March 10, will undergo three multiple bone surgeries on Tuesday, doctors attending on him said.Speaking to the reporters here, Dr Abdulla Cherakkat, managing director, Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences hospital said three surgeries would be performed on the actor to correct a fracture on his right thigh, right hand and hip.\"He is responding well to treatment and his blood pressure and kidney are functioning normally,\" Dr Abdulla said.However the actor would have to be on ventilator for one more day for safety reasons, he saidThe condition of the car driver, who was also injured in the mishap, was improving, he said.Sreekumar was en route to Kodagu in Karnataka for shooting a Malayalam film \"Idavapathy\" when his car slammed into a road median and overturned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12240083", "title": "Team Anna to protest killing of IPS officer in city today", "text": "Team Anna will launch a three-day fast in Bhopal from Tuesday to protest against the death of IPS officer Narendra Kumar and demanding a strong law to protect whistleblowers.The activists also asked Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan to immediately pass the Lokayukta bill in the state on the lines of the one enacted in Uttarakhand. \"Indians won't be mute spectators to this political tamasha this time round. Team Anna and thousands of Indians will organize a 3-day fast and protest in Bhopal to pay tribute to Narendra Kumar and demand a stronger law for the whistleblowers,\" a statement said.Targeting lawmakers, Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal said he was waiting to see for how long MPs discussed the killing of the IPS officer allegedly by the mining mafia in Parliament which \"mourned\" the slapping of Union minister Sharad Pawar for two hours.In a tweet , Kejriwal said, \"When Sharad Pawar was slapped, Parliament mourned for two hours. Let's see for how many hours it discusses Narendra Kumar's death.\"Kumar, a 2009 batch IPS officer, was killed last week in MP allegedly by a member of the mining mafia in the state.\"Team Anna believes that the political parties are deliberately raking up the war of words for two reasons -- to scuttle justice to the family of the braveheart who single-handedly took on the mafia patronized by politicians and keep the much needed stringent whistleblowers protection law as propounded in the Jan Lokpal bill in cold storage,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244707", "title": "Aamir started item numbers in B-town: Raveena", "text": "She might have done a blink-and-miss appearance in 'Bbuddah Hoga Tera Baap', but Raveena Tandon has no regrets about the cameo and is back with a bang with 'Shobhana 7 Nights' and 'Gin Liya Aasman'.\"In fact, I had no regrets playing the mother of a teenager in Bbuddah... After all, who would say no to a project when the Big B himself calls and asks you to do a role? I share a wonderful rapport with Amitabh Bachchanji, as we have worked together earlier in films like Aks. I loved doing the extended cameo in the film,\" says Raveena.The Mohra girl is now excited about her two upcoming projects. \"I play a pulp fiction writer in 'Shobana's 7 Nights'. It is an ultra glam character, who deals with three complicated relationships in her life. In 'Gin Liya Aasman', I play a mother of a small boy, who has lost his father. It's a performance-driven character,\" she says.Would Raveena call this her comeback? \"How many times will I make a comeback? Whenever I sign a film, people ask if that is my comeback. I am not signing films in a hurry. With my chat show on television, two films and my children, I have enough work in hand. I need a break,\" she says.With item numbers becoming a rage in B-town, ask the original Mast Mast girl about her opinion on the Chikni Chamelis and Chammak Challos and she says, \"Item numbers have become raunchier today. Earlier, the lead actor of the film herself would do a 'special' number and that would be used to promote the film and its music album. The heroine would be fully clothed. It's only recently that other actors are being asked to do these 'special' songs in the films. And you know whom I hold responsible for starting the item number trend in Bollywood? It's none other than Aamir Khan , who did that energetic number Dole dole dil dole.... in 'Baazi' clad in a woman's attire,\" she chuckles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244219", "title": "Akshay rowdy, Prosenjeet rowdier", "text": "Khiladi Kumar faces stiff competition from the Bengali superstar who stars in the regional remake of the Telugu film VikramarkurduThe Bengali actor doesn't shy away from admitting to it either. Talking to Mumbai Mirror, Prosenjeet reveals, \"We're indeed doing a Bengali remake of the same Telugu film that Rowdy Rathore has been adapted from. My film Vikram Singha, is being directed by Rajeev. It is produced by Eskay Movies. Yes, we hope to complete and release our film before Rowdy Rathore. But please, there's no war between the two films.\"The Bhansali clan however, believes otherwise. According to a source close to Sanjay Leela Bhansali Productions, \"In 2002, when Prosenjeet released the Bengali Devdas before Bhansali's film, it did not affect the film in any way. Though we were so far unaware of Prosenjeet's own Rowdy Rathore in Bengali, we aren't the least surprised or perturbed on hearing about it. Rowdy Rathore and Vikram Singha may be sourced from the same Telugu film. But there will be a world of difference between the two remakes.\"Sources from the industry reveal that the Bengali version of the Telugu film Vikramarkurdu, that Rowdy Rathore also borrows from, is trying to match up to Bollywood standards. In fact, lead actor Prosenjeet, who plays the double role of a cop and a lout, has just returned from Jordan where he has been shooting some slick action scenes for the film. We sure hope Akshay is ready to face the challenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12242666", "title": "Water woes: More power for local bodies", "text": "KANNUR: The state government is considering the proposal to handover the power to decide on supply of drinking water to the local bodies.This was announced by minister for rural development and planning K C Joseph at a news conference after attending a review meeting at Collectorate chamber here. He said the government would take a decision in this regard in the next cabinet meeting.The government would organize a meeting at all the 140 assembly constituencies on March 17 and 18, which would be attended by MLAs and representatives of local bodies, to discuss the drinking water problems. After this, another meeting would be held at Thiruvanathapuram on March 19.The final decision for distributing drinking water through tankers would be taken after this meeting, Joseph added.He said the government had already received reports from panchayats that the scarcity of water was serious than the previous years.He said the government would consider the demand from the local bodies that panchayat plan fund may be utilized for the distribution of drinking water.MLAs A P Abdullakutty, C Krishnan , K K Narayanan and people representatives attended the review meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12248623", "title": "Bengal\u2019s first director", "text": "Hiralal Sen, hailed as one of the pioneers of ad films in India, was first a photographer.Hiralal Sen made silent films, and is known to have made the first Indian political film - a documentary on the Anti-Partition and Swadeshi Movement.Having made more than 40 movies, a fire apparently destroyed all prints of his movies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244111", "title": "Ranbir in Anurag Kashyap's next film", "text": "The actor will be paired with Anushka in Anurag Kashyap's period film Bombay VelvetContinuing in a similar vein, the actor is now all set to team up with director Anurag Kashyap in his much talked about next, Bombay Velvet. In a couple of firsts, the film will see Ranbir paired with Anushka Sharma in addition to him stepping into a role earmarked for Aamir Khan .About Bombay Velvet , it is based on Mumbai Fables, a semi-fictional study of Bombay in the sixties by eminent historian and Professor of History at Princeton University , Gyan Prakash. Reportedly, Kashyap has asked Ranbir to read the book and get into the mood of the era. The actor is rather kicked about his first period film and has asked for until October to get acquainted with his character.A source told Mirror, \"Ranbir plays a hero of the masses in the 1960s. It will also be his first biographical character.\" Both Ranbir and Kashyap remained unavailable for comment. Shooting for the film, which is a thriller based on real incidents, kicks off in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12247750", "title": "Nagarjuna bought property in Afghanisthan", "text": "In early 90s Nagarjuna worked with Amitabh Bachchan in the film Khuda Gawah. The film was largely shot in Afghanisthan where the story was set.While shooting in Afghanisthan, Nagarjuna was so overwhelmed with the place that he actually bought a sprawling property there. He planned to build a film studio on it. However after the rise of Taliban in the place, he subsequently sold off the property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12241209", "title": "Danda for Cong on Dandi March day", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Congress workers who were staging a protest march to Gandhinagar were lathicharged by city police on Monday. The cops also lobbed teargas shells to control the situation.The Congress had called for a meeting on Monday to register their protest against the suspension of leader of opposition Shaktisinh Gohil. Gohil was suspended allegedly for showing \"disrespect\" to speaker Ganpat Vasava by refusing to apologize for alleged remarks that state agriculture minister Dilip Sanghani is a partner of the Adani Group .On Monday, Congress leaders including Gujarat Congress president Arjun Modhwadia, former chief minister Shankersinh Vaghela and incharge of Gujarat affairs and All India Congress Committee leader Mohan Prakash offered prayers at Gandhi Ashram.The administration had given permission for a prayer meet at Gandhi Ashram and party's rally nearby. During his speech, Modhwadia said, \"Gandhinagar is not Pakistan, those who want to stop us can do so, but we will march to Gandhinagar.\"As soon as he made this announcement, the Congress workers and the leaders began their march towards Gandhinagar. However, the policemen present there stopped them from marching to the state capital.The police detained Prakash, Vaghela and Modhwadia for violating the prohibitory orders. The administration had denied permission for a protest march in Gandhinagar. In all, 177 workers and leaders were detained by the police and were taken to Shahibaugh police headquarters.Earlier, addressing the gathering Modhwadia said that the speaker's decision to suspend Gohil was a ploy by the state government as it feared being exposed on the issue of corruption. He said the Congress protest coincided with the beginning of the historic Dandi March.Mohan Prakash and Shankersinh Vaghela in their speech called upon the workers to take their movement against corruption in the streets. Vaghela said that the BJP government is a government of the goons and anti-democratic. He said the ruling party has not allowed appointment of the deputy speaker, Lokayukta and has not even tabled the report of the Public accounts committee.He said even there was lack of staff in offices of the Human Rights and the Right to Information. \"Even the high court has to intervene and pass judgment criticizing the government for not appointing staffers in these two offices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12242541", "title": "Shootout at high noon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There was a bloody clash on Monday afternoon, when members of a student group armed with a pistol, sharp-edged weapons and batons attacked members of another student group on the DAV College campus in Sector 10. According to the police, Panjab University Students' Union (PUSU) had planned a star nite on the DAV College campus on Tuesday evening. However, in a bid to spoil their show, members of Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) attacked the PUSU members, police sources said. SOPU members also fired gunshots at their opponents.\"Two PUSU members, Jeevanjot Chahal alias Jugnu and Charandev Singh, sustained bullet injuries. Chahal got a bullet injury on his leg, while Charandev sustained a bullet injury near his stomach. Their condition is stable. Besides them, five other students sustained injuries, inflicted by sharp-edged weapons,\" said a police official. The accused were identified as Lawrence Bishnoi, Amandeep Singh Multani, Robin Brar, Vicky Midhukhera, besides four other SOPU leaders.\"Preliminary investigations reveal that at least eight rounds were fired. The miscreants are habitual offenders and we have identified them on the basis of the statements of eyewitnesses. Extensive raids are being conducted and we are expecting to arrest them by late night,\" Naunihal Singh, senior superintendent of police, Chandigarh told TOI.He added, \"We suspect that a country-made weapon was used in the crime. Some of the accused like Lawrence and Multani have cases pending against them and they had recently come out of jail on bail. We would also move the court on Tuesday for cancellation of their bails.\"Lawrence, 21, is a BA second year student of DAV College, while Multani, 27, is a senior SOPU leader.The star night over which the fight took place has been cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12240035", "title": "Sharmila Tagore to firefight Rubaat issue", "text": "BHOPAL: Sharmila Tagore , her daughter Saba Sultan and their legal advisor are arriving in the city on March 16 to settle prickly issues, sources said. Growing politicking over the 'Rubaat' issue and the resignation of auqaf-e-shahi (royal wakf properties) secretary have prompted the Pataudi family to come to the city with the legal advisor, sources assert. The Pataudi family is likely to stay put in the city till all important matters are sorted out.Black flags to actor Saif Ali Khan by protestors and the resignation of Anwar Mohammed Khan, secretary of the auqaf-e-shahi, last week appear to have heightened sense of urgency to deal fast with issues.By bringing a legal advisor, considered an authority on Muslim personal law, observers feel the family is taking no chance before the important meeting of members of the auqaf-e-shahi to decide on a new secretary.\"Forces are at work to extract a political mileage from the moves. Some of the committee members are also stakeholders,\" said a long-time associate of the late Nawab Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi, seeking anonymity. \"Replacement of a secretary is an easy task, but looking at the issues being highlighted against a few in the vernacular media, it is obvious that some people are trying to influence the opinion,\" he added.Sources claimed that Faiz Bin Jung, Pataudi's nephew, may be next secretary of the auqaf-e-shahi. Begum Sharmila could announce his name during her next visit to the cityObservers point out that issues in Bhopal are no less important than those in Saudi Arabia for the erstwhile royal family. Also, legal cases of auqaf-e-shahi in courts are in final stages and any laxity may cost the royal family dear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12241704", "title": "HC issues directive to passport officer in divorced woman case", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Monday has issued a direction against the passport officer insisting a divorced Muslim woman to produce a decree of divorce from a court for issuing passport to her minor daughter.Justice K K Sasidharan said the local Jamath has certified the factum of giving such 'talaq'. The passport officer cannot be heard to say that a decree from a court should be produced to prove that the marriage was dissolved.The judge made these observations while disposing a petition filed by Ramjan Begam seeking to direction to the passport officer to issue a passport to her minor daughter without insisting a decree from a court.Begam was married to Shaul Hameed and out of wedlock, a female child was born in 2006. The birth of the child was registered before the registrar of births and deaths, Karaikudi Municipality. Subsequently, difference of opinion arose between the parties and ultimately the marriage was dissolved in accordance with custom. The certificates issued by Muslim Sunnath Jamath, Gopalpattinam dated December 26, 2011, indicated that the marriage was dissolved by giving 'talaq'.When Begam filed an application for issuing passport to her minor daughter by name Moufika Refana, the passport officer in Thanjavur insisted that she should produce the decree of divorce issued by a court. Hence, she filed the present petition.The standing counsel for the passport department submitted that Begam had not produced any documents indicating that there was a divorce. The passport office wanted clear documents to show that the marriage was dissolved.Delivering an order on the petition, Justice K K Sasidharan pointed out that Begam had produced a certificate issued by the local Muslim Sunnath Jamath indicating that the marriage was dissolved by giving 'talaq' as per Muslim law. The parties are governed by the Mohammedan Law. The marriage of a Mohammedan could be dissolved by giving 'talaq'.Directing the passport officer to dispose the matter as expeditiously, Justice Sasidharan also ordered the petitioner to swear an affidavit regarding the dissolution of marriage by giving 'talaq' and produce the same before the passport officer. In case the passport officer is having any doubt about the veracity of the affidavit, it is open to him to conduct in enquiry through the concerned police or the revenue official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12241467", "title": "Keep budget realistic", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP has too little money for too much work. So, how should it generate sufficient revenue to handle the city's basic needs? What should its budget focus on? Janaagraha co-founder Ramesh Ramanathan, adviser to chief minister A Ravindra, urban affairs activists Ashwin Mahesh, R K Misra and V Ravichander spell out a slew of measures which can make BBMP financially efficient.Ramanathan suggests a three-point strategy. \"We first need to fix the shortfalls in property tax - get multiples of what we're getting now. Rectify errors in self-assessment. The idea is to augment its sources of income which is largely property tax. Secondly, have performance conditionalities while seeking grants and transfers from the state government. State grants and transfers can perhaps be improved based on conditionalities being fulfilled. The government needs to notify the Local Fiscal Responsibility Act and a clear fiscal policy in the budget. Thirdly, we can approach the market through bonds. Municipal bonds in the US runs to trillions of dollars. But we need to improve our housekeeping before we approach the market.\"Ravindra suggests a bold move away from presentation of inflated budgets to realistic budgets. \"Just state what's possible to mobilize in terms of revenue. Don't project spending/ expenditure for which you can't provide money. Prepare a long-term plan, preferably for five years and frame revenues and expenditure accordingly. Realize the full potential of taxation - more income has to come through property tax. For instance, how can you turn markets into profitable centres? Can they generate revenue like private malls do? Can we generate more revenue from existing facilities? We're losing money by not levying parking fees. A new set of regulations and sources of raising revenue have to be worked out with plans to get the maximum from existing systems.\"Adherence to the rule book will go a long way in plugging leakages, says Ashwin Mahesh. \"There is an Act, regulation and law that prescribes what should be done for every project. Just implementing that will plug leakages. Another strategy is to have a clear plan for development. This may sound simple, but having a plan will ensure methodical, systematic work and better efficiency than what ad hocism permits.\"Getting out of capital expenditure is one route to saving finances. \"Why should BBMP build flyovers? Let's move BBMP out of the heavy work,\" says RK Misra. \"Then, we have to develop a system of assigning payments to heads - each payment has to tally with a particular work. The payment-project system can be streamlined to ensure payments are made only for listed works.\"V Ravichander suggests improvements in information and financial management systems, better collection from existing revenue streams and a relook at the self-assessment scheme.A wrap-up suggestion at the macro level was for BBMP to prepare a draft paper of the budget, put it up for public discussion before a final draft is presented in March. The BBMP's standing committee could have the draft ready by December, public discussion in January and presentation in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12242652", "title": "George sends notice to VS, Kadakampally", "text": "KOZHIKODE: UDF chief whip P C George has sent legal notices to Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan and CPM Thiruvananthapuram district secretary Kadakampally Surendran for making defamatory statements against him in connection with the resignation of R Selvaraj from Kerala assembly.Both have been asked to withdraw their statements and pay a compensation of Rs 1 crore to George, failing which legal proceedings will be initiated against them, the notice said.George said he had nothing to do with the resignation of the MLA and the allegation that he was an intermediary in handing over Rs 5 crore to Selvaraj amounted to defamation.On Monday, George asked Achuthanandan to clarify whether he had prior knowledge of Selvaraj's resignation. \"If he knew it, what action did he take to prevent Selvaraj from leaving the party?\"George said he knew that Selvaraj was deeply hurt by the behaviour of his party bosses.\"More people in the CPM fold would come out of the party protesting against its fascist policies. I will extent full support to those who are against the CPM's degenerated stand,\" he said.\"Achuthanandan wants LDF to lose the Piravom bypoll. That is why he is making indecent remarks against women,\" George said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12241939", "title": "Daylong bandh in Jharia", "text": "DHANBAD: Residents of Jharia on Monday observed a daylong bandh demanding \"adequate safety measures and fair implementation\" of the Jharia Action Plan.The residents, led by Jharia Bachao Samiti president Ashok Agarwal and general secretary Madan Lal Khanna, blocked movement of vehicles at three places in the town.The bandh supporters squatted at Katras More, Bata More and Indira Chowk for over two hours. Agarwal said the seven-point demands included sand filling and measures to douse underground fire of Jharia. The samiti also demanded Jharia fire should be declared a national disaster.The Jharia Action Plan funded jointly by the public sector coal companies and the government of India was launched three years back. There is a proposal to shift about one lakh people to re-settlement colonies. One such colony at Belguria has been developed by Jharia Rehabilitation Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12240860", "title": "Pongala row: Three police officers suspended", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The UDF government on Monday wriggled out of a major embarrassment by suspending three police officers who had registered FIRs against pongala devotees citing that the congregation was in violation of the HC order on assembly in public places.The FIRs submitted by the Thampanoor and Fort police at the judicial first class magistrate court put the state in a catch-22 situation.Reacting swiftly, CM Oommen Chandy asked DGP Jacob Punnoose to submit a report on the goof-up. The DGP had reported that the action of the sub-inspectors of both stations was based on a directive by deputy commissioner of police VC Mohanan.He recommended disciplinary action against the DCP and the chief minister immediately ordered his suspension. The police were asked to withdraw the FIRs. Cashing in on the issue, a series of protests - with CPM in the lead - was taken out against the Chandy government.While the FIR registered by Fort CI A K Sherry accused 1,000 women of blocking the Manacaud-Pazhavangadi road by setting up cooking fires on both sides, violating the court order, Thampanoor SI R Sivakumar's case was against 10,000 women who obstructed the Thampanoor Overbridge and Thycaud.CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan said the decision to register a case against Attukal devotees was condemnable. \"This exposes the doublespeak of chief minister Oommen Chandy. He had assured the Assembly that his government would bring legislation to bypass the HC verdict banning meetings on road sides. The police had registered FIR against thousands of women soon after that,\" he said in a statement.Coming down heavily on the issue, BJP state president V Muraleedharan asked the state government to withdraw the case and apologize. \"It is an assault against Hindu belief,\" he said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12244746", "title": "No salary jump for IBM's ex-CEO Sam Palmisano in 2011", "text": "NEW YORK: International Business Machines Corp ( IBM ) paid Sam Palmisano $31.8 million in 2011, his last year as chief executive officer before he was succeeded by Virginia \"Ginni\" Rometty in January.Palmisano's pay is little changed from the $31.7 million he earned in 2010, according to a regulatory filing. Annual compensation includes salary, bonus, stock awards and options.Rometty earned $8.34 million last year, when she was head of sales and marketing, up from $6.4 million in 2010. Palmisano, 60, boosted earnings during his tenure by focusing on software and services and selling off assets including the company's personal-computer business. He was Armonk, New York-based IBM's longest-serving CEO who doesn't share the surname of the company's founder, Thomas J Watson. Palmisano remains IBM's chairman.Rometty, 54, became the first female CEO in the company's 100-year history when she succeededPalmisano, inheriting a five-year plan that includes boosting software to half of IBM's earnings, with a focus on programs that help businesses analyze and project trends, as well as on cloud computing and emerging growth markets.The world's largest computer-services provider is \"well on track\" to its goal of generating at least $20 a share in operating earnings by 2015, up from $13.44 last year, Rometty reiterated in the 2011 annual report published over the weekend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12241766", "title": "Punjab govt fails to release grant for mid-day meal scheme", "text": "PATIALA: The failure of the Punjab government to release the Rs 3-crore grant to run the mid-day meal scheme smoothly in time has multiplied problems of thousands of schools of this district. Senior authorities have issued directions to continue the scheme but for how long the teachers will spend from their pockets to run the scheme no one knows.Senior education department officials said that the government must release the required grant to schools in advance every month.In total around 1.20 lakh students are enrolled in Patiala district's 1,016 primary and 375 secondary schools but not a single school had received funds to run the scheme for the last four months.In many schools, teachers had already decided to close the scheme but fearing action they had requested village shopkeepers for some more ration on credit.\"The government has not released the Rs 3-crore grant for the last four months. We have been spending from our own pockets but now shopkeepers have started demanded money in advance to give raw material,\" said Jagjit Nohra, state president of Sikhiya Vikas Manch.As the government had not released the grant, Rs 1.25 crore in salaries of all cooks for the mid-day meal scheme was pending. In many schools due to lack of money, teachers were not preparing mid-day meals and raw material, like wheat and rice, was rotting.When contacted, Patiala district manager of the scheme Ranbir Singh confirmed that schools were without the grant for the last four months. \"The grant will be released within coming some days as all formalities have been completed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12241196", "title": "Chief secy's term extended by six months", "text": "KOLKATA: Samar Ghosh's tenure as the chief secretary of the state has been extended by six months from March. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee wants Ghosh to continue as the chief secretary since her dispensation is only nine-month-old and a bureaucrat like him is required at the helm of governance. It is learnt that the 1977-batch IAS officer had expressed his reluctance when Mamata first approached him.The UPA government, which is now keeping Mamata in good humour after its recent poll debacle, has cleared the state's request.The Union department of personnel and training under the ministry of personnel, which is headed by the Prime Minister himself, has approved the state's proposal.The IAS rules have specific provisions that say the chief secretary's service may be extended for a period not exceeding six months on the recommendation of the state government with \"full justification and in public interest\" with prior approval of the Centre.Getting the current chief secretary to stay on was Mamata's brainwave. She drew reference to the Congress government in Odisha (then Orissa) which had given Rabi Das two extensions (six months each) as chief secretary in the Nineties. Das was given extensions by then chief minister Biju Patnaik and his successor Janki Ballav Patnaik. IAS officers across the board agreed that the chief minister's plan was befitting under the current circumstances.A secretary at Writers' Buildings said, \"The government is still learning the ropes and a man like Ghosh is needed to give it some stability. There have been quite a few faux pas so far, and the chief secretary seems to be the only one who can stand up to a wrong decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12240015", "title": "SBI officers demand timely pension, benefits", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The State Bank of India (SBI) Officers Association, Bhubaneswar circle, reiterated the bank's top management should resolve their demands on pension and other important welfare issues soon.\"The pension issue has already been resolved by other banks. But our bank is sitting over it. The management should resolve the issue soon,\" said T N Goel, president of All India SBI Officers Federation while addressing the annual general body meeting of the bank on Sunday.The association discussed several issues like timely payment of retirement benefits, including provident fund, posting of second officers in single-man branches, transparency and justice in disciplinary proceedings and reducing invocation of Rule 19 (3). The general body also stressed quantifying workload of officers, implementation of central office guidelines, replacing obsolete infrastructure, including hardware and V-sat.President of the association, Laxmikanta Mishra chaired the meeting, attended by over 2,500 officers. General secretary of SBI Officers' Federation G D Nadaf was also present on the occasion, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "dona paula", "code": "12240829", "title": "Self help groups help these women run the show", "text": "DONA PAULA: She is part of a group that makes 20,000 chapattis daily. This helps her earn 18,000 per month. Her husband's monthly salary on the other hand is 8,000. But more than anything else, she is among the many women who have achieved economic independence and do not have to rely on their husbands for money to run the household.Meet Nanda Gurav, a chapatti supplier-cum-homemaker. The Marathi-speaking enterprising women, who is in her mid-thirties, narrates how she managed to clasp economic freedom.Nanda initially began taking small orders of 100 chapattis. \"When I took my first order, I did not know how I would manage to make those 100 chapattis. But gradually I began gaining confidence and taking bigger orders,\" she said. Today, as part of a Taleigao-based self help group (SHG), Nanda makes 1,000 chapattis everyday and this helps her earn 600 per day or 18,000 every month.But more than the money, it is the financial independence that she enjoys which is more satisfying. \"I do not have to depend on my husband for money. I can send my children for tuitions and I have even bought an apartment,\" she said.With SHGs frequently coming in for criticism for accepting money from politicians, Nanda asserts, \"Our SHG has not taken any money from politicians. Whatever we have achieved is all through our hard work.\"Like Nanda, a few other women shared their experiences of empowerment through economic ventures at a regional seminar on gender discrimination organized by International Centre- Goa on Monday.Gayatri Kharge of Deep SHG runs three mills- two flour mills and another for grinding spices.\"I am not well educated. But SHGs helped me earn money (through initial loans), instead of staying dependent on my husband,\" said Gayatri, who was addressing a seminar audience for the first time in her life.It was humble beginnings for Rameshwari Naik too. Back in the 90's, Naik, who now owns a bike rental service at Anjuna, was thinking of ways to supplement her husband's monthly salary of 2,000.Living in a tourism hub, the bike rental idea suddenly struck her. A local mahila mandal aided her through a loan of 10,000 and with further financial help from a bank, Naik purchased a two wheeler with which she began her bike rental venture. She learnt to drive a two-wheeler and got a license too in the process. She later expanded the business and today rents 15 two-wheelers and has also started a taxi service with her educated-yet-unemployed son at the helm. She has also built a four room guesthouse.Amruta Gavthankar, who runs a laundry service in Anjuna catering to tourists, recollects: \"I began by hand-washing around 100 clothes a day. I progressed to buying a washing machine. I iron the clothes myself and am planning to buy a bigger capacity machine now.\"Chitra Kshirsagar, secretary of Tulsimata Pandurang Mahila Mandal, who moderated the session, said \"Many of these women have to make sacrifices. Their day begins at 3.30 am.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12241180", "title": "Bail for Rajarhat municipality chairman", "text": "KOLKATA: The Barrackpore chief judicial magistrate's court on Monday granted bail to Rajarhat-Gopalpur Municipality chairman Tapas Chatterjee in connection with his alleged involvement in the CPM-Trinamool clash on the bandh day. Trinamool supporter Zulfiquar Molla received bullet wounds in the clash.According to cops, CPM supporters were trying to close down a school while Trinamool workers intervened. A clash broke out consequently. Initially, Trinamool lodged a complaint and named 18 persons in the FIR. Though Tapas Chatterjee was not named in the FIR initially, his name was tagged later on.Chatterjee, who has been absconding since police initiated the probe, moved an anticipatory bail petition in court on Match 1. It was scheduled for hearing on Monday. Former Left law minister Nishith Adhikary and 50 lawyers of the Gana Ainjibi Sangha moved the bail plea. saying Chatterjee has been falsely implicated.The court granted the plea but asked Chatterjee not to move out of New Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244566", "title": "Soha Ali Khan in Tony's next", "text": "He is the thinking man's director and she the thinking man's muse. And if everything goes right, Soha Ali Khan may team up with \"Aparajita Tumi\" maker Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury for his next film - a thriller.Sources said that the film, which is a hush hush project, stars Soha in the lead.Tony - as Aniruddha is known to the industry - has already signed on the actor, says the grapevine.When CT got in touch with the director, who is in Mumbai now, this is what he had to say - \"Yes, I did meet Soha at the beginning of this year and spoke to her about a film which will be a thriller. She had shown her interest. But nothing has been finalized as of now. The script is not yet ready. I don't even know what will be my next film and whether at all I will go ahead with the thriller. I might direct a completely different film. I spoke to Soha keeping the thriller in mind. So, there's no point talking about this now.\"The buzz is that the director is also in talks with Tollywood heartthrob Dev for a film. So can we think the unthinkable - a Tony film with Soha and Dev in the lead? We posed this question to the director and all he had to say was, \"Pagol!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12239586", "title": "Govt\u2019s poor minority report", "text": "After the Sachar Committee report in late 2006 unequivocally showed that the Muslim community in India suffers from stark educational and employment deprivation, the UPA government announced a slew of measures targeted at mainly 66 Muslim concentration districts spread over 4 states. These measures included earmarked allocation in various schemes, multi-sectoral development plans (MSDP) scholarships etc.How have these programmes fared? A detailed analysis done by the Center for Budget and Governance Accountabilit (CBGA), a Delhi-Based advocacy group, throws up a dismal picture. Not only has the government not allocated enough resources for the plans, even the money earmarked has not been spent.Only 64% of the Rs 8,690 crore allocated to the ministry of minority affairs were actually spent between 2007-2011. Of the Rs 3,632 crore earmarked for the multi-sectoral development programme, just 33% was actually spent.Among the four states with significant Muslim population that is shackled by under-development - West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Assam - only West Bengal managed to spend about 51% of the funds allocated for the MSDP. UP spent about 33%, Bihar 31% and Assam a meager 20% of the funds.The results are obvious: key targets for setting up anganwadis, health centres, schools, handpumps etc. have not been met. For instance, in UP, 84,730 low-cost houses were to be built for below poverty line Muslim families, but only 54,045 (64%) were built. Only 5,203 handpumps were installed in Muslim localities against a target of 11,984. In Bihar, just 17% of the low cost houses, 21% of the health centers, 10% of anganwadis were built. In West Bengal and Assam too similar performance is reported, according to the CBGA analysis.While pre-matric scholarship distribution appears to have exceeded its target, in post-matric scholarship, out of a target of 2.55 lakh, only 37,000 students were actually given. Poor awareness generation among the parents, cumbersome procedure of application and lack of administrative costs being earmarked for implementation are the main reasons for this failure, says the CBGA.A new programme - the Prime Minister's 15-Point Programme - has now been initiated to tackle problems. However, it may also flounder unless the grievous lacunae dogging earlier schemes are not corrected, says the CBGA. This includes providing special central funds to states for meeting their obligation of implementing schemes, creating institutional infrastructure at the ground level, providing for administrative costs, targeting mohallas and bastis rather than wards and districts, etc., according to the CBGA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12239681", "title": "Chain snatched from woman during power cut", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two persons snatched a five-sovereign gold chain from a woman during a power cut on Sunday at RS Puram. N Rajkumar, a driver at Tamil Nadu Agricultural University, and his wife R Gayathri, 27 had gone to RS Puram on Sunday to attend a marriage function on a two-wheeler. While returning home after the function, when they reached Periasamy Road (West) in RS puram, two persons came on a two-wheeler and followed them.During the power cut, they snatched a five-sovereigns gold chain from Gayathri's neck. Though she shouted for help, the duo escaped. RS Puram police have registered a case and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241214", "title": "Parliament discovers Akhilesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was the same entrance to Parliament, same colleagues, same bunch of newshounds. But never before had the affable Akhilesh Yadav had to plead to be left alone as he did on Monday.The UP chief minister-to-be was the toast of the first day of Parliament's budget session, easily overshadowing the President's address as he was mobbed at every step. An exasperated Mulayam Singh Yadav , who initially chaperoned him, lost patience and left the son to his fate. The proud father could not have been envious, but the surging crowds quite defeated him.Pulled every which way as he shook extended hands, a bemused Akhilesh might have wondered -- if he could find the time to do so -- how victory had changed the world. Viewed till the other day as just other \"dynastic\" scion , he had suddenly acquired an aura all his own.Tipu's slight swagger said it all just as deflated Congress MPs told a story. Those from 'Akhilesh Pradesh', who were breathing fire against the Yadav chieftain and Mayawati not so long ago, slipped in and out of Parliament unnoticed.There was no Rahul Gandhi. But Congress MPs and ministers were in deep introspection. \"Samajh nahin aaya hua kya,\" a minister sighed, in what appeared a post-knockout battle with reality.A garrulous Beni Prasad Verma , who famously made his place in Congress by bad-mouthing Mulayam, his friend of four decades, entered and exited without a word. He looked as if he had other things on his mind like the possibility of losing his cabinet berth.Probably, a week of adulation made Akhilesh realize that being in public could be risky. The Yadav clan reached Parliament nearly an hour before the President's address at 11 am, with only a few cameras and journos in attendance. It appeared a ploy to avoid a commotion, although the strategy was undone by afternoon.Inside Central Hall, the Yadavs were complimented by all. But the sight was that of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi walking up to Mulayam to offer a compliment and Akhilesh then going to her.It was quite a picture, full of spirit, though also about inverted power equations. After all, the Samajwadi top duo faced a bitter onslaught from Rahul Gandhi in the two-month long battle across the vast state. Somewhere, coalition politics was showing its compulsions.Once out of Central Hall, the father and son were mobbed. Mulayam was asked about what he would do in Delhi. \"Third Front?\" Mulayam let it pass. But the son faced no such queries, just onlookers - MPs, visitors, journos - eager to do nobody knew what. May be, just to cultivate a future satrap.But the young gun was trying to escape, clasping the hand of CPI veteran Gurudas Dasgupta. \"Dada, Dada,\" he kept saying as everyone sought a part of him. \"I have to go with Dada,\" he screamed.The mobbing forced everyone to avoid the corridor Akhilesh took. But nobody seemed to mind. \"He deserves the limelight,\" BJP's guffawing Ravi Shankar Prasad announced, hustled out of the main entrance by the swelling surge towards the Samajwadi scion.The young leader finally reached the main gate, but here he could not avoid the cameras. He wondered what the fuss about the 'Third Front' was when his job was development of UP. But he added the debate about the 'front' was good for the country.Suddenly, as everyone egged him to say more, he employed all the force at his command and waded through the sea of journos, parliament staff, gathered visitors and friends , to escape in his car, still clasping the hand of Gurudas Dasgupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12247751", "title": "Probe to continue against Kripashankar, but properties not to be attached: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today ordered continuation of Mumbai high court judgment against Kripashankar Singh, former Mumbai Congress president, and his family for allegedly amassing benami property running into crores of rupees. The apex court, however, stayed HC order attaching the alleged ill-gotten assets.The apex court took over interim supervision of the probe as it asks Mumbai police commissioner to file probe status report before it.However, the Supreme Court restrained Singh and his kin from alienating or dealing with the property in any manner.Kripashankar Singh had moved the Supreme Court on Thursday challenging the recent Bombay high court judgment ordering his prosecution under the Prevention of Corruption Act and attaching of all his movable and immovable benami property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12242478", "title": "Over 400 police officers in state await promotions", "text": "CHENNAI: Morale in the state police has dropped due to a delay in promotions across all ranks. As many as 400 police personnel from constables to additional-directors general of police (ADGP) have been waiting for promotions for up to 10 months. Due to the delay several police officers will retire before they get the promotions.In the past six months, 50 police inspectors, assistant commissioners of police and additional deputy commissioners of police retired before they were promoted. Police officers say the problem, caused by a system of promotions based on seniority, has been exacerbated by the fact that many vacancies in the force have not been filled. To make things more galling, they say, the vacancies also force the police to work harder for no additional pay or reward.The delay in promotions will also affect transition to a new leadership for the force. \"Directorgenerals of police Letika Saran, KR Shyam Sundar, K Vijay Kumar and K Ramanujam, the current police chief of Tamil Nadu, will retire by the end of the year,\" a senior police officer said. \"Their replacements will not have the benefit of working closely with these top officers.\"Even the most disciplined officers are running out of patience. \"We only have our service awards to look back on after retirement. Even if a deputy superintendent of police is promoted on his last day, he will claim to be a retired superintendent of police,\" said a retired additional deputy superintendent of police (ADSP) who was superannuated before he received the promotion that he was due.Some IPS officers from the 2008 batch, who completed their training, are waiting to be promoted from assistant superintendent of police to superintendent of police since August 2011. Officers from the 2009 batch have also completed their terms as assistant superintendents and are awaiting promotions and postings. Sources said some of the files relating to promotions are pending in the home department, while others are still held up in the DGP's office.Officers who enter the force through the Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission receive fewer promotions than IPS officers, sources said. For example, a sub-inspector who joined in 1987 was promoted to inspector in 1998. He has not received further promotions. But an IPS officer who joined the same year is awaiting his fourth promotion, having climbed the ranks from assistant superintendent to superintendent, up to deputy inspector general (DIG) and inspector general of police (IGP). During his next promotion, he will be an additional director general of police (ADGP). They said such problems arise when a huge number of personnel is enrolled at one shot. For instance, not all of the 1,061 sub-inspector trainees inducted recently at the TN Police Academy will be promoted at the same time.Earlier, new people were inducted based on vacancies arising in future. \"We would meet once in three months and review the retirements. Based on the number of people likely to retire, we would induct people. The strength would be maintained,\" said ex-DGP V R Lakshmi Narayanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12241827", "title": "Toppers' answer sheets just a click away", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University has decided to put up answer sheets of top 10 students of every faculty on its web site. This was one of the important decisions taken by the university on Monday, barely two months before vice chancellor Dr Parimal Trivedi's term ends in June.This, varsity officials said, will help other students get an insight into the style of writing, presentation of answers and how to give weightage to various questions so as to score maximum marks.Earlier, the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) used to come out with booklets of answer sheets of toppers in all faculties. However, this practice was stopped.Meanwhile, the university has also decided to award a scholarship of Rs 5,000 to all meritorious students whose guardians' or parents' annual income is less than Rs 2 lakh. The varsity is also considering awarding scholarship for research.GU will also appoint a special placement officer to help students get job-oriented guidance.GU also decided to appoint nearly 40 professors and lecturers in various departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245819", "title": "Baichung plans to write a book", "text": "The UEFA EURO 2012 trophy was recently unveiled in the capital in the presence of former Indian football captain Baichung Bhutia where he spoke about his passion for game, his club and plans to write a book .The UEFA EURO 2012 trophy was recently unveiled in the capital in the presence of former Indian football captain Baichung Bhutia. We chatted up with the legendary sportsman and he excitedly said, \"The trophy is brought to India for the first time. It's a great initiative and we will offer enthusiast footballers to experience the game.\" When asked how he felt being addressed as former Indian football captain and Baichung confesses, \"Frankly, I had no regrets when I retired from the game. I had planned that I would retire but that doesn't mean that I would stop playing the game. I'm still active and have continued my passion for playing football but in a different format this time. I have formed my own club and have been grooming the young enthusiast footballers. Hence I would say the journey has just begun and it's not the end of the story. It hardly makes a difference if I'm addressed as former Indian captain. Yes, but initially I would feel a bit of pinch when media started addressing me as former Indian football captain immediately after my retirement. But that doesn't worry me at all. I feel a sportsman is always a sportsman whether you retire, play or not play. I have given my best and hope to do much better things that would help in promoting the game in future too.\"When asked why he decided to shift along with his family from Kolkata to Sikkim? Baichung replies, \"I moved to Sikkim now and have settled down there with my family, wife and three kids. I'm enjoying being back home. The main reason of shifting to Sikkim was because of my club activities. I felt that now it was more important to stay in Sikkim and give time here. My wife and kids have very well adjusted along with me. At the moment, my kids are too young and my younger kid is just four months hence my wife is busy looking after them.\" So does he miss staying away from the metro life and Baichung smiles, \" It hardly makes a difference. It's just a few hours journey and I can be in Kolkata whenever I want to. I have shifted to Sikkim but that doesn't mean that I have left Kolkata forever. I'm still in touch with my friends and whenever I get the opportunity I do make a visit.\"Ask Baichung whether he has any plans to write a book and he says, \" I want to .. but honestly speaking had never thought about it. I would love to pen down all my experiences and may be someday seriously give a thought to write a book.\" Ask whether he has been approached by any filmmakers to do a movie on his life and Baichung laughs, \" kaun aayega aur footballer par movie banaayega. I'm not a big person that any film producer would like to invest money on doing a story on me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12240410", "title": "TFDA to fight for assitant directors\u2019 cause", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telugu film directors have an issue to settle with producers regarding payment to co-directors, associate directors and assistant directors. Top on the agenda of the newly-elected body of the Telugu Film Directors' Association (TFDA), which will take over the reins of the association on March 14, is to get producers agree to a system whereby those working in the direction department are paid properly.As of now, co-directors, associate directors and assistants directors are left to the mercy of the producer with regard to payment. Since they are always looking for a break to become directors, which is important for their career, producers take advantage of their situation. The producers either do not pay them at all or deny them proper remuneration. \"We are thinking of bringing forward a proposal wherein the producer will have to necessarily pay all the members of the direction department. The amount will be formalised and also put down on paper in the form of an agreement,\" said director Dr L Srinath who was elected as vice-president of the TFDA in the elections held on March 11. Director V Sagar was re-elected president. The TFDA now plans to take up the issue of payment not only with Telugu Film Producers Council (TFPC) but also the A P Film Chamber of Commerce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12240490", "title": "An arresting slice of history", "text": "HYDERABAD: The City Museum, an extension of the Nizam's Museum at Purani Haveli, was thrown open to the public on Monday offering a riveting slice of history to its visitors. The museum showcases the chronological past of the city, peppered with rare photographic exhibits.One of them, a Circa 1937 sepia-tinted photograph of the old taxi stand at Afzalgunj shows a queue of taxis lined up on one side of the road. The taxi stand has turned into an auto stand today. Similarly, there is another rare photograph of Darulshifa, a hospital built by Quli Qutub Shah in 1595 that could accommodate 400 patients. The hospital that once catered to patients from various parts of the world has also been erased from the city's landscape.Amidst tracing the city's history, the museum also narrates some interesting anecdotes. Sample this. Why do all APSRTC buses have the letter Z on their registration plates? This dates back to the introduction of the bus service in 1936 when the VII Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan wanted to name the service after his mother Zehra Begum. However, he was advised against this and as a compromise, the letter Z was added on the number plates of all state buses.The multilingual farman dated September 1662 and 1659 as well as letters describing jewellery gifted by VI Nizam Mahbub Ali Pasha to the Keshavgiri temple during 1859 also find space in this one-of-its-kind museum. Besides, weights and measures from the Asaf Jahi period, coins from the Bahamani, Qutub Shahi and Asaf Jahi dynasties as well as illustrations of the precious miniature paintings of Golconda and Hyderabad add to its valuable collection. An attempt has been made to give a peek into the some of the best educational institutions in the city, the cuisine, cutlery, clothing style and jewellery worn during the royal era.While the general opinion was that there is a scope for improvement and much is missing, museum architect Anuradha Naik said, \"I was following a brief that was given to me by former prince Mufakkam Jah. The idea was to have a democratic display rather than a dictatorial one. This is a start. One cannot chronicle 4,000-year history in one room. The museum in its present form gives a glimpse into the city's past and present.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12240697", "title": "Viveka declares war on Jagan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Y S Vivekananda Reddy perceived to be ambivalent vis-a-vis Jagan under pressure from his extended family has finally taken a decision: to fight his nephew zealously and with no holds barred. \"The Congress party is my only family now and I will do anything for this family,\" Viveka told TOI on Monday.Out of media gaze ever since he contested the Pulivendula assembly bypoll last year and quit the cabinet after his defeat, Vivekananda Reddy says that all Congressmen have to fight hard to maintain the primacy of the party and made no bones about being an aspirant for the Rajya Sabha. \"I have worked very hard in Kadapa,\" he said adding that the Congress does not have a strong elected representative in the district to address the issues of the people. And not being an elected representative, I am finding it difficult to take up the issues bothering the people,\" YSR's brother told TOI. Vivekananda Reddy's term as MLC ended in 2011. Viveka, as he is commonly known, represented Kadapa in the Lok Sabha between 2004-09 but was forced to vacate his seat for Jagan. Under the shadow of his elder brother for long, Viveka had no option but to quit. Shortly after getting elected as MP in 2004, he was under pressure to vacate the post and only at the intervention of the high command could he continue.The Kadapa strongman said both Vijayamma and Jagan stopped talking to him long ago. \"But it does not matter so long as the Congress party is my own. The sympathy and YSR factors cannot last forever. Congress will bounce back by the time the elections are due in 2014,\" he asserted.Vivekananda Reddy said he has already met the Congress high command on the issue of being nominated to the Rajya Sabha. The former minister claimed that for the last 26 year or so of his political career, he has devoted every Monday to attending to the problems being faced by the people of his district. \"A lot of development that happened in the district has been due to my efforts though the credit went elsewhere,\" he pointed out.Recalling the tumultuous days after the death of YSR in September 2009, Vivekananda said he too had written to Congress president Sonia Gandhi recommending Jagan to be made the chief minister. \"However, I was taken aback when he decided to quit the Congress and float his own party. For me and for my brother YSR as well, there has been no other party except the Congress. In fact, the BJP (NDA government) had wooed YSR with the offer of a cabinet post at the Centre when the TDP was in power in the state but my brother refused as we will always be only Congressmen,\" he said.Asked if in his view whether Jagan could be arrested in the illegal assets case, Viveka said he did not know. \"Some of the accused in the case have been arrested. All I know is that Jagan too is an accused and the law will take its own course,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12242726", "title": "Panel moots 15K-20K pay for nurses", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The chairman of the expert committee appointed by the state government to study the problems faced by nurses in private hospitals Dr S Balaraman has said that he would recommend that nurses be paid at least Rs 15,000 to Rs 20,000 as monthly salary.Speaking to TOI on the sidelines of a sitting of the panel at the Government Nursing College on Monday, he said that the committee has found evidence contrary to the managements' claim that no bond system existed in hospitals. He said that private managements were not adhering to the 2009 pay structure. \"The nurses are being forced to work for long hours on a meager pay,\" he said. The committee also found that there were large number of unqualified nurses in the private hospitals. \"The nursing sector needs to be revamped. Nurses need to be motivated to give their best by ensuring a friendly working environment and better pay,\" he said.The committee will submit its findings along with a detailed report comprising existing service and salary pattern, job satisfaction, available infrastructure facilities, workload and total working hours and remuneration to the government. \"Our sitting will be over by March end. The report and recommendations will be submitted to government by end of April,\" he said.The committee will also monitor cases of dismissal of nursing staff for taking part in protests. \"Around ten such cases have come before us. We will handle each case in detail, and measures required for reinstating the dismissed staff will be taken,\" Balaraman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12241384", "title": "Moral reasoning with guru Sandel\u2019s gyaan", "text": "BANGALORE: Imagine you were driving a runaway trolley. The brakes have failed. Up ahead are five workers standing on the track. On a side track, there is one worker. You can turn the trolley into that track, killing the worker there, but the five workers on the main track would live. What should you do?\"This is how Michael Sandel, political philosopher and teacher of Harvard University's legendary course on Justice, begins his session at the Infosys Campus, Electronics City. Sandel's arrival coincides with the Infosys Prize adding the Humanities category to its roster. Sandel's sourcebook for the course, also titled \"Justice\" is now available in India.The venue is packed, with a 1500-strong audience crowding aisles and balconies, hanging on to every word. Sandel uses a highly interactive format, posing provocative questions and getting different answers, looking for different takes on his scenarios. \"When I was a student, I found some of those philosophers very difficult to get through,\" he says. His speech, as a sampler for the course, reflects the complexity of ethical and moral questions raised through thought experiments.From runaway trolleys, the conversation, and it is a conversation more than a speech or a lecture, moves to the questions on the usage of golf carts in golf championships. Sandel discusses the story of Casey Martin , a golfer with a leg problem. Martin wanted permission to use a golf cart during tournaments, something not allowed by the rules. Sandel asks - \"Should Martin be allowed the use of the cart?\" The answers come in \"Yes, he is handicapped,\" says one member of the audience. \"No, it changes the game, the exertion from walking from hole to hole is part of the game,\" says another. \"Golf is about the number of shots you take to get the ball in the hole,\" says a third. From here, the discussion moves on to the nature of the game - is golf just about getting the ball in the hole? Or does it involve the long walk across holes as well?Another point of discussion is Affirmative Action. \"We may not be able to agree on contentious issues, but we should be able to engage with each other,\" he says.Justice has many angles, not all are right. Excerpts from an interview.On the question of perspective of justice, given the example of collateral damage in the Iraq war and bonuses to executives in firms that got bailouts.There are different perspectives on justice, but it doesn't mean that every perspective is right. In the case of Iraq war, we have to try the best we can to determine whether it is a just war or not. If you look at the bailout, the Wall Street bankers who received their bonuses may have believed that they deserved them, but in fact they didn't deserve them, or at least you would have to challenge that claim. They came from the tax payer. They only received the bailout because they had been reckless in the first place and brought the financial system to the brink of ruin. They had made huge amounts of money when times were good, and when their reckless act brought about a financial crisis, the tax payers bailed them out. I would be inclined to say they didn't deserve the bonuses. And they didn't deserve those bonuses because they were paid for by taxpayers who simply tried to rescue the system from the irresponsible behaviour.Can one generation be morally responsible for righting the wrongs committed by a previous generation?That's the question: can I be morally responsible for righting the wrongs my grandfather made? Only now I'm discussing nations as a whole. And the conclusion I come to is, \"Yes, the present generation does have a responsibility to right the wrongs of a previous generation provided that there is some continuity in time. If we put it this way - if we can take pride in our country's past, then we should also be able to take responsibility for righting wrongs that were committed. How can we take pride in what happened generations ago, if we can't also recognize a shared responsibility for the wrongs that have been carried out by our country? The ideas go together.Some would say, even in principle, this generation cannot be held responsible for previous generations. That's a question of principle that we have to decide, whether there is such a thing as collective responsibility. And then we can ask \"Just how much am I responsible? What exactly must I do to make amends?\" These debates go on every time countries discuss reparations or public apologies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12248093", "title": "Where pollsters, astrologers fail, industrialist predicts poll outcome", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While most of pollsters and astrologers had failed to predict Punjab assembly election outcome, a top notch businessman of Punjab had predicted at least 62 seats for the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) and BJP coalition.\"The coalition will return with around 62 seats with BJP winning between 12 and 14 and rest being won by the SAD,\" CEO of Drish Shoes Ajay Sharma told The Times of India immediately after the January 30 polling. Ajay Sharma is also director-cum-secretary of Punjab Effluent Treatment Society, a special purpose vehicle of Punjab, handling pollution by the industry in the leather cluster of the country at Jalandhar.Surprisingly, he is known for not only predicting market trends but even the election result. His prediction has never gone wrong except in the case of the repeat of the Vajpayee government post India Shining campaign. Most shocking was Sharma's certainty on the number of seats for BJP whom everybody had written off going by the past trend of Congress gaining at the cost of BJP most elections.Though he refuses to reveal how he arrives at numbers saying it is a \"God-gifted gut feeling\", he says there is a link between how much space a political party gives to the genuine voice of the industry and the outcome in Punjab. The issue of the industry also has to be of common interest for all people, not of vested interest of individuals.There was a change in the attitude of the government in dealing with issues of the industry unlike during the previous government of the same regime, he said.At least a good number of business class voters saw reason in continuing the government for completing power projects, the biggest concern of the business.Sharma also had predicted that BJP will be able to retain their hold in the NRI belt and richest belt of Punjab, Doaba.What was again very interesting for the industry was that the Akalis for the first time just focused on a development agenda creating an impression that continuity may pay off in terms of growth of business in Punjab.Punjab assembly election Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12242502", "title": "Stringent punishment mooted for gender crimes", "text": "PUNE: The state government is looking at increasing the quantum of punishment for offences like molestation and eve-teasing, home minister R R Patil said here on Monday.\"The state government is also considering an increase in the number of courts in districts where crimes against women are high. These additional courts will help in speedy disposal of related cases,\" he said. A molestation case presently invites a punishment of two years' jail or fine or both while eve-teasing is punishable with a year's simple imprisonment.Patil was speaking during the inauguration of a three-day state-level workshop for members of women vigilance committees, jointly organised by the Pune police and the Maharashtra state commission for women. Pune police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar, secretary of the commission Shomita Biswas, additional commissioners of police Anant Shinde and Sureshkumar Mekala and deputy commissioner of police Rajesh Bansode were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12242063", "title": "2-year wait for food plaza continues...", "text": "LUDHIANA: The upcoming budget's announcement is not exciting rail commuters in the city. They rue that every rail budget promises to change many things but they are yet to see any sign of last year's promises being fulfilled.Residents sited that they were promised good food on all big stations, including Ludhiana. But even after two years, they are being forced to eat unhygienically prepared food.While commuters suffer, authorities have been justifying the delay. Asked about opening the food plaza, an official of the private company that is handling the project said, \"We have applied for power connection. The plaza can be opened to public only after the connection is given.\"Deputy station superintendent (commercial) Vijay Bhatia said, \"There is no problem on our part. We were asked to provide a clean passage for opening the plaza which we did several months ago.\"Commuters, however, say they are tired of the blame game. \"The city is known for its industry but when it comes to providing facilities nothing moves. It is pathetic that railway authorities are unable to even provide hygienic food to passengers,\" said Ashok Sharma, a businessman staying in Tagore Nagar. Kamal Jyoti, a student staying in Civil Lines, said, \"People should not eat anything at the station because of the poor quality and lack of hygiene in cooking it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245229", "title": "Why is Sumanth miffed?", "text": "Tollywood actor Sumanth has rubbished report on his multi-starrer film being his own production.He also clarifies that actor Nagarjuna's in no way related to the movie. He tweeted: \"Contrary to some reports, my next multi-starrer film is NOT my own production, and @ iamnagarjuna is not involved in it in any way/form.\"However, to cheer up fans he reveals his future venture saying, \"However, I am planning to produce/act in another film later this year. Scripting is underway. Details a little later...\"That should make Sumanth's fans happy. What say folks?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12240110", "title": "Small pubs have become magnets for troublemakers", "text": "GURGAON: Over the years, Gurgaon's pubs have been in the news for all the wrong reasons. To say that they have constantly been the centre of trouble won't be too much.Minor scuffles are an everyday affair in these places, and every once in a while this escalates to serious street fights and general hooliganism - as has happened on several occasions in the past, most recently on New Year's Eve, when an unruly group raised a ruckus right outside Sahara Mall.It is being alleged that Monday's case too - when a 23-year-old girl was gangraped near MG Road - could be traced back to a pub. The victim was in one of the pubs before the incident and, she claimed, so were the men accused of the crime.One can't blame the facility for a crime committed by individuals unrelated to it, but there is another aspect to this. Pub crimes to some extent, according to industry insiders, are a direct result of an unregulated pub culture, where checks-and-balances don't exist, and where the only motivation for pub owners is money.\"You have to understand one thing. Everyone knows which pubs in Gurgaon are the problem zones, and which ones aren't,\" said a manager of a leading pub in the city.The culprits here are mainly the small-scale pubs, which have snowballed in Gurgaon over the past few years. These pubs are based on prime locations, are generally affordable, and are open till 2 at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12240438", "title": "Shortage of drinking water puts govt in a fix", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Congress government on Monday was at the receiving end after its political ally MIM launched a scathing attack on the municipal administration minister M Maheedhar Reddy and his MA&UD; department for failing to end the drinking water woes of people in the city and its peripheral areas.A 'meek' reply by the minister that there was crisis only in the municipal circles of Qutubullapur, Alwal and Malkajgiri enraged members, including the lone Lok Satta party member, who accused the minister of failing to show sincerity and commitment in preparing contingency plans ahead of the summer.The government had promised to take up the Rs 1,680 crore Krishna drinking water supply project Phase-III on a war-footing. The minister's reply states that the project was under active consideration of the government. While we are asking for immediate remedial steps to mitigate the water woes of residents, the minister says they will try to bring more Krishna water to the city by 2017. What steps are you taking to help people in the city where the shortage is 100 Million Gallon Daily (MGD). Are you prepared to release more funds so that water can be supplied to residents through water tanks? We don't want any more invites to any of your review meetings. All we are asking is when and how will you ensure drinking water to residents? Please prepare an action plan for this summer, they said.Agitated MIM members stormed the well of the House and argued with the Speaker insisting on a categorical assurance from the government on the water crisis.MIM floor leader Akbaruddin Owaisi said lack of co-ordination between GHMC, water works and energy department was only aggravating people's woes. \"Even though there is water in the local reservoirs, irregular power cuts have become a norm. Officials of the water works department are speaking about water from Godavari, which is a distant dream for a variety of reasons. Even if it comes, it cannot meet the growing water needs in the city. We demand a probe into the spending of Rs 340 crore for laying pipelines for the Godavari water supply scheme in the city,\" he said.Congress member Ramreddy Damodar Reddy said there was severe water shortage even in Road No. 12 of Banjara Hills, just behind the chief minister's residence.Intervening during the 70-minute highly surcharged debate, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy made a categorical statement that the government would take all steps to complete Phase III of the Krishna project by May 2013.\"There is no shortage of funds. We will make alternate arrangements in areas reeling under severe water shortage. We will simultaneously take up the proposed project for bringing Godavari water into the city,\" he said. The BJP meanwhile, staged a walkout on the issue accusing the government of deliberately ignoring the drinking water needs of people in the city and its peripheral areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12240034", "title": "Pak intruder caught at border", "text": "JAISALMER: A Pakistani intruder was caught by the personnel of Border Security Force at Shahgarh area of Jaisalmer on Sunday night. The intruder is a Myanmar citizen and is being interrogated.According to sources, personnel of 153rd battalion of BSF at the international border adjoining Shahgarh Bulj area of Jaisalmer found some footprints indicating intrusion between Bhawani and KKDP.They started a search operation and caught the intruder at Langtala area. During interrogation, he identified himself as Syed Ahmed (52), a resident of Karachi . Later, he said that he was a citizen of Myanmar and that he had come to Pakistan in 1993. Now he wanted to go back to Myanmar and therefore he crossed the Indian border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12240269", "title": "'BJP leaders, minister involved in illegal mining'", "text": "INDORE: Former minister and member of the Wildlife Board Pushpraj Singh has alleged that some BJP leaders including a few ministers of the state cabinet are involved in illegal mining. \"There is a caucus within the state government which is preventing action against the mining mafia,\" alleged Pushparaj Singh during his visit to Indore on Monday.He said that there was no similarity or continuity in the statements issued by the chief minister, director general of police (DGP) and the mining minister after the death of IPS officer Narendra Kumar . He alleged, \"On the day of the killing of the IPS officer, chief minister reiterated that he will take action against the mining mafia, while the next day mining minister said investigation is on to identify the illegal miners and within 24 hours, the DGP said that there were mining mafia in the state\".The DGP's claim that there is no mafia in Madhya Pradesh is a misleading statement and it, \"Speaks volumes about the way the things are moving in the state government,\" he said.Referring to the harmful effects of illegal mining, he said that illegal mining has emerged as one of the biggest threats to forests in the state. Panna forest is one of the biggest examples. \"Except in National Park areas, the state government has been allowing mining in all other places. This has caused a huge damage to wildlife resulting in decrease in number of tigers in state. National tiger reserve forest needs buffer zones, forest corridors and forest link for safe movement of tigers,\" said Singh adding that tigers outside the reserve forests are need to be protected. Tigers can not be saved by just protecting national parks. We need a good forest and pray base for their survival and increase in population.Illegal mining is not only affecting wildlife, but it is also affecting the agricultural productivity of state, farmers and lives of tribal. \"Per square kilometer of agricultural land is on the decline in the state while areas for cattle grazing and livelihood of tribals are disappearing,\" said Singh adding that illegal mining is depriving people of their livelihood in far flung areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12241404", "title": "Crime branch to act as nodal agency to supervise cases", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra's poor conviction rate has been a matter of concern for the last few years. The National Crime Records Bureau's statistics show that in 2010 the conviction rate in the state was around 9%. City police authorities, who started brainstorming on the issue, too witnessed a fall in their conviction rate which plummeted from 66.3% in 2010 to 59.7% in 2011.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay, upbeat after the recent success in organizing the state-level police games, sounded eager to see the conviction rate move up under his leadership. Dhanvijay, a PhD in law, said that he may soon appoint a special officer from the crime branch entrusting him with the responsibility of monitoring the cases from the 23 police stations. The police stations would be told to send their cases to the crime branch for monitoring, said Dhanvijay who is expected to issue a circular to that effect soon.\"I intend to ensure that the serious cases - like the ones to be tried before the session's judges - are monitored by a special officer. This would streamline the lacuna in them,\" the city police chief added. He said that the officer concerned would be co-ordinating with the personnel investigating crimes from the different police stations and ensure that the critical cases do not go unsupervised before the court.\"We have often observed that the investigation officers take their cases lightly and remain absent from the court at crucial junctions of its advancements. This would now be monitored,\" said the CP who is also busy giving final shape to his book on the constitutional provisions on atrocities on women.It has been learnt that guidelines to monitor cases has been already issued to all the units in Maharashtra in 2008 from the office of the state director general of police. Different units have tried to implement the guidelines to certain extent but improvement in the conviction rate has remained elusive.A senior official said that hostilities among the witnesses and lack of a well-oiled system for their protection have been a major concern. \"Summons and warrants are often served but there is no system in place toprotect the interest of the witnesses. The inherent delays in the criminal justice systems also need to be addressed,\" he said.The senior officer felt the need for public prosecutors and the investigating officers to pull up their socks. \"The cases, many a times, are prepared just for the sake of it. No proper care is taken to gather evidences that could be the ground for conviction. The personnel should discuss the case to fix the loopholes. But such efforts are nil,\" Dhanvijay added.\"None of the officers are interested to study the acquitted cases which could serve as eye-openers,\" added the official.Another senior ranking official said that though law officers were engaged at the zonal level, their roles are yet to be defined. \"Police officials sideline these law officers and send the chargesheets without taking their advise. The post of the law officer was created for such a purpose but with no guidelines in place, the purpose behind the law officers' appointment is defeated, said the cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12241590", "title": "Minister talks tough, but cop killers still free", "text": "KOLKATA: The murderers of a Kolkata Police constable continue to roam free four days after they attacked him and a day after he died in hospital despite several witnesses identifying them as local youths and the cop's family naming them in the FIR.On Monday, just over 24 hours after Asim Kumar Dam had succumbed to injuries sustained during a brutal attack by drunken youths who barged into his Birati home on Holi and tried to molest his 22-year-old niece, the city's custodians of law and governance seemed more interested in scoring political points than nabbing the culprits. State transport minister Madan Mitra visited Dam's family in the morning and pinned the blame on goons backed by the CPM.But his assurance of stern action, close on the heels of a similar pledge by Cabinet colleague and local MLA Chandrima Bhattacharya the previous night, rang hollow as police continued to grope in the dark. Though some local youths were detained, the hunt for the culprits made little headway.Local residents and Dam's family members said on Monday the seven accused of the murder - brothers Abhijit, Jabar and Biswajit Ghosh, Tapan Chandra, Panka Dutta, Debu Mukherjee and Kuntal Chakraborty - were seen in the locality till Saturday. \"We had named all seven in the FIR filed on Friday morning. But we can't understand why the police still haven't been able to make any arrests,\" wondered Kamal Dhar, Dam's brother-in-law. A senior police officer said, \"The attackers may have fled the area. Raids are being conducted to nab them and police stations in adjoining areas have been alerted. Some persons are being questioned. We expect the culprits to be arrested soon.\"But the real story, as some local residents pointed out, may lie in the fact that all seven suspects have links with the thriving real estate trade in the area and share a bonhomie with police and politician alike.Attackers CPM men: MadanMitra, though, said the youths identified as the culprits were CPM supporters. \"I have spoken to the family. The chief minister has already been briefed. I will consult her further. It was learnt that those who attacked Dam and his family members were known as CPM supporters in the locality. Though the CPM has been thrown out of power, their party goons' habits haven't changed and they are still committing murders,\" Mitra said. One among the accused is the brother of a CPM local committee member.But the minister, perhaps, wasn't aware that Airport police station inspector-in-charge Deba Prasanna Pan, who is already facing a departmental inquiry for refusing to act on the initial March 9 complaint (the FIR was eventually accepted the next day) was also the North 24-Parganas district chief of the CPM-affiliated non-gazetted Police Karmachari Samiti. Pan had defended police's day-long inaction in spite of a heinous attack on a colleague, saying the complaint only referred to a land dispute as motive for the attack, and not eve-teasing. After Dam's death on Sunday, his 22-year-old niece and brothers Sekhar and S o m n at h , lodged another complaint for eve-teasing and murder.While refusing to admit the March 9 FIR, police were quick to point out that Dam's brother Sekhar was a small-time real estate agent himself and had a tiff with the suspects over a plot of land. But in their hastiness to ascribe a motive for the attack, the Airport police chose to ignore why Dam - and not Sekhar - would face the brunt of the attack and what could have caused it. They even chose to ignore the fact that incident had taken place in front of many witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12242138", "title": "Independents to play major role in Rajya Sabha polls", "text": "RANCHI: Independent MLAs of Jharkhand assembly, who hold key to Rajya Sabha election, have started bargaining for their votes. Notification for two seats in the upper House of Parliament, which will become vacant on April 2, was issued on Monday. Voting will take place on March 30.Independents and smaller parties will have their say in the victory of any candidate because no single party has 27 MLAs, required to secure a berth in the Rajya Sabha, in the 81-member assembly. At present, one seat is vacant.The BJP and the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha has 18 members each in the assembly. The Congress and the Jharkhand Vikas Morcah-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) has 13 and 11 legislators, respectively. The JVM-P has already announced its candidate.Any candidate who wants to win the election will have to get support of the independent MLAs and some smaller parties like the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) and the Ajsu Party. While the RJD and the Ajsu Party has five members each, there are six independent legislators.Bishunpur MLA Chamra Linda said he would support the candidate who has a clear vision for development of the state. \"A person who can pump money for construction of libraries and health centres from his MP Local Area Development Fund to development activities based on the need of local people and also help boost industrial investment,\" said Linda.Another Independent legislator and former HRD minister Bandhu Tirkey shared the sentiments expressed by Linda. \"I would request all the MLAs to use their mind and heart judiciously and vote for a person who is from the state and has the zeal to work for people of Jharkhand. We should vote for a candidate who has an orientation for development,\" said Tirkey.A senior leader from the Congress recalled that in the past two elections those candidates had won a seat in the Upper House who had support of independent MLAs. \"This time again, they (independents) have the key to Rajya Sabha election and will definitely exploit their position to the fullest as they have been doing in the past,\" said the Congress leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12241206", "title": "March 14 tagged as Krishak Divas", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee will visit Nandigram on March 14 to commemorate the death of 14 people who were killed in police firing back in 2007. Also, her government has decided to observe the day as Krishak Divas (Farmers' Day) in the state.Making the announcement at Writers' Buildings, the chief minister said on Monday, \"This is a historic decision. Nandigram and Singur are symbolic of farmers' movement in Bengal. I would go to Nandigram on March 14 to observe the first Krishak Divas. We can't have an elaborate meeting because of the board examinations this year, we will line up a host of programmes next year to pay tribute to those who lost their lives in the movement.\"We are a pro-farmer government and we are here to protect the interest of the farmers.\"However, political observers see the chief minister's clarion call to stand by the farmers as the strategy to woo voters in the upcoming panchayat polls. Currently, the Trinamool Congress government is facing severe criticism in light of the spate of farmer suicides in the state. A large section of the society and analysts are blaming the government's agricultural mismanagement for the suicides. Mamata's decision to observe March 14 as Krishak Divas seems to be a ploy to take the wind out of the Left Front's campaign against the government.While conducting the press conference on Monday, Mamata also highlighted a poster by a cooperative bank which threatened to attach properties of farmers who couldn't repay the loan. \"This poster is in line with an Act passed by the Left Front. We have decided to amend the West Bengal Cooperative Societies Act, 2006, to protect the farmers from such harmful steps,\" she assured.\"We have lodged an FIR against the bank manager (Pranab Bhuniya) who has printed this poster,\" the chief minister added.Police firing on anti-land acquisition for a chemical hub by the Indonesian Salim group had resulted in the death of 14 people at Nandigram in East Midnapore on March 14, 2007, while several others sustained bullet injuries. The subsequent outcry saw peasants and the civil society rallying around Mamata against the Left Front whose popularity starting waning with the Singur lathicharge on farmers and then the Nandigram firing. The 34-year rule eventually came to an end last year when the Trinamool Congress led by Mamata won the historic assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12240482", "title": "Land sharks eye Oora lake as govt looks away", "text": "HYDERABAD: After the Rukn-ud-Dawlah lake in Shivarampally, it is the turn of Oora lake to face threat from land grabbers. Locals allege that frantic land-levelling activity is on in the village for the last two weeks and they fear that the lake will disappear if the government does not intervene immediately.The lake, popularly known as Oora Cheruvu, covers an area of 8 to 10 acres. It was constructed to meet the irrigation requirements of the surrounding areas and is connected to other lakes. Experts rue that construction has been rampant around many lakes even as authorities have turned mute spectators.Locals allege that in a bid to usurp the lake, land grabbers have conveniently destroyed the information slab that stood at the mouth of the lake. According to them, much of it has happened recently.\"There was a lot of greenery on the edges of the lake. There was also a slab which had technical details about the lake written on it. But now all that is history. The land has been levelled by dumping construction debris reducing the lake to a pond,\" said Rangaiah, a local, adding that construction has been going on in the area for the last one year.Meanwhile, civil society activists blame the government for not doing enough to protect the lakes of the city. \"Every lake has a Full Tank Level (FTL) within which any construction is illegal. While the details of the Oora lake were inscribed on the slab, the demarcations on the ground were not carried out. We apprised the authorities of the need to do the same on several occasions in the light of increasing construction activity but little has been done,\" informs Jasveen Jairath of Save Our Urban Lakes ( SOUL). She added that with the disappearance of the water body, the ground water level would decrease and the temperatures in the area would increase simultaneously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12239401", "title": "Katju: Spare scribes, pull up porngate legislators", "text": "NEW DELHI: Press Council chairman Markandey Katju has urged the Karnataka Speaker to withdraw probe against media persons who reported on the state's porngate scandal and instead take stringent action against the legislators.In a letter to Speaker K G Bopaiah, Katju said, \"I would therefore request you to reconsider your decision and withdraw the proceedings against the media persons, and instead take strong action against the MLAs who have brought disgrace to the House.''He added that the inquiry committee constituted by the House was well within its right to ask questions \"to ascertain correct facts about this sordid affair\". \"But from what I could gather, the question being asked give the impression that the media persons are being treated as an accused of some offence, and are being grilled accordingly,'' he said.Three MLAs of the Karnataka assembly were filmed watching porn in the House. Katju said he felt that such proceedings against media persons jeopardized the freedom of the media guaranteed as a fundamental right by the Constitution, and sought to create an impression that it was the media which had brought the House into disrepute rather than the MLAs involved.\"The media is an agency of the people to give them this information. Hence, I do not see what wrong the media has done by telecasting the watching of porn by the MLAs in the House. To my mind, the media were only doing their duty to the people of informing them of the shameful manner in which some of their representatives were behaving,\" Katju said.He said all proceedings in an assembly must be freely telecast and reported so that the people know how their representatives are behaving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12240512", "title": "Mayor condemns poor citizen services", "text": "HYDERABAD: Citizen Service Centres (CSC) at municipal offices are mere show pieces?They have become mere inward counters with many services, including relevant application forms, not being available and public grievances piling up. These things were noticed by mayor Mohd Majid Hussain and commissioner MT Krishna Babu during their surprise visit to the L B Nagar municipal circle office on Monday.Expressing their unhappiness over functioning of the CSC, they said their very purpose was defeated because of apathy on the part of the deputy commissioner and the zonal commissioner. \"The reason behind establishing CSC is to discourage direct contact between officials and general public, which breeds corruption.\"However, it appears that the officials do not want to remove the existing 'broker' system by misusing the services of CSC,\" the mayor remarked. Both the mayor and the commissioner instructed the LB Nagar deputy commissioner to keep all the relevant forms to get EPIC cards such as Form-6 at the centres and immediately clear the pending grievances. Mohd Majid Hussain said surprise inspections would be continued and directed officials to serve the public or choose some other profession if they were not able to deliver services to the citizens properly.The mayor directed officials to be in office between 3 pm and 5 pm every day to receive grievances from citizens. Earlier, the mayor and the commissioner visited Sainagar near Nagole where a fire accident occurred on Saturday. They announced that the GHMC would construct temporary houses and toilets for the immediate relief of the victims.They said L B Nagar MLA Sudheer Reddy would shortly hold a meeting with the victims and accordingly GHMC would take up work on war-footing. They said since it was government land, they would construct temporary houses and GHMC would construct pucca houses under housing schemes provided revenue authorities take a decision on the allotment of land.The mayor and the commissioner appreciated relief work by the GHMC staff immediately after the fire accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12239965", "title": "Journalism students of Ravenshaw protest shortage of teachers", "text": "CUTTACK: Journalism and mass communication students of Ravenshaw University launched an indefinite hunger strike from Monday to protest acute shortage of teachers in the department. The agitating students alleged there are only two teachers to cater to 128 students of the course. The shortage of teachers is affecting the functioning of the department.\"Journalism course was started in the varsity a decade ago but till now the department is functioning with only two teachers. We have appealed to the varsity authorities a number of times to recruit more teachers but they are not paying any heed to our demands,\" said Bikram Keshari Jena, an agitating student.\"Due to shortage of teachers, classes are not being held properly. The syllabus is not completed on time and students are facing lots of problems but the authorities are not at all worried about our future,\" said Trilochan Jena, another student. \"The hunger strike will continue till our demands are fulfilled,\" Jena added.The students also complained that the department lacks basic infrastructure such as adequate classrooms, computer room and library. At least 12 students are on the hunger strike to press for their demands.Varsity authorities claimed measures are being taken to resolve the issue. \"Shortage of faculty is a long-standing problem of the varsity and measures are being taken to resolve it by recruiting new teachers,\" said an official of the varsity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12241513", "title": "Farooq part of J&K; cricket scam: PDP", "text": "SRINAGAR: People's Democratic Party leader Mehbooba Mufti on Monday demanded an FIR against Union minister Farooq Abdullah, claiming she possesses a letter signed by him to a bank manager that seeks loans in the name of a J&K; Cricket Association official sacked on charges of corruption.Mehbooba called for investigations into Abdullah's role while speaking to reporters after the Speaker, M Akbar Lone, refused PDP's demand for the issue to be discussed in the House. \"The fresh case of embezzlement of Rs 50 crore in the state cricket association is only the tip of the iceberg. Two office bearers were sacked but, JKCA is headed by Farooq Abdullah. There should be an FIR against him,\" Mehbooba said. \"When FIR was registered against Suresh Kalmadi then why not against Abdullah?\" she asked.BCCI had allocated Rs 50 crore to JKCA for construction of two cricket stadiums, one in Srinagar and another in Jammu, besides one cricket academy in Srinagar. Abdullah, who has been charged with seeking a Rs 1.5 crore loan for the sacked official, said he did not authorize any loan in any individual capacity and that it was raised on the basis of a unanimous resolution passed by the JKCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12242262", "title": "Property dealer executed in gangland style", "text": "NAGPUR: In a gangland style attack, a man in his thirties was shot dead from point blank range in a well-known hotel at MIDC Hingna on Monday evening. Four masked youths came in a Nano car without number plates and fired two rounds outside the hotel at victim Manjit Singh alias Monty Gulhar as he was walking out of the Great Maratha hotel with a girl. When Manjit ran inside to save himself, the youths followed him and pumped two more bullets into him near hotel reception. One hit him in the stomach while another was shot square between the eyes. They also stabbed the victim who died on the spot.Before the people present could realize what was happening, the youths fled and the girl with him went missing. However, within hours of the incident Kelvad police intercepted their vehicle as it tried to go through the village road. Police said they were first spotted at Saoner but managed to dodge the cops. The city police had broadcast a lookout notice for the car based on description obtained from the hotel guard. That helped rural police identify and pin them down. Four alleged assailants are now in custody of MIDC police.The cops learnt from them that the yet unidentified girl was also into the plot and had pointed out victim's location to the assailants for mere Rs 600. The crime was a result of an earlier dispute. MIDC police said the waiters and receptionists witnessed the shooting but failed to intervene. The CCTV cameras installed at the ground floor, which would have helped the cops in investigations, were also not functioning.Manjit, a resident of Vithoba Nagar, Jaripatka, would help his father Kulwant Singh in their transport business and ran a property dealership of his own. Relatives said Kulwant's transport business is doing well. Manjit left his home on his bike on Monday morning. Police sources said that he was last seen with the girl riding pillion on his bike. It is learnt the girl stays in the same locality.Hotel staff told police that he and the girl reached there around 6.30 pm. \"The couple enjoyed some liquor and snacks and where leaving about 7.20 pm,\" said an eyewitness. Manjit was walking towards his bike while the girl was talking on her cell phone when four youths came in a silver coloured Nano and started firing.Police found two empty bullet cases at the porch of the hotel and two more where Manjit was actually killed. None of the eyewitnesses, however, could tell where the girl went. Some claimed Manjit asked her to run away as he was being attacked while others said she went with the assailants.Police sources also said that Manjit had some offences registered at Jaripatka and Pachpaoli police stations. \"A fortnight ago, he had stabbed a person named Diwakar Kottulwar over some property disputes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12243793", "title": "Mayawati files nomination for Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati filed her nomination for the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday. She filed her nomination papers in the Lucknow assembly.The BSP chief had earlierheld a meeting of party leaders to discuss the coming biennial polls to the Upper House .The former Uttar Pradesh chief minister held a meeting with party MPs, MLAs and office-bearers and discussed the Rajya Sabha elections.She gave necessary directions to them, party leaders said.Speculation had been rife about Mayawati entering the Rajya Sabha from the state.At the meeting, Mayawati also took feedback from her party leaders on the just-concluded assembly election in the state.She asked them to brace themselves for future challenges like playing the role of the main Opposition in the state and facing the next Lok Sabha election.Mayawati has been holding meeting of her party leaders for the past three days following BSP's dismal performance in the state assembly election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12239777", "title": "Kanimozhi allowed to attend session", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court on Monday allowed DMK MP Kanimozhi, who is facing trial for her alleged role in the 2G scam , to participate in the ongoing Budget session of Parliament.Special CBI judge O P Saini allowed Kani's plea after the CBI did not oppose it.\"It is submitted by Kanimozhi that she is a member of the RS and Budget session of Parliament is commencing and she may be allowed to attend the same to which senior public prosecutor (of the CBI) has no objection She is permitted to attend the session subject to the condition that her identity shall not be disputed and her counsel shall remain present in the court for participating in the court proceedings and shall actually participate in the court proceedings,\" the special judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244284", "title": "After superheroes it\u2019s survivors for Anubhav", "text": "The RA.One director will fulfill his long cherished dream of becoming producer by floating a new franchise titled 'Help'. He has already bought the rights of two German and one Spanish films for itHe may have directed Shah Rukh Khan's superhero magnum opus RA.One but Anubhav Sinha has now trained his sights on becoming a producer. Mirror has learnt that Sinha is all set to float a franchise by the name 'Help', under which he plans on making at least one film every year, bearing the title 'Help' and a tag line describing the film. Interestingly, these flicks will be modelled on the lines of the survival series, a genre that has always fascinated Sinha. Kick starting the ambitious venture, the director-turned-producer has bought the rights of two German films and one Spanish film, and will begin shooting for his first film by April.When contacted, Sinha confirmed the news, saying, \"Yes, I am starting this franchise. I call them survival films, a genre I have been very intrigued by. They will all be high concept films and I have already zeroed in on two of them that are German. Of these, one I am starting almost immediately. But apart from Offenes Wasser, I would not like to give out the names of these films although I have bought the rights.\"Incidentally, Offenes Wasser is based on a real-life story of a group of youngsters who got trapped in a sea infested by sharks and how a few of them actually managed to survive. Sinha added, \"There is one more film, which will be my second installment in the 'Help' series, which too I will start this year. It is based on a Spanish film.\"Waxing eloquent about the technology to be used in his films, Sinha explained, \"I will be making these films in 3D and I insist that this is the next level of 3D technology. It is a 3Ality, the latest 3D shooting technology in the world. It will change the 3D experience in the country. The film will feature mostly newcomers and we are in the process of locking its star cast.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "jamnia (dhar)", "code": "12240188", "title": "Jamnia keeps date with 700-year-old tradition", "text": "JAMNIA (DHAR): It was a 'Royal Holi' at Jamnia village some 50 km from Indore on Rangpanchami on Monday. People from 86 villages turned up in their traditional attire to celebrate the festival of colours with their king \"Raja\". They danced to the tunes of folk songs and resolved to bury the hatchet once and for all.\"They come in groups. Every village represents each group which plays Holi with fervour and enthusiasm with the Raja,\" said Raje Shaliwar Singh, the 'King' of Jamnia. And on the occasion, the Raja held darbar in which the villagers danced and sang paeans about him in the darbar. In return, the Raja offered bidi, bhang laced sweet, sharbat and blessings to the revellers. \"It is the love and affection of the people that has kept 700-year-old tradition alive,\" Singh said, adding that there are no more kingdoms in the country, but the people have respect for age-old tradition. The tradition is not just restricted to celebrations. It is also an occasion for predicting future and prosperity. Singh said farmers judge rainfall on the basis of colours thrown at the Raja. \"The colours at Raja and rainfall have a link. People believe the more colourful the Raja is, the more rain god will be generous,\" Singh said.The festival also affords them an opportunity to gather and celebrate. \"The beauty of the tradition is that there are no dividing lines of religion, cast and creed. We start the celebration in morning after offering colours on the mazar of Pir Baba,\" Singh said, adding that these songs are nothing but the history about Jamnia. Interestingly, in India most of our histories are in folk songs. Singh said the beauty about the celebration is that there is no formal invite and all are welcome.\"Even today people come to celebrate with me and this affection has forced me to continue the tradition,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12240736", "title": "Tainted officer given charge of crucial post", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The state government seems to be bending over backwards in a move to 'repay' its gratitude to megastar Chiranjeevi and his former PRP legislators. In what amounts to a controversial decision, the government has handed the duty of additional commissioner of labour to a tainted official, Suryaprakash Rao, who is presently a joint commissioner at Eluru.The post of additional commissioner fell vacant last month following the retirement of HK Nagu and the government hurriedly brought in Suryaprakash Rao to take charge of upon pressure from a former PRP (now Congress) legislator from West Godavari district.Ironically, the government dropped nearly 40 charges against Suryaprakash before giving him the important assignment.Curiously, the government had to divest IAS officer B Kishore of additional charge to hand over the job to Suryaprakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12239781", "title": "Police help sought to stop STP works", "text": "HYDERABAD: Civil society groups on Monday sought police intervention to stall work on the Sewerage Treatment Plant (STP) being built in the Taj Banjara lake. Construction activity has not stopped at the site despite restraining orders issued by Chandana Khan, principal secretary, tourism, about 10 days ago.On Monday morning contract workers of the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) were busy laying a concrete base on the lake bed. However, they left the place when activists raised a hue and cry about the violation of rules. Those fighting to save this water body fear that work might soon resume. \"It turns out that these people were doing the work during the late hours of the day. Even on Sunday night we had to call the Banjara Hills police to restrain the labourers from carrying out their work,\" said Jasveen Jairath, founder convener of Save Our Urban Lakes ( SOUL), who filed an official complaint with the police on Monday against the erring contractor. She added: \"Unless strict measures are taken by the authorities concerned such illegal activities will not stop.\"Following complaints from local residents and activists, Chandana Khan had visited the Taj Banjara lake on March 3. After inspecting the site, she had not only directed GHMC to immediately stop all STP-related work being carried out on the water body but even called for setting up a special committee to look into the matter. The committee, under the chairmanship of GHMC special commissioner Navin Mittal, is expected to study the STP project and submit a detailed report in a month's time.Municipal authorities, however, maintained there were no orders from the principal secretary on stopping of STP work. While they said that no work at the site has been on for the last few days, they claim that a written directive to stall construction activity at the lake has not been handed over to the department. \"When we were informed about the work on Monday morning we directed the contractors to pull out of the site,\" said R Dhan Singh, engineer-in-chief, GHMC though adding, \"We have only been told not to touch the lake. We can, however, carry on with the STP work that is outside the water spread.\"Mittal put the blame on the private contractors and said that they were executing the work without the knowledge of GHMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245151", "title": "Window to the world", "text": "Andrew Sortwell, regional manager for South Asia, University of Cambridge International Examinations (CIE), that offers the IGCSE programme, speaks to Ruchi Chopda on the sky-high fees at international schools and CIE's view on inclusive educationQ- What are the features of an IGCSE education that set it apart from an IB Diploma education?Cambridge IGCSE is the world's most popular international qualification for 14 to 16-year-olds. The International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme is aimed at students aged 16-19. A number of schools, in India and around the world, offer both programmes and find them very compatible.The IB programme requires students to cover a wide range of subject areas. At Cambridge, we design our programmes and qualifications to be flexible-over 70 subjects in any combination-and easy to integrate with other national curricula and systems. In 2008, we launched a cross-curricular course, Cambridge IGCSE global perspectives, which encourages learners to develop skills that universities value - the ability to conduct independent study, explore topics and make connections between subjects.Q- Though IGCSE is gaining popularity in India, many parents are still concerned over the high fees at international schools. Your comments.This is a school management issue. Schools are responsible for setting their own fee structure. We are a not-for-profit organisation and our key priority is to maintain standards of excellence. This means we need to continually invest in our services such as high-quality teaching materials, training, creating innovative test papers and ensuring we are well resourced to help schools throughout the examination process.Q- Many students, who pursue an international (IB/ IGCSE) education at the school level, find it hard to adjust to the Indian university system. Do you plan to align the IGCSE education with the Indian university system to make it easier for IGCSE students who want to pursue their higher studies in India itself?Students following a Cambridge international programme should be well prepared for study at universities overseas and in India. Many universities in India and around the world welcome skilled international students. Qualifications like Cambridge IGCSE and Cambridge International A Level help students develop skills like creative thinking, enquiry and problem solving.We know that university recognition of Cambridge programmes and qualifications is a top priority for schools, learners and parents in India. Our recognition consultant in India, Anil Bakshi, and our recognition team in Cambridge continue to work closely with universities and higher education institutions in India to smooth the progression path for Cambridge learners.Q- What are the parameters that the CIE looks at before a school can offer an IGCSE education? Is there a list of recognised schools?We take great care when we take on a school for the first time. We have a four-step registration process, which includes: 1. An expression of interest from a school in becoming a Cambridge school. 2. We contact the school to find out more about them and their learners. 3. Inspection of the school to find out about its approach - we look at the school's approach to management and leadership, teaching and learning, its educational values and the physical environment. 4. The final step of the school joining Cambridge. For a full list of the Cambridge International Centre in India, parents can visit www.cie.org.uk/ countries/india/schoolsQ- There is a lot of debate over inclusive education in India. How encouraging is the CIE of students with special needs?We would encourage inclusive education in all Cambridge schools. We work with schools to take students' needs into account and have a range of options for students with special needs to make sure they are not disadvantaged in the exam - for instance, allowing extra time to complete their paper.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "station ghanpur (warangal)", "code": "12240687", "title": "Congress going all out for campaign on a sticky wicket", "text": "STATION GHANPUR (WARANGAL): Even as the wind is blowing against the party, Congress has deployed its entire arsenal to keep its candidate Rajarapu Pratap smiling. As the campaigning picked up momentum in the Station Ghanpur constituency, Pratap is going all-out to match his high-profile opponents-TRS candidate T Rajaiah and former minister and TDP candidate Kadiyam Srihari. Daida Elishan of CPM and Bhaskula Thakur, independent, are also vying for honours.The Congress has deployed party chief whip and district party president Gandra Venkataramana Reddy, ministers Ponnala Lakshmaiah and B Saraiah, MP S Rajaiah and senior leaders in Station Ghanpur to canvass for Pratap. The leaders are touring villages and trying to woo voters with promises of implementing more government schemes. Sources said PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana and chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy would tour the constituency on March 15.The Telangana Rashtra Samithi is not staying far behind either. Approaching the voters with separate Telangana slogan, Siddipet MLA T Harish Rao is undertaking padayatras in every village. Taking the election as a prestige issue, TRS is sparing no effort to ensure record victory for Rajaiah who had quit in support of Telangana demand. Party cultural wing activists are conducting dhoom-dham programmes across the constituency to lure rural voters. Party chief K Chandrasekhar Rao is scheduled to tour the area on March 13.TDP has also chalked out a well thought-out campaign strategy to upset TRS game plans this time around. Four party MLAs and Rajya Sabha MP G Sudharani are working hard to see that Srihari emerges victorious in the by-polls. Srihari had lost the 2009 general elections.Party chief Chandrababu Naidu , who had a successful tour of the Palakurthy segment in January first week, will campaign for Srihari on March 14. Sources said TDP is planning to offer money packages to the families of those who sacrificed their lives for Telangana cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12240783", "title": "CII can help government give students tablet PCs: CM", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday spoke about providing tablet computers to students.\"We can think of giving tablet computers to students of Class V and we will need your help,\" Parrikar told members of Confederation of Indian industry (CII) at its Goa council's annual day function held in a city hotel on Monday evening.Just a few months ago, India launched the world's cheapest tablet computer.Stating that he didn't want to part with the education portfolio, the chief minister said he intends to provide all government primary schools with water supply and basic toilets by April 2013. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240854", "title": "Nigerian arrested in Goa for selling cocaine worth Rs 10L", "text": "PUNE: A 35-year-old Nigerian was arrested at the Baga Market in north Goa for selling cocaine worth Rs 10 lakh to a Pune-based real estate agent. The operation was jointly conducted by the Pune and Goa police on Sunday.On March 6, the Pune crime branch had arrested Harkatsingh alias Chotu Indrajeetsingh Gathode and Ashraf alias Niya Abdul Jalil Thakur near JJ Garden in Pune Cantonment with cocaine. Gathode (21) is a real estate agent and a resident of Brahma Avenue in Kondhwa. Ashraf, also 21 years old, lives in Bhagyodaynagar in Kondhwa. The value of the seized cocaine is Rs 10 lakh in the Indian market but in the international marker it is worth Rs 70 lakh. Gathode's car worth Rs 1.5 lakh was seized for allegedly using it in the crime.Gathode told the police that one Christopher Nwabueze supplied him the drugs. The police found that Christopher Nwabueze aka Gabriel is a Nigerian by birth and lives at Saaligao in Bardez taluka of Goa. A team led by assistant police inspector Arvind Gokule left for Goa on March 9 along with Gothade.Gokule said, \"On March 11, we sent Gothade to Christopher as a decoy for purchasing cocaine. The Nigerian told Gathode to meet him at a place in Baga. He, however, saw the police and tried to run away on his two-wheeler but got arrested.\"Christopher had come to India on a business visa on August 27, 2011, but investigations show that he was visiting Goa regularly since 2003 for selling cocaine. During questioning, Christopher claimed that he was not involved in drugs but was a garment trader.The police have seized Christopher's passport and driving licence. His name on the licence is 'Gabriel'. However, photographs on both the documents are similar. The police suspect that a few more Nigerians may be involved in drug-peddling.The Pune Cantonment court on Monday sent Christopher to police custody till March 21.A case against all the suspects was registered under sections of the Narcotics Drugs and Pyschotropic Substances Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "lucknow/ballia", "code": "12246137", "title": "Ballia fake encounter case: FIR against 17 UP cops", "text": "LUCKNOW/BALLIA: An FIR has been registered against 17 policemen, including three sub-inspectors, by Crime Branch-CID in Ballia fake encounter case, police said here on Tuesday.An FIR has been registered on Monday against 17 policemen in July 2005 Ballia fake encounter case, Ubhaon Station Officer Anil Kumar Singh said.The move came after the agency in its inquiry, conducted on the direction of the National Human Rights Commission, had found that the policemen shot dead 21-year-old Tejan alias Tej Bahadur, an intermediate student, in the fake encounter in Saha Kundla village at Ubhao area in Ballia on July 11, 2005.Among the accused is Sushil Pandey, the then in-charge of Ubhaon police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12242163", "title": "'Indian students not ready for jobs immediately after college'", "text": "NAGPUR: A majority of Indian students are not ready for taking up jobs immediately after graduating from the college, feels Trade and Investment adviser of British Trade Office in Pune John Bunter. He was interacting with the media on Monday on United Kingdom universities visit to the city on April 26-27. He was accompanied by NIT Graduate School of Management director Y Mohit Kumar.\"These renowned universities are interested in offering their programmes in this part of the country which will bridge the existing gap of the students who otherwise join classes to gain additional skills for getting a job,\" he said.Justifying his comments, Bunter said UK universities were considered as top class globally and their education would help the students from India tremendously. \"The entry of these institutions will help not only the students, but also the colleges,\" he said.Bunter added that UK universities would offer opportunities, including developing partnerships in areas of under- and postgraduate programmes, staff training, off shore campus, faculty development, student internship or work placement opportunities, licensing or franchising curriculum, student exchange, employability, skill development and finishing school.Kumar, who was part of the Indian delegation that visited the UK universities, stated that a delegation of 15 UK universities' representatives would arrive for the event. \"We are planning to invite state minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope and other renowned personalities associated with the field of education. The idea is to discuss and establish educational partnerships in the areas of engineering, management, arts, and health care,\" he said.He said that in October last year, the British Trade Office took a delegation from Pune, Aurangabad and Nagpur to London and Yorkshire. Several British universities and institutes expressed interest in collaborating with the Indian counterparts. Besides Kumar, Ramdeobaba College of Engineering and Management principal VS Deshpande and VMIT director Jayant Gangreddiwar were part of that delegation.\"An outcome of that is a prospective collaborative partnership between our college and Staffordshire University, Stirling University, Wolverhampton University and Bournemouth and Poole College,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12242304", "title": "Karate teacher stresses on brain power for self-defence", "text": "RANCHI: With increasing cases of eve-teasing and rape in the capital, girls do not feel safe anymore on the streets. They have started thinking that martial art skill can protect them from the offenders.But karate teacher Rajesh Singh, a Black Belt holder, does not agree. \"Karate cannot alone help you. If you know karate but you do not have the courage or the will power to attack your enemy, it is not going to help you\", he said.Singh, who teaches karate in seven schools in Ranchi for 15 years, said many girls came to him for learning karate but they discontinued after a year or two because of family pressure or simply because their friends laugh at them. Singh said, \"I had a very good student but she was made to quit karate by her family after she sprained her hand while performing a move. Same is the condition with many girls. I don't say karate will protect you but at least if you are smart enough you will know how to move.\"Singh along with his colleagues had started \"project Shakti\" for women empowerment which was a three-day programme in which he taught girls how to protect themselves with simplest moves. \"The whole theme of the project was to develop confidence in girls and to teach them tricks that would help them out in a tight situation,\" said Singh.According to the karate teacher, the smartest way of getting out of a tight situation is using one's brain. \"Even if you are carrying a knife or chilli powder in your bag, by the time you take it out, the other person will dominate,\" said Singh.Sharing some of the self-defence tricks, Singh said, \"Attack their eyes, nose, groin or joints as these are the weakest parts of one's body. If you can reach his nose, bite it hard. If you have a hair clip, poke it in his eyes.\"\"The boy should not just fear you; he should be scared to death. Take the form of 'Ranchandi' (a form goddess Kali ). The best trick is spit hard on his face, he will be taken by surprise and you can run away\", said Singh. \"At the end, it will be your courage and brain that will save you and not any certificate of martial arts\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12239915", "title": "Adani, district administration accused of evicting farmers for land", "text": "BHANDARA: Adani Power Corporation has allegedly rendered seven farmer families landless as their agricultural land is forcibly acquired by the district administration for the company to set up a thermal power plant in Gondia district in eastern Vidarbha region.Once affluent, these farmers were pushed into utter poverty now.Adani Thermal Power Corporation has acquired agricultural land in and around its thermal power plant near Tiroda (Gondia). The state government gave land to the power plant from Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation premises in Tiroda industrial estate and the remaining land was bought from farmers by the power company. Five villages - Khairbodi, Mehedipur, Kachewani, Gumadhawada and Ramatola are situated near the power plant.Seven families of these villages own 38 acre of agricultural land, which is the only source of their sustenance. Though some farmers sold their land to Adani Power Corporation, these seven families refused to sell their land and are bearing the brunt of the government and the power company.These families were producing paddy, wheat, cereals and grams crops in kharif and rabbi seasons and the average income of each family was between Rs 1.5 to 2.5 lakh per annum from agriculture. Their children were studying in Nagpur and Gondia solely depending upon the family income.The seven families put up a proposal before the company that they be given Rs 40 lakh per hectare of land and employment to one person from each family. But instead of finding an amicable solution to it, the district administration allegedly acquired their land using force and allegedly destroyed the standing crop and leveled the land using heavy machineries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12242008", "title": "Ex-cab secy\u2019s RS journey stalled", "text": "LUCKNOW: After day-long deliberation on the party's second nominee for the Rajya Sabha elections on Monday, the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) has reportedly decided to send western UP leader Munquad Ali for the second term. The decision was taken in view of strong opposition within the party against former cabinet secretary Shashank Shekhar Singh, who was one of the probables.The elections for the 10 RS seats falling vacant this month are to be held on March 30. After the drubbing in assembly polls, the BSP has only 80 seats in 403-member state assembly through which it can nominate only two members for the Upper House. BSP chief Mayawati is said to have decided to get herself nominated. Singh was tipped to be the second candidate from the party's quota. But sources said many party functionaries and newly elected MLAs are against the former bureaucrat, whom they consider as one of the main reasons for the BSP's defeat.Though no official press release was issued regarding names finalised for the Rajya Sabha seats, the meeting called to discuss the issue saw party leaders expressing their reservation on Singh's nomination. A party general secretary, sources said, communicated ``sentiments'' of the MLAs and party office bearers to the top leadership. Sources said that majority of the elected MLAs and party functionaries were of the view that excessive bureaucratic control during the five years of BSP rule was largely responsible for the ``disconnect of the elected representatives with the people'' leading to the poll debacle.The common complaint of the party leaders, who lost elections, was that bureaucrats took and implemented all crucial decisions without entertaining ``genuine concerns and feedback'' from the elected representatives, which gave message to the people that BSP MLAs were powerless and not worthy of being re-elected.Ali is from the party cadre responsible for building party's base among Muslims in west UP. His term in Rajya Sabha is ending along with nine others this month. Party functionaries were of the view that if there is any problem in nominating some other leader, the better option would be to nominate Ali for the second term. Besides Ali, other Rajya Sabha members, whose term is expiring this month, are Pramod Kureel, Jai Prakash, Ganga Charan Rajput and Naresh Agarwal (all BSP), Vinay Katiyar and Kalraj Mishra (BJP), Mahendra Mohan Gupta and Veerpal Singh Yadav (SP) and Mahmood Ali Madni (RLD).Senior BSP leaders were not available for comments despites repeated attempts. Sources said that the party chief gave a patient hearing to the leaders who complained that nominating a bureaucrat would demoralise the cadre. She also reportedly assured that she will not take any decision which would adversely affect the BSP's prospects. The Election Commission has already issued notification of the elections. The nominations will be filed till March 19 and can be withdrawn until March 22. Voting will take place on March 30 and results will be declared on the same day.The SP, with its 224 members, can send six candidates to the Rajya Sabha while the BJP with 47 seats in the state assembly will get one seat. The Congress and the RLD coalition with combine strength of 47 (Congress 28 and RLD nine) can get the 10th seat. Of six retiring BSP MPs, Jai Prakash and Agarwal have joined the SP. Singh resigned from the post of cabinet secretary just a day before the election results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12240673", "title": "Engineering student among 3 held for boy\u2019s abduction", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Vanasthalipuram police arrested three persons who kidnapped class VII student G Manikantha on Saturday.Police nabbed K Prem Kumar, a mechanic, R Dileep Kumar, a car driver, and S Abhilash Reddy, an engineering student from Miryalguda in Nalgonda. According to LB Nagar DCP S Chandrasekhar Reddy, the trio had committed several kidnappings in the past. Recently, the gang kidnapped eight-year-old Sujit Reddy from Saroornagar and released him after collecting a ransom of Rs 60,000 from his parents.\"They also kidnapped a girl at Miryalguda and extorted money from her family members,\" the DCP said.The trio was caught from Miryalguda on Sunday evening after three teams of police tracked their mobile phones. The boy was rescued and handed over to the family members on Sunday. The accused were remanded in judicial custody by court. Meanwhile, city police on Monday busted an inter-district gang of kidnappers and arrested the kingpin along with four of his associates. Cops said that three gang members were still at large. East zone ACP Geetha Devi said that Chennupati Venkata Durgaprasad alias Bujji was ringleader of the gang that abducted realtors for ransom.One M Venkateswara Rao of Poranki area joined hands with Bujji and kidnapped local realtor Nageswara Rao a fortnight back, demanding a ransom amount of Rs 5 lakh.However, Rao managed to give his abductors a slip and, having escaped their clutches, lodged a complaint with Penamalur police. After intensified searches, Bujji was picked up and soon, four of his associates, too were nabbed. Cops said that cases are pending against Bujji in Hyderabad, Guntur and Kankipadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241692", "title": "NCW to get three new members soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's Office has cleared three names for members of the National Commission for Women (NCW). These include former NCW member Wansukh Syiem, former Mumbai mayor Nirmala Samant Prabhawalkar and Hemlata Kheria.The commission is currently working under the stewardship of chairperson Mamta Sharma and just one member Charu Wali Khanna who was appointed in August 2011.Syiem is an old commission hand, having served under former chairperson Girija Vyas, and has been reappointed for a tenure of three years.Prabhavalkar has not just held the position of mayor in Mumbai but also served as chairperson of the Maharashtra state women's commission. She has been a Congress leader and an advocate working on issues related to education, women's rights and child development.This is the first time after a gap of nearly a year when the commission will be functioning at full strength. With nearly 3,000 new cases every month, the NCW suffers from serious shortage of counselors, legal hands and advisors to probe and aid victims.The cases coming before the commission range from torture, dowry deaths, honour killings and even women deserted or ill-treated by NRI husbands or in-laws.Sources said the names have been cleared by the PMO and appointment letters would be issued shortly. \"The issue is of high priority for us and we will ensure that the commission's new members join as soon as possible,'' a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12239829", "title": "Class 12 student commits suicide in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: A Plus Two student, who was anxious about passing the exam, committed suicide by consuming pesticide on Saturday.P Pavithra, 17, of Navakkarai, was a class 12 student at Kuniyamuthur Government Higher Secondary School. On March 8 the public exam began and she wrote the first paper which was Tamil. She was very upset as she felt she did not do well and she told her parents and friends that she thought she would fail.Her father Palanisamy, advised her to focus on the other subjects. When her parents left for Somanur to attend a marriage function, Pavithra consumed pesticide. Her neighbours took her to Kovai Medical Centre and Hospital where she died on Saturday, police said.The Madukkarai police have registered a case under 174 CrPC and an investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12241124", "title": "Private players pump out groundwater, create scarcity", "text": "BANGALORE: Guess who's gulping down the city's groundwater? Private tanker water suppliers who have mushroomed across the city, and who come to your rescue in times of crisis.Private water suppliers, who sell each tanker with a capacity of 7,000 litres for Rs 300- Rs 500, have their resources in your own neighbourhood, and make you cough up for the groundwater they pump up. There are more than 1,000 private water suppliers in the city, who cater to the summer scarcity.\"I had always wondered how the old well in my house had no water during the past two summers. I have now learnt that water suppliers have huge borewells close to my house and grab the underground water, affecting our wells. Because we don't get enough Cauvery water, it becomes inevitable to depend on wells and borewells, but the situation has worsened in the past two months largely because of private water tankers,\" said Uma Venkataraman, a senior citizen from Chamarajpet. A private water supplier situated near Ramakrishna Ashram Circle is one among the many suppliers swallowing the groundwater under Basavanagudi and Chamarajpet in South Bangalore, she alleged. There is no one to check the functioning of such private water suppliers, she added.The crisis is comparatively more in Bangalore North, where a tanker of 7,000 litres is sold for Rs 600, as against Rs 300 in South Bangalore. \"We have huge borewells and store water in time. If you want water, call a day in advance. Every day, we take about 40 bookings of 7,000 litres each. No bookings are taken after noon,\" said a spokesperson of Sri Nethravathi Water Supplier on New BEL Road, when TOI called.The suppliers claim they have licenses, however, the fact remains that there has been no check on the extent of water pumped out by the private players.\"We don't know where they get water from. But they cater to our needs when required. We pay the BWSSB every month and still get no water. The borewells dug by BBMP in our ward are of little use,\" cribs Sujata Reddy, a resident of Ashwathappa Layout near Banaswadi. Sujata was one among the many who held a protest against BWSSB on Monday for lack of water supply.BWSSB chairman in the dark!When TOI contacted BWSSB chairman Gaurav Gupta on water theft, he was in the dark on the issue. \"I admit I don't know much about the issue. Maybe there are some rules to regulate private water suppliers. You can talk to the chief engineer,\" is all he said.\"We cannot restrict private water tankers. They obtain licenses from BBMP and we cannot inspect them. We are aware of the water theft, but have no right to take action against them. It comes under the ambit of the Mines and Geology department to keep an eye on them,\" said BWSSB chief engineer T Venkataraju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12240259", "title": "Confused DAVV waits for govt orders on ATKT exams", "text": "INDORE: Fate of students enrolled in the undergraduate courses of the Devi Ahilya Vishwa Vidyalaya (DAVV) hangs in a balance as university is unable to decide about the dates of ATKT (allowed to keep term) examination for the sixth semester.Varsity had sought permission from higher education department for conducting out of turn ATKT examination for students who had failed in the sixth semester last year. However, the department is yet to take a decision.\"A decision has to come from the higher authorities. We are making arrangements for next year, and students will not face problems,\" said additional director, higher education department.Six months have passed after the results were declared and the students have once again moved the varsity authorities to get the dates of examination declared as they are facing difficulties. According to sources, the university is busy preparing to conduct semester examination on time this year so conducting ATKT examination now, will be a tough task.The former vice chancellor Dr PK Mishra wanted to conduct early ATKT examination so that students do not suffer. But, his decision was not accepted as varsity officials said the higher education department has to permit for holding ATKT examination for sixth semester students out of turn.Students may lose a year if the examinations are not held early. One of the students said, \"I wanted to apply for the post-graduate course in the universities outside the state but as the ATKT examinations were not conducted on time it has become difficult. Almost a year has lapsed.\"Meanwhile, vice chancellor Dr Rajkamal told ToI, \"I agree that the students are suffering. But we cannot conduct the examinations without the order of the higher education department\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12239942", "title": "PIL seeks enforcement of high court order on bandh", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh high court (MPHC) will hear on Tuesday a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) seeking enforcement of orders banning bandhs and strike disrupting normal public life and for recovery of compensation for any damages caused to public and private property from such agitations.Nagarik Upabhokta Margadarshak Manch president Dr P G Najpande moved the HC on Monday in the wake of a Congress call for statewide bandh on Tuesday on the issue of death of an IPS officer Narendra Kumar in Morena district and to press for a detailed probe into illegal mining activities in the state.\"I have filed a PIL on the issue as there is every possibility of a forced bandh on Tuesday,\" Najpande said.In January this year, the MPHC, in a landmark decision had ruled that organizing bandh, hartals and strike disrupting normal public life was not a \"fundamental right\" and political parties and others are liable to pay compensation for the damages caused to public and private properties during such agitations.A bench comprising Justice Ajeet Singh and Justice Sanjay Verma passed the order on a PIL filed by Dr Najpande after both the BJP and the Congress organized bandhs within a disrupting normal life in Jabalpur city.Then, the HC has also directed the state government to take action against those organizing bandh, hartal and strike if it in any way affects normal life. Besides, the high court also directed that government should initiate action to recover compensation for any damages caused to public and private property from those organizing such agitations, he said, quoting from the order.The HC had also ruled that even individuals could also demand compensation in the event of any damage to their property due to such agitations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244823", "title": "Incredible beach art with shelf life of 3 hours", "text": "Andreas Amador uses beach as his canvas to create amazing designs, only for the sea to wipe it cleanAmerican artist Andres Amador has been using a garden rake as his paintbrush to draw huge designs in the beach - only for them to be washed away by the sea just hours later.To complete the dramatic yet temporary design before high tide washes it away, Andres starts working an hour before low tide and completes the project in three hours. Some of his amazing giant doodles on the beach span a massive 300 by 500 foot. He patiently waits for a full moon to make sure tides are low enough for him to complete his design before it is washed away by the sea. Amador carefully sketches each pattern and geometric design in a sketchbook, before recreating the grand design in the sand.The 40-year-old from San Francisco says in his blog that he has been using the beach as his canvas for the last 12 years and his artwork was originally inspired by the crop circles phenomenon in the UK.Low tide is the best time to make this kind of art because it allows for the most sand space on the beach. Andres says he doesn't mind that the sea washes away all his hard work; it simply wipes the slate clean for him to create a new design the following day.Working in the fresh air and walking barefoot in the sand means there is never a bad day at the beach, he said, even if his design does not work out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "santakaviti (srikakulam)", "code": "12240719", "title": "Illegal firecracker unit blast kills two women", "text": "SANTAKAVITI (SRIKAKULAM): Two women were charred to death on Monday and two thatched houses destroyed in an explosion at an unauthorized firecracker unit at Garikapadu, 2 km from here.The blast occurred when one of the deceased, Tella Chinnammadu, was preparing food in the thatched house. Sources said the firecrackers got ignited from the sparks from the oven and soon the blaze had swept through the house, at around 4 pm.Chinnammadu, 38, wife of the illegal firecracker unit owner, and the 60-year-old Savitri, her relative, were charred to death. However, only Chinnammadu's body was retrieved with locals saying that Savitri's body had been reduced to ashes.Chinnammadu's son Lakshman Rao , too, sustained injuries and was shifted to Rajam hospital. Tella Ramana, the firecracker unit owner, is absconding. Sources said that two families in the village had been illegally making firecrackers from their thatched houses for the past one-and-a-half decades. Ramana's brother Kondala Rao had lost his life in a similar explosion as did another worker, a sfew years back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245040", "title": "Ileana's new BFF", "text": "Move over Kareena Kapoor and Amrita Arora, there's a new jodi of best friends in tinsel town.And it is young actresses Ileana and Nargis. The duo was seen bonding at the recently-held fashion week. Interestingly, they have one thing, or rather person, in common - Ranbir Kapoor. While Nargis made her debut with Rockstar opposite RK, Ileana will be making hers with him in Barfii. The two girls were spotted gossiping backstage after the show. Wonder if Ranbir's name came up!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12242366", "title": "Only awareness can help check glaucoma: Doctors", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The district has about 7-8% glaucoma patients. As per estimates, more than 90% of glaucoma cases go undetected because of the asymptomatic nature of the disease and lack of awareness, eye surgeon Dr Mukesh Khare told TOI on Monday. While the city is observing the World Glaucoma Week, ophthalmologists claim that only awareness can play a major role in checking the disorder.Dr Khare added that Glaucoma is not curable but can only be controlled by regular medication and frequent check-ups. Unfortunately, glaucoma has no symptoms and as a result, victims could not be able to detect the disorder and gradually their eye sight becomes weak.He further maintained that it is possible to lead a normal life if proper cares of eyes is taken.As far as Glaucoma is concerned, Glaucoma is a dangerous disorder of the eye affecting the nerve of sight (optic nerve). It happens due to a steady or sudden rise in the eye pressure, akin to blood pressure in your body. It is dangerous because it can affect the eye without symptoms and lead to irreversible loss of vision.Eye experts pointed out that a fluid called aqueous humor is continously circulating in human eye providing nourishment. In a normal eye, it is produced and drained at a normal rate. In glaucoma due to a blockade in the drainage system, it increases the pressure in the eye. The optic nerve which runs through the eye gets compressed due to the increased pressure. Since this nerve is responsible for taking the visual impulses from the eye to the brain, any pressure on it may cause decrease in vision leading to blindness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12240010", "title": "Marriage of minor stopped in Pokhran", "text": "JAISALMER: The marriage of a 13-year-old girl with a 60-year old person was stopped by the police in the Phalsoond area in Pokhran here on Sunday.Indra Singh Shekhawat, tehsildar, Pokaran, confirming the matter said that the uncle of the girl Dhan Singh, a resident of Soonthla in Barmer, in a written complaint had informed that his minor niece Leela Kanwar, daughter of Kheem Singh, is just 13 year old and that her father was getting her married to 60 year old person.After the complaint Phalsoond police station in-charge reached the spot. During investigations, family members of the girl could not produce any documents to prove that she is not a minor and the police then stopped the marriage.Sources in the police said that the girl had never gone to the school and the age written on the ration card was tampered with. The parents were not only asked to stop the marriage but were warned not to make a similar move ever again and to submit a report on the age of the girl after getting a medical test done on her.The father of the girl has been served a notice under marriage act 2006.Even today in many villages in western Rajasthan such social evils are prevailing in which illiterate parents in greed of money play with the life of their daugters and get them married to such aged persons who are on fag end of their life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "dharni (melghat)/amravati", "code": "12241210", "title": "Large-scale exodus of Melghat tribals for jobs", "text": "DHARNI (MELGHAT)/AMRAVATI: Ritesh Gautam is a resident of a backward area in Pohara village in Dharni tehsil in Melghat. He migrated to Madhya Pradesh in search of work. Manohar Bode from Seamdoh village went to Solapur for the same reason. Both are back home to celebrate Holi, the biggest festival of tribals.Like Gautam and Bode, there are many youth from the region who left home in search of jobs. They are victims of government apathy.Melghat has always been in the news for all the wrong reasons like child deaths due to malnutrition but of late, large-scale exodus of tribals has set alarm bells ringing in the state government's administration department. NGOs working in the region are livid.Despite the government claiming implementation of the Maharashtra Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MREGS), the exodus of youth continues unabated. Villagers who have come down to celebrate Holi, have complained of not getting wages under the MREGS scheme since three months.Melghat comprises of nearly 350 villages and has a population of 1.5 lakh with most residents being illiterate. The region remains underdeveloped and the government is not doing anything, say residents.\"We make many rounds of post-offices but officials ignore us citing administrative difficulties. Some of us even sleep outside the post-office in the hope of getting our money,\" says a tribal.Another tribal said that adjoining areas like parts of Madhya Pradesh are providing job opportunities. \"Some of us explored places like Solapur and Konkan. Private contractors pay us in advance unlike the government,\" he says.Suvarna Bonde (48) rues the fact that the government pays just Rs 125 under the MREGS which is too meagre to feed her family. Suvarna and her husband both work in Betul, MP as construction workers. \"Outside our region, we get a minimum of Rs 200 for construction work. Moreover, we're in much more demand outside,\" she says.The couple was a part of a large delegation which came to meet state employment guarantee scheme minister Nitin Raut. In their complaint, tribals told Raut that they are yet to get their dues since many months.\"Their condition is extremely pitiable. Local officials often mislead the government regarding the number of persons employed under MREGS. Of the 1.5 lakh population, only 10-15% gets the benefit of EGS,\" says Poornima Upadhyay, who is working for NGO Khoj.\"Under MREGS, a labourer gets Rs 125 per day for about 100 days in a year, but the district administration has failed to pay their wages since months. How will they survive with this meagre amount? They have every right to migrate to feed their families,\" she adds.Even Melghat MLA D Patil backed the tribals for blaming the postal department for non-payment of their dues. \"The money is distributed through post offices. But the officials keep it pending for months, perhaps deliberately,\" he says.State principal secretary for EGS V Giriraj admitted that large-scale migration has taken place but refused to blame the government. \"There was a delay in payment due to some difficulties, but that is surely no reason for them to move to other places for work. Anyone can go to another place for better job prospects. The MP border is just 40 kms from here,\" he says.Statistics of the last two years have revealed that the number of tribals availing of the scheme has dropped by 4,000 due to the negligent attitude of the government. In 2010-11, about 11,680 from Chikhaldara and 6,227 from Dharni claimed the benefit of EGS while in 2011-12, 8,500 from Chikhaldara and 4,500 from Dharni got work under EGS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12239863", "title": "Visible policing a must to curb crime: Top cop", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police commissioner TP Sundaramoorthy has advised all police officers in the city that they should ensure visible policing within their station limits. He told them that during peak hours - 8am to 11am and 4pm to 8pm - it will help curb crime rates.The police commissioner has been visiting various areas every morning and has been giving instructions to the assistant commissioners of police and inspectors of police over walkie-talkie. On March 10, he did not see a single police patrol vehicle when he went on his morning rounds.An angry commissioner then warned police officers through walkie-talkie that weekends are not holidays for the department. They should do their routine work and the patrol vehicles should constantly be on the road. Police visibility will help reduce crime rates.Later, he also met deputy commissioner Hema Karunagaran. Deputy commissioner instructed patrol vehicles to roam the city round the clock. They should inform their location to the control room. If they failed to do their duty, strict action will be taken.\"Visible policing methods are useful to reduce crime rates. I instructed all police officers to deploy more police personnel on the road and crowded areas during peak hours,\" said Sundaramoorthy. He said he will take severe action against inspectors who do not follow instructions. \"Inspectors should have a sense of responsibility. But many are not doing their duty. If they continue to be slack, they will be punished,\" said the top cop.The police commissioner told the public that they can talk to him directly over mobile phone, if they want to discuss any issue with him. \"My mobile phone number is 99401 60600, and office number is 0422- 2300250. The public can convey messages about anti-social elements at any time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12240716", "title": "50k students to appear for board exams", "text": "NOIDA: More than 50,000 students from Gautam Budh Nagar district will appear in the high school and intermediate level examinations to be conducted by the Board of High School and Intermediate Education of Uttar Pradesh between 16 March and 20 April.The district administration has made special arrangements for differently-abled students apart from deputing special magistrates for smooth conduction of the exams.The examinations would be conducted in 49 centres across the district. All principals who would be managing these centres have been accorded magisterial powers for the conduct of examinations.The chief development officer, Pawan Kumar held a meeting with senior administration officials on Monday to discuss the measures to be adopted in conducting the examinations.Kumar said, \"All students will be provided an additional 15 minutes for reading the question papers. Besides, those who are in handicapped and visually impaired category will be given 20 minutes extra for every hour of the examination,\" he added.The district administration informed that while 20,041 students would appear in the high school level examinations, 34,601 would appear for the intermediate-level examinations. The administration has imposed section 144 of the CrPC in Gautam Budh Nagar through the 36 days during which the exams would be conducted.\"Without obtaining prior permission from the district administration, no one would be allowed to conduct any public gathering within 100 metres of the examination centre. Students have also been directed to refrain from carrying any electronic equipment with them to the examination halls including mobiles, pagers and electronic diaries,\" said Kumar.In order to ensure smooth conduct of examinations and to ensure that students do not resort to unfair means in writing the examinations, the district administration has deputed 20 sector magistrates, eight zonal magistrates and static magistrates at six sensitive examination centres, besides three teams of flying squads. \"A flying squad operating at the state-level might conduct checks at any of the examination centres during any time. FIRs might be registered against students who are found to be resorting to malpractices in examinations,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244177", "title": "Fun and food at ITC Gardenia", "text": "This has got to be one of the most fun things to do over weekends.Catching up with friends over food at midnight at the ITC Gardenia gives you a chance to do just that. It allows the city a reason to stay on late.Breakfast at Midnight - is a late night dining trend at the hotel's 24/7 restaurant, Cubbon Pavilion. If you are scouting for some good food late night, head to this place for an elaborate spread.We spotted Anu, Pavan, Ritika and Shashank bonding over an extended dinner while Manisha and Siddharth were seen having a great time and relishing the delicacies on offer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12240822", "title": "Parrikar keeps 1,500 job recruitments on hold", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has decided to keep on hold the around 1,500 job recruitments to various government departments conducted by the previous government before the assembly election.Speaking to mediapersons on Monday, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said, \"Every department has been told to let me know the exact position of recruitments and the personnel department will come up with a clear solution on the issue.\"The Congress government had created more than 3,000 jobs in the election year.Parrikar said, \"I've asked for all the files. Cases where the procedures in place have been followed and where there is no apparent manipulation, will be cleared. The government will investigate the rest of the cases.\"Meanwhile, the general administration department has issued a circular to various government departments stating, \"It has now been decided to keep on hold all the appointments/interviews/written tests till the new government takes a decision on the matter.\"The Election Commission of India had issued a circular to stop all recruitments after the announcement of the model code of conduct in view of the general assembly election in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12240973", "title": "Large amounts paid to KG Balakrishnan's kin: Govt to SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Chief Justice of India K G Balakrishnan's tenure as chairman of National Human Rights Commission hit a bump on Monday when the government for the first time filed an investigation status report before the Supreme Court detailing large payments allegedly made to his two sons-in-law and brother when he was the CJI.A bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justice Swatanter Kumar was informed by attorney general G E Vahanvati that the income tax department's probe had also revealed that the properties acquired by the sons-in-law and brother at this time were declared but prima facie appeared to be held benami and grossly undervalued.Regarding the large payments to Justice Balakrishnan's son, the AG said, \"Why were the payments made? Is there a link to the payments? Income tax department cannot investigate why payments were made. This needs to be gone into at a different level.\"This indicates that other agencies may be roped in to probe the charges against the ex-CJI. It also indicates that the government is not holding back its hand any longer on the controversy.When the controversy about the disproportionate assets of his relatives first appeared in the media, Justice Balakrishnan had told TOI that he had nothing to hide and if his relatives were in possession of unaccounted wealth, it was for them to answer the I-T department.The bench of Justices Kapadia and Kumar carefully stepped around counsel Prashant Bhushan's plea for a direction to the Union government to send a presidential reference to the apex court to inquire into the misconduct of the ex-CJI and give its opinion whether the former CJI should continue as the head of NHRC.Instead, the bench asked Vahanvati, \"We only want to know what further step the government intends to take in this matter.\" This might push Justice Balakrishnan into a tight spot, given the high degree of propriety attached to the position of NHRC chairman, even though it is only a statutory and not a constitutional post. The AG sought three weeks to respond to the question and said, \"We may have to convene another meeting of all agencies on this issue.\"At the beginning of the hearing, Vahanvati handed over a status report by the I-T department to the bench, which during the last hearing on two PILs filed by NGO Common Cause and advocate M L Sharma, sought details of every investigation carried out by the agencies into the charges against the former CJI.When the bench asked about the status of other investigations, Vahanvati said, \"The representations received in the Prime Minister's Office were forwarded to the ministry of home affairs, which in turn were sent to the CBI.\" However, the CBI appears to have not investigated the allegations because of the vagueness of the charges leveled in the representations.The bench adjourned hearing on the petitions for three weeks saying, \"Let the AG take instructions on what steps the government is taking.\"Attorney General G E Vahanvati on Monday raised questions before the Supreme Court about the large payments made to former CJI K G Balakrishnan's relatives. The government's stand indicates that other agencies may be roped in to probe the charges against the ex-CJI. It also indicates that the government is not holding back its hand any longer on the controversy.When the controversy about the disproportionate assets of his relatives first appeared in the media, Justice Balakrishnan had told TOI that he had nothing to hide and if his relatives were in possession of unaccounted wealth, it was for them to answer the I-T department. The bench of Justices Kapadia and Kumar carefully stepped around counsel Prashant Bhushan's plea for a direction to the Union government to send a presidential reference to the apex court to inquire into the misconduct of the ex-CJI and give its opinion whether the former CJI should continue as the head of NHRC.Instead, the bench asked Vahanvati, \"We only want to know what further step the government intends to take in this matter.\" This might push Justice Balakrishnan in a tight spot, given the high degree of propriety attached to the position of NHRC chairman, even though it is not a constitutional post. The AG sought three weeks to respond to the question and said, \"We may have to convene another meeting of all agencies on this issue.\"At the beginning of the hearing, Vahanvati handed over a status report by the I-T department to the bench, which during the last hearing on two PILs filed by NGO Common Cause and advocate M L Sharma, sought details of every investigation carried out by the agencies into the charges against the former CJI.When the bench asked about the status of other investigations, Vahanvati said, \"The representations received in the PM's Office were forwarded to the ministry of home affairs, which in turn were sent to the CBI.\" However, the CBI appears to have not investigated the allegations because of the vagueness of the charges leveled in the representations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12246340", "title": "Sunil Joshi murder case: Sadhvi Pragya to stay in Bhopal prison", "text": "BHOPAL: A special National Investigating Agency (NIA) court in Bhopal in Madhya Pradesh on Tuesday ordered that Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur-who till now was in a Mumbai jail in connection with the Malegaon blast case- be detained in Bhopal prison till the completion of trial in the former RSS pracharak Sunil Joshi murder case.Special NIA court judge Vijay Kumar Pandey issued the order Tuesday after the Sadhvi (ascetic) and another accused Harshad Solanki were produced before the court for the first time since the case was transferred from Dewas district court to NIA court following orders of the state high court in December last year.Sadhvi Pragya Thakur was brought to Bhopal this morning by train to stand trial in the Sunil Joshi murder case. Harshad Solanki, a suspect in Ajmer Dargah blast and Samjhatua Express bombing incident, was also produced before the court for his alleged role in the killing of RSS Pracharak Sunil Joshi.Sadhvi moved an application before the court, informing that she was not keeping good health and sought facilities for Ayurveda treatment. The court asked the prison authorities to consider providing Ayurveda treatment facilities to her.Vasudev Parmar, Anandraj Kataria and Ramcharan Patel, who are also accused in the case, are now out on bail.The five accused have been charged under section 302 for murder, 201 for causing disappearance of evidence, 120 b and 34 of IPC for criminal conspiracy with common intention and sections 25, 27 of Arms Act. Mohan and Ghanshayam, two more accused in the Joshi murder case, are absconding and have not yet been charge-sheeted.According to the charge-sheet, Joshi had fallen out with Pragya, his alleged killer due to his boastful nature. Also, he had once misbehaved with Pragya following which she was angry with him and decided to bump him off, the document said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi/ dehra dun", "code": "12244529", "title": "Upset over not being made CM, Rawat writes to Sonia", "text": "NEW DELHI/ DEHRA DUN: Upset over not being made chief minister, Harish Rawat Tuesday wrote to Congress president Sonia Gandhi. According to TV reports, Harish Rawat also met BJP president Nitin Gadkari.Rawat, who is minister of state for agriculture and parliamentary affairs, was unhappy over MP Vijay Bahuguna being picked up for the job.\"The decision of the Congress high command is acceptable to all the party workers and leaders and Vijay Bahuguna will take the oath of Uttarakhand chief minister,\" said Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi.He denied any information on Rawat sending his resignation to the prime minister.\"I have also come to know that he has written to Sonia Gandhi-ji. There has been injustice done to Harish Rawat as in 2002 we fought the election under him but N.D. Tiwari was made the chief minister and we accepted it as he was a senior leader,\" said a party legislator from Uttarakhand.Earlier, Union minister Harish Rawat, who lost in the race for Uttarakhand chief ministership, resigned from the Union government.Rawat, minister of state for agriculture and parliamentary affairs, sent his resignation to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Congress sources said.\"We can only confirm that the resignation has been sent,\" said a Congress leader close to Rawat.The move comes after the the Congress high command overlooked his claims for the chief minister's post which has gone to another MP Vijay Bahuguna.(Input from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12241799", "title": "IAF chief calls for reorientation of maintenance philosophy", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief of the Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal NAK Browne, exhorted officers of Indian Air Force (IAF) Maintenance Command to remain abreast with the changing technological scenario especially in light of the new hardware being inducted in the forces. Browne was addressing the commanders' conference at Headquarters Maintenance Command at Nagpur. He said, \"IAF has taken confident strides on the path of transforming itself into a multi-spectrum strategic force capable of addressing India' future security concerns.\"Meanwhile a source related to the meeting said the current commanders' conference has a specific stress on changing the maintenance doctrine according to the new hardware being procured by the IAF. Apart from the major aircraft the IAF is purchasing, several new systems and sub-systems are being incorporated, and the process of inducting them will be spread over the next five to 10 years. This will also require a change in the maintenance philosophy, especially related to ensuring available of spares through an efficient supply chain mechanism.The commanders' conference is an annual affair held at each command. Though it generally involves a review of the functioning, this time the stress was on the changing maintenance requirements in line with the new equipment. Similar deliberations will be made at the operational and training commands too, said the source.The Air Chief was received at Nagpur airport by Air Officer Commanding-in-chief of Maintenance Command Air Marshal J Chandra. Browne later inspected a ceremonial guard of honour presented to him at the maintenance command.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12241689", "title": "Parties protest outside college for inviting Lankan", "text": "TRICHY: A group of people representing the Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi (VCK), Puthiya Tamilagam (PT) and the Periyar Dravida Katchi (PDK) agitated in front of the Bishop Heber College on Monday morning forcing the management to send off a Sri Lankan professor who had been invited by the college for an international seminar.The seminar on \"Personal Dynamism in Organizational Management\" had been organised by the commerce department of the college, and about 60 faculties, research scholars and students and 12 overseas speakers including from Sri Lanka had been invited to participate in the seminar. K Shankar representing PT told TOI that it was unpardonable on the part of the college management to have consciously spread a red carpet to a citizen of a country that had been accused of killing thousands of innocent Tamils.Hemamalini Gunatilake, a professor from the HR department of Sri Jayawardenapura University came to the principal's room 15 minutes before the start of the seminar at 10 am, not aware of the trouble that was brewing at the college gates against her presence. The convener of the seminar Dr Joseph Anbarasu discreetly allowed Hemamalini to deliver her speech first after ordering to close the main gate of the college. Ironically, she spoke about the resistance to change to newer ideas in the management of organizations. When the heat was turned on the college management, a CID inspector told the principal to whisk away the Sri Lankan delegate after admonishing them over the senseless invitation when there was a standing order against such invitations. The principal Paul Thayabaran was profusely sorry and helped the woman beat a hasty retreat through the side exit even though the Sri Lankan reportedly wanted to stay through the full course of the seminar for which she had been specially invited.Thayabaran later said, \"Had I known that the invitation to a Sri Lankan would invite such a wrath in our land, I would not have invited her in the first place.\"However, the seminar went on as planned and students from France, Kenya, Rwanda, and Ethiopia had participated", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241030", "title": "Spectrum given in 2001 &amp; earlier may be charged", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is considering retrospectively charging for spectrum for licences allotted in 2001 and even earlier while it also examines if some of these could be cancelled in the light of the Supreme Court ruling striking down the first-come first-served policy.Telecom secretary R Chandrasekhar told the Joint Parliamentary Committee on telecom that spectrum may have to be retrospectively priced as allocations were made under the FCFS policy held by the SC as \"arbitrary\" and \"intrinsically flawed\" when it scrapped the 122 licences of the A Raja era.In reply to a query, the telecom secretary said benchmark for pricing spectrum would have to be decided keeping in view the opinion of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India and assessing whether values that are obtained in the 2G auction now ordered by the SC can yield a formula. The 3G auction was another indicator of market values.To Congress's Manish Tewari's question whether start-up as well as contracted spectrum could be charged, the secretary answered that such a course of action was \"under consideration\". The government told the JPC that implications of the SC order could reach back all the way to licences allotted in 1994 even though these had not been challenged in court.The government's assertion that cancellation of licences predating 2008 could be considered as they had been allotted under the FCFS policy was strenuously challenged by BJP leader Yashwant Sinha who said the National Democratic Alliance era decisions were being misrepresented by the UPA government.Sinha asked government officials present at the JPC meeting to specify which licences would be cancelled as the NDA policy had been initially framed for basic services and not mobile telephony. The policy actually was 'all come, all served' as there were not many applicants. How could the SC order impact these licences, he is understood to have asked.The BJP leader said Trai's 2000 recommendations were for basic services and the November 2003 Unified Access Service Licences policy was intended as a \"temporary measure\" that would make way for fully unified licences. The government had not altered the transitional policy to date, Sinha claimed.Chandrasekhar said the government would carefully consider its interventions trying to keep in mind the interests of 96 million users affected by the SC ruling who had purchased services from private operators.Contacted after the meeting, some JPC members read the telecom official's comments as an indication of the government's intent to recast India's telecom landscape although Chandrasekhar did say that a presidential reference was being considered to seek clarifications from the SC. He suggested the constitutional validity of auctions being the only means to allot natural resources would be questioned.CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta grilled the telecom secretary over the government's view that the SC had intruded into executive domain, asking if the courts were to remain mute even when persons in high places conspired against public interest and the best the CBI could do was to register cases against \"unknown persons\".Chandrasekhar's response that the SC order did not speak of any loss of revenue - as alleged by the government's official auditor - in response to questions posed by Tewari led to some sharp exchanges as Dasgupta and Sinha disputed such a reading of the ruling. They argued that the SC had mentioned a loss of revenue in three distinct places in its ruling.Tewari insisted that although the apex court held the 2G allocations made during UPA-1 to be tainted, it had not delivered a verdict on whether the decisions involved a revenue loss.The CPI leader also challenged the government's claim that it was willing to act against telecom firms which had not honoured their commitments, saying that more than a year had lapsed since these companies had been asked to furnish replies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240931", "title": "Cold wave damages crops in Akole", "text": "PUNE: Crops in their early stages of growth were damaged due to extreme cold wave in Akole taluka in Ahmednagar district.The main cash crop - onion - did not suffer, but the frost, which was unexpected in the middle of the planting season of the summer crop, proved harmful to horse gram, pearl millet, maize, beans and groundnut.This is the second consecutive year of climate variability here. Last year, the untimely rain in June had damaged the summer crop.Crispino Lobo, co-founder and managing trustee of the Watershed Organisation Trust (WOTR), an NGO working for the climate change adaptation project in this region, said extreme cold in February and March, the middle of the planting season of the summer crop, proved to be harmful for the crops. \"February and March are almost the end of winter in Maharashtra, and cold wave is not experienced during this time. Rather, a cold wave at the height of winter, middle of December or first week of January, is beneficial for the rabi crop,\" he said.The farmers from Khadki-Khurd, Khadki-Budruk, Pimpari, Purushwadi, Satewadi, Umarewadi, Palsunde and other nearby villages of Akole taluka witnessed their fields covered with frost clinging to the tender leaves of the crop. The farmers had planted summer crop - pearl millet, maize, beans, groundnut - between January 15 and February 15. The seeds planted between this period had germinated and were growing well. But the cold wave left the leaves of the crops dead, he said.Radha Kunke of the WOTR said, \"Even if the plants survive and sprout new leaves, there is no guarantee that the yield would be good. Most of the farmers agree that the yields will be low but unable to speculate the exact percentage of loss.\"The plants have dried up and grains have shrunk or turned black. Also, the big trees like banana, papaya, too were impacted by the cold. Many of their leaves have also dried up. \"This is the second consecutive year of climate variability here. Not only the climate is different, it is also unpredictable. Last time, the rain was irregular, this time it is the temperature. Now, the challenge is how we prepare for this kind of uncertainties?\" she asked.The climate change adaptation project has a tie up with India Meteorological department (IMD), Pune. A Kashyapi, scientist, IMD Pune, said the cold wave have affected the crops. It has led to rupture of the fruits and the quality has suffered too. The cardinal temperature point went below optimal and lower level. This can be related to climate change and change in climate variables, he said.According to Lobo, climate variability is experienced at the grassroots level. Here, comes the use of adapting to new ways to face this challenge. Under the climate change adaptation project, the farmers are taught about diversification of livelihood, better agricultural method and water efficiency methods to cope up with the changes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12242518", "title": "Neelgais threaten flight safety, IAF base sends SOS to wildlife department", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Alarmed by the presence of a large number of blue bulls (neelgai) lurking on the Air Force station campus, posing a threat to routine Air Force sorties as well as civilian aircrafts operating from the local runway, the Air Force authorities have now sought help from wildlife departments of Punjab, Haryana and UT, Chandigarh to control the menace.According to IAF officials, a large number of blue bulls s are there in the forest within the local Air Force station area. The forest filled with \"lantana\" and wild grass, provides a safe haven for animals like blue bulls.Chief Administrative Officer of 12-Wing Air Force station, Group Captain D C Pandey said that they have communicated to the wildlife departments of Punjab, Haryana, as well as UT, Chandigarh, asking them to shift the animals present in the forest area to some other safer place after tranquilizing them. He said blue bulls had been spotted by the Air Force officials guarding the runway on several occasions and creating a nuisance for flight operations.The IAF spokesperson said no untoward incident has been reported because of the blue bulls but pointed out that sometimes these animals have been spotted very close to the runway, endangering flight safety.The Chandigarh base is also considered the spinal cord of the troops deployed in high altitude areas like Ladakh and Kargil. There are regular flights of giant aircrafts like AN-32, IL-76 from the Chandigarh airbase to Leh for providing logistic support and transportation of soldiers posted in those areas. Similarly, there are over 12 civilian flights operating from this base that use same runway for various domestic destinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12245433", "title": "Sharad Pawar taken ill in Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Agriculture minister Sharad Pawar was taken ill in the Lok Sabha on Tuesday when he felt a bit dizzy just after conclusion of the Question Hour.Pawar, 71, was taken away in an official car from the Parliament premises accompanied by his daughter and Baramati MP Supriya Sule and Union minister Praful Patel .An ambulance was waiting for Pawar but he chose to leave Parliament in an official car.\"Pawar complained of dizziness,\" minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy said.There were reports that the NCP chief fainted in the lobby of the Lok Sabha but this were not immediately confirmed.Pawar had answered a number of supplementaries on questions related to agriculture during the Question Hour in the Lok Sabha.Patel said Pawar's sugar level dropped and he felt dizzy and was taken to a hospital.\"Everything is normal. He will soon be discharged,\" said Patel, a senior NCP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chhattarpur", "code": "12240156", "title": "Sand mining: State government removes police officer", "text": "CHHATTARPUR: Madhya Pradesh government on Monday removed Ajaygarh police station incharge for allegedly abetting illegal sand mining, two days after the mafia members attacked a police team at Chandipatha in Panna district, a top officer said.Aslam Khan's alleged partnership with the sand mafia was disclosed to police during investigation of the arrested kingpin and former dacoit Kuber Singh who is accused of opening fire on a team comprising revenue and police officials at Chandipatha, about 80 km away from Panna two days back.Kuber has alleged that Khan was having a partnership of nearly 60 percent in the illegal sand mining in the area.\"Following the revelation, Panna SP Anil Maheshwari line-attached (removed from field duty) Khan so that he cannot influence the probe in the matter,\" Chattarpur Deputy Inspector General (DIG) Ved Prakash Sharma told reporters.The sand mafia in Panna district had erected a makeshift earthen bridge across the Ken river for transporting sand illegally to Uttar Pradesh which was later demolished by the team of revenue and police officials.Besides Kuber, his accomplices Gambhir Singh, Ram Singh and two others, who are absconding, are booked for attack, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12242184", "title": "Four killed in mishap near Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: Four persons died on the spot while three were injured when mini truck carrying rice rammed an autorickshaw carrying six passengers. The accident took place near Gurukunj Mozari-Talegoan Thakur on Monday evening.The deceased have been identified as Mangala Bharti (49), Nilesh Bharti (28), Heena Wankhade (14) and Rajkanya Sable. All deceased are residents of Talegoan Thakur village.The mini truck was heading towards Amravati when one its tyres burst and it rammed into the auto rickshaw that was heading towards Talegoan Thakur from Mozari, carrying six passengers.Autorickshaw driver Dadarao Wankhade (50), passenger Abdul Ashiq and a student of Lalasaheb Deshmukh Education College, Chandur Bazar, Pallavi Pathak sustained serious injuries. All of them were rushed to Amravati for treatment. Police have arrested the mini truck driver and investigating into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12242161", "title": "Regular check-ups only shield against blinding glaucoma", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you're above 40, pay as much attention to your eyes as you do to your cholesterol and blood sugar levels. What might seem a niggling complaint - dull vision, redness in the eyes, or a persistent headache - could all be early signs of the potentially blinding disease, glaucoma.On Monday, which was World Glaucoma Day, doctors across the city called for increased awareness about this disease which is the third most common cause of blindness, but strikes without warning.Although age and genetic factors mainly predispose a person to glaucoma, health conditions that require regular use of steroids are now raising the risk. \"The disease is most common in elderly people - those above 60 years of age. But due to increased use of steroids in conditions like asthma and arthritis, prevalence of diabetes, high blood pressure and other risk factors it is manifesting earlier these days,\" said Dr RV Azad, chief of the RP Eye Centre at All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS). He said the disease has no specific symptoms, so regular check-ups are the only way to detect it in time.\"After the age of 40, one should get the eyes checked every three to five years. Older people - those above 60 years of age - or those who show complications should be checked more frequently,\" he added.Dr Ramanjit Sihota, glaucoma specialist at AIIMS, said loss of vision due to glaucoma cannot be reversed but the disease can be arrested. \"With timely diagnosis, we can prevent further loss of vision with medicines and eye drops. Sometimes, corrective surgeries are also done,\" she said. Another leading ophthalmologist, Dr Sanjay Choudhary, however warned that the medicines should be used very carefully. For instance, the prescribed dosage should be followed very strictly. \"Remember to put only one drop at a time in each eye,\" he said.This is where family support becomes crucial. For the elderly, who may have unsteady hands, self-administering the exact dose could prove difficult, so younger family members can help. Similarly, they can keep a record of the patients' clinical visits. \"Make the house elderly-safe by removing obstacles. Since glaucoma weakens their vision, it is important to improve indoor lighting. Program important numbers, such as the police and ambulance emergency lines, in the phone with voice activation,\" said Dr Choudhary.\"Above all, provide moral support to the patient and encourage community based rehabilitation with vocational training to overcome the impact of disability,\" he added. There are other precautions, too. Patients who have been operated upon should not use contact lenses to keep down chances of infection. Dr Tanuj Dada, additional professor at AIIMS, said, \"With regular light exercise, patients can reduce the damaging pressure within the eye. They should eat green leafy vegetables and salads, but cut down on caffeinated beverages like coffee, and tobacco in any form as these increase pressure\".There's a word of advice for high-achievers, too: wear your neckties a little loose to keep the pressure down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245349", "title": "It's easy to be a judge on a TV show: Raveena Tandon", "text": "The Mast Mast girl of Mohra seems to be enjoying her television stint. The actor, who is currently busy with the chat show on telly, Issi Ka Naam Zindagi, says that she loves the experience.\"I did say 'no' to many chat shows before but this one seemed to be quite appealing. I am meeting celebrities from all walks of life and I am getting to know their other side as any other normal person, which I find very interesting. But it's quite a tough task at the same time,\" she says.At the same time, Raveena says that it's easy to don the judge's hat on a reality show. \"Being a judge is so much easier. You have to dress well, look pretty, criticize others and you get paid for it. Nevertheless, I am happy with my telly show and I am also busy with two films- Shobana 7 Nights and Gin Liya Aasman. Is she planning to take direction or production in the future? \"Those are very big responsibilities. It's a full-time job and I need to spend some quality time with my kids, when they are growing up. I can't lose out on the precious time,\" says the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12240435", "title": "Margao municipal council: Smooth transfer of power expected", "text": "MARGAO: Following back to back meetings of several councillors of the Margao municipal council (MMC) with chief minister Manohar Parrikar - one at Fatorda on Sunday and the other at the secretariat in Panaji on Monday - the city fathers are hopeful of a smooth transition of power in the civic body.Parrikar is learnt to have assured the councillors of sufficient funds to the MMC for development works in the city on the fast track. However, as regards their moves of effecting a change of guard in the civic body, Parrikar advised them, in no uncertain terms, to hold their horses, sources said. On Monday, 11 councillors met Parrikar and held discussions with regards to Margao's developmental needs.What's significant is that all the 20 councillors of the MMC are currently affiliated to the Congress party. However, with the BJP coming to power, the possibility of several councillors switching their affiliation to the saffron party cannot be ruled out. The meetings of these councillors with Parrikar, therefore assumes significance.It may be noted that following the civic elections held in October 2010, then chief minister Digambar Kamat had succeeded in forging a consensus to elect Susheela Naik as the chairperson. Naik had assumed the office in November 2010. The understanding arrived at was that she would be allowed to retain office until the assembly elections are over. \"We are waiting for the chairperson to step down voluntarily and honour the word given to us by the former chief minister. If she doesn't, we will plan our next moves,\" said a councillor requesting anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12241023", "title": "Latur trader arrested for production, sale of opium", "text": "PUNE: A member of the Shirur-Tajband gram panchayat in Latur district was arrested on Monday for mass production and sale of opium.Narayan Tukaram Irbatanwar was produced at the Ambejogai court on Monday evening and sent to police custody till March 14. Irbatanwar is the fourth trader to be arrested in the case apart from 50 farmers who were found cultivating poppy (used to produce opium) across the state. He has been booked under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act of 1985.In the last two weeks, the police have swooped down on illegal cultivation of poppy in Beed, Sangli, Pune, Osmanabad and Satara districts.Babaduwan Ugire, sarpanch of Shirur-Tajband village said, \"I heard Irbatanwar was taken into police custody, but I am not aware of the charges. I know that he runs a dhaba outside the village and had a liquor shop. Some six years ago, Irbatanwar started an English medium school in our village.\"Sudarshan Munde, investigating officer of crime branch Beed, said, \"Irbatanwar had obtained a licence from the state government for production of mild opium. He was allowed to produce low potency opium, which could be used as medicine. But Irbatanwar started mass production of opium with high potency and supplied it across the state. He would also sell it through his dhaba. He used to buy poppy straws from Madhya Pradesh and from farmers in Beed.\"As per the guidelines, poppy straws or pods can be bought from Madhya Pradesh where poppy cultivation is permitted by the Union government. After processing, the licence holder can sell only 450 gm at a time to one person, who also needs a licence for consumption, said Munde.Nanded district collector Shrikar Pardeshi said, \"Most licence holders, who are allowed consumption, are from the Sikh community. Many of them were prescribed opium up to 450 gm at a time because alternative medicines were not available in 1972. Though they were consuming a very mild dose of opium, continuous consumption had resulted in other medicines not having an effect on them at all. Most of these licences were issued before 1974.\"After the action taken by Beed police, Pardeshi has ordered a drive to check details of all those people who have been given licences to consume opium. Besides, their connection with Nanded-based traders will also be probed. \"I have sent a request to the state excise department to provide details of licence holders as most of them live in Nanded city. Once we get the details, the district administration will visit the places. If the license holder is found to be dead, the licence will be cancelled immediately,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Beed police requested the court to permit them to dispose of 44 tonnes of confiscated poppy, which currently lying at the district headquarters. The current value of the plants is Rs 2.18 crore. The court will pass an order on the matter on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244641", "title": "A starry cricket match in Kolkata", "text": "When Team Blues won over Team Reds, it was a victory well-deserved. No, we are not talking about political loyalties but a celebrity cricket match that took place at a city stadium on Sunday evening and that continued well into the night.The League of Stars 2012 was into its third consecutive year and saw almost the whole of Tollywood turn up. Film fraternity heavyweights like Dev, Indraneil, Sujjoy, Soham, Srijit, Abir, Hiraan Sagar among others, took part in the match and bonded on and off the pitch. For Indraneil, the celeb cricket match was a first and yet, he clinched the man of the match title. \"It was total fun though at the end the match was quite nail-biting. Dev is an excellent bowler, while Abir is outstanding as a batsman. Srijit too did a commendable job as a wicket-keeper,\" said an elated Indraneil.The packed stadium went berserk on seeing Dev walking out to bat and later when he took a wicket. \"With such an enthusiastic audience the game becomes more interesting. Cricket is my passion so I look forward to this match every year as I miss playing para cricket these days. Today everyone praised me and said I played like an all rounder,\" smiled Dev waving to his fans. He remained oblivious to fans surrounding him and asking for autographs. Both Srijit and Abir who were key players for Team Reds took the match to a different level but couldn't save it in the end. \"We have our reservations about the umpiring. We will protest to higher authorities about it,\" smiled Srijit who played despite severe back pain. He added, \"The match was in our pocket but we missed it because we got some kutshit wides and joghonno run-outs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "12246659", "title": "Kesha's Twitter account hacked", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Pop star Kesha has fallen victim to internet pranksters after her Twitter was hacked.The 'Tik Tok' hitmaker's fans were whipped into a frenzy after an announcement about Kesha's latest song went up on her Twitter page, reported Ace Showbiz.The message declared, \"Single out in a couple hours. Ugh so stressful... wish I could stay on the beach forever.\"The 25-year-old singer later spotted the fake message and quickly deleted it after realising her account had been compromised.\"Animals!! I love you! I got hacked. Single is not out yet. Promise you'll be the first to know,\" she tweeted.Kesha isn't the first famous face to be hacked in recent weeks. Actor Jason Segel , teen star Hailee Steinfeld and British pop singer Jessie J have also been targeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12241839", "title": "Finally, Jats withdraw stir", "text": "Bhaskar MukherjeeHISAR: The Haryana government and chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda heaved a sigh of relief as the agitating jats finally withdrew the agitation on Monday, after a 23-day standoff. The agitators also cremated the body of Sandeep Kumar, who had been reportedly killed in police firing on March 6 at Mayyar village of Hisar district. The protesters had kept the body in a special box on the railway track at Mayyar village.While announcing to clear the tracks, the 15-member committee comprising representatives of agitators, members of All India Jat Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti (AIJASS) and Sarvjatiya Khap Panchayat gave Haryana government A September 13 deadline for including jats in the other backward class (OBC) category for job reservation and education.The stir was called off after A meeting between the committee members and chief parliamentary secretary (CPS) Dharamveer Singh, principal officer on special duty (OSD) M S Chopra and chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda at the PWD rest house here in the afternoon.This was fifth such attempt by the Hooda government to end the stir. Earlier, the Hooda team was in for a rude shock when agitating jats refused to withdraw the stir even after requests by AIJASS leaders, whoreached the venue of agitation on railway tracks after their release from Hisar jail on Sunday evening.After the meeting in Hisar, Jogi Ram Karwasra, father of Sandeep Kumar, announced that the body of his son would be cremated at the Mayyar village cremation ground. Soon after the cremation, the 15-member committee moved to the agitation venue to announce the decision of withdrawing the stir.Talking to TOI, AIJASS president Dharampal Chhot said, \"In the meeting, the government accepted that Sandeep Kumar will be declared a martyr; financial help will be given to the family members; proper investigation will be conducted into the death of Sandeep and a stadium will be built in his name.\"Chhot added, \"We will resume the stir from September 13, if the government fails to provide reservation under the OBC quota.\"The community will gather again in Mayyar on September 13 to observe the day as martyr's day in the memory of Sunil Sheoran, who had also died in police firing on the same day on 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12242263", "title": "Abbi writes to state EC, seeks nod for projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: After approving more than 100 development projects a day before the model code of conduct was implemented, the BJP-led MCD has now sought permission from Delhi State Election Commission to implement some of the projects.In a letter to Delhi State Election Commissioner Rakesh Mehta, Delhi mayor Rajni Abbi has asked for permission to disburse pension to widows and the physically challenged and distribute sewing machines to poor people.\"The disbursement of pension has been pending for the past six months. This is an obligatory function of the corporation. The release of pension has no political repercussions as it has to be disbursed in all the municipal wards,'' wrote Abbi.The election commissioner, however, said that he has not received any letter from the mayor yet. \"Though I have not received any letter from the mayor, there is no problem in giving pension and sewing machines to needy people,'' said Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245103", "title": "Is Yash Chopra's next titled 'Ishq London'?", "text": "That's the buzz doing the rounds though we guess Yash Raj could do with a more original title.Yash Chopra has it in him. You would get to know everything from the cast, crew to shooting locations of his film but the title comes last. That was the case with his last directorial venture Veer-Zaara and so is the case with his present movie which is being shot in London .If one recollects, the title of Veer-Zaara was revealed only close to the release of the film and all the while the film was being referred to as 'Yash Chopra's next' or 'Yash Chopra's untitled'. Perhaps that gave more brand recall value to the filmmaker (not that he needs to ask for it). And it seems the veteran filmmaker is adopting the same strategy with his present film starring Shah Rukh Khan , Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma . The film is yet to get a title.Evidently then the desperate fans of the filmmaker and some section of the media have been contemplating what the title of the film might be. The buzz since the past few days is that the title of the film is 'Ishq London' or 'London Ishq'. Perhaps the stories might have originated from the fact that Yash Chopra's film is essentially a love story and is being shot in London. Some reports have even gone ahead to append stills of clapperboard from the sets of the film where the title scribbled on the board is 'London Ishq'.However Yash Raj Films have not yet given any confirmation on the same. With 'London' and 'Ishq' both being popular ingredients for a Bollywood title, we hope the makers come with something more original.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12241428", "title": "Confident DVS mulls cabinet expansion", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda appears to have overcome another crisis. Hours after his predecessor, BS Yeddyurappa , did a volte-face on his much-touted rebellion and tamely announced in Hubli that he will strengthen the party, Gowda has now set about putting the house in order and focusing on the administration.As a first step, the CM will soon expand his cabinet, a minister close to Gowda said. With Yeddyurappa's rebellion threat neutralized, Gowda will have a free hand while negotiating cabinet berths with various party factions.According to the minister, Gowda is believed to have been emboldened by the fact that Yeddyurappa was virtually bulldozed into dropping his rebellious ways. On instructions from party president Nitin Gadkari , BJP's Karnataka in-charge Dharmendra Pradhan is believed to have done some plain-speaking to the ex-CM on the eve of the latter's Hubli rally.\"BJP doesn't mind losing its government and facing a snap election,\" the minister quoted Pradhan as telling Yeddyurappa while asking him not to do anything that will affect the party's interests.However, Yeddyurappa is sure not to spare any effort to get the best deal for his followers during the ministerial expansion. A minister close to Yeddyurappa said that the Hubli somersault came about only because Pradhan said that things were certain to look bright for the former CM. \"Yeddyurappa has been promised a respectable position after March 18. From being categorically denied a position, he is now being promised something. This is why he did not announce his breakway plans in Hubli,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12242519", "title": "Installations move out of galleries in art season", "text": "CHENNAI: For the last couple of days, Samar Singh Jodha has been working furiously at Ascendas IT Park. Not in any of the offices, but right outside the doorway getting his 2,100 kilos of concrete art installed in time for his opening at Art Chennai, an eight-day art summit in the city. And finally, by 4pm on March 12, it was all ready and bolted in place for viewing.From his office on the ninth floor, HR professional Srinivas Achary has been watching Jodha since 11am on Monday. \"As the day progressed, I got more and more curious,\" says Achary, who rushed down at 4pm because he heard there was going to be an inauguration. \"I now want to meet the artist,\" he says. \"I've been looking at these images for a while and want to know if my interpretation and the artist's are the same.\"Achary's curiosity and interest are exactly what installation artistes aspire to create with their work. \"It's public art,\" says Chennai-based installation artist Jacob Jebaraj, who will put up his installation of papier mache turtles at Marina Beach on Thursday. \"I like doing installation art because it allows reaction and interaction with the art,\" says Jebaraj, who does art on environmental issues.Jodha says his creation titled 'Discord' was born out of wanting to bring stories of real people to the fore. \"I am not Mr Decorative Art,\" says Jodha. \"India is seeing huge transformations at the moment and I am trying to show the story of human migration through my art.\" While Jodha's installation grabs attention outside the building, inside the lobby, Riyas Komu's metal and wood 'Last Pass' , a tribute to the people of Iraq , draws another group. The installation, which looks like a palanquin with four 'kicking' legs is supposed to be a salutation to the Iraqi footballers who, despite playing in exile became Asia Cup champions.Art Chennai convenor Sanjay Tulsyan is trying to take art out of galleries as he believes that art in public spaces not only helps people understand it but also drives economic activity. \"Art attracts people and regenerates spaces. So eventually , it drives economic activity too,\" he says, adding that large infrastructure project promoters should make space for art in their architecture.On Tuesday evening, three installations by Sheba Chhachhi and Bose Krishnamachari will be opened at Express Avenue mall. At Lalit Kala Akademi, another large work by Nataraj Sharma will be on show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12242225", "title": "Buoyed by victory, SP to contest all MCD seats, Cong denies vote split", "text": "NEW DELHI: The massive victory of the Samajwadi Party in UP assembly polls has buoyed it to put up candidates in all the wards in the MCD elections even though the Congress has dismissed the possibility of its vote bank being dented by it.The SP's stellar performance has given rise to speculation that it may hamper the Congress prospects just as the BSP did in the 2007 municipal polls. However, the Congress leadership was quick to dismiss the speculations.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Monday said the UP elections are unlikely to have an impact on the MCD polls. Congress leaders said the SP does not have a significant vote bank in the national capital and will not impact the polls.When asked about the Samajwadi Party's ambitions to spread their wings in Delhi, Dikshit said everyone is welcome. Usha Yadav, state president, Samajwadi Party, said the party will campaign on issues ranging from development to Congress misrule in the state. The party is also aiming to woo UP migrants, who have made Delhi their home, she said.However, political pundits assessing vote bank politics say the SP is unlikely to damage the prospects of the Congress, as their traditional OBC-Muslim vote bank may not translate into votes in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12242434", "title": "Secretariat best suited for hospital, govt tells HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The new assembly-cum-secretariat complex on Anna Salai is not suited for running a government office such as the secretariat, and that it is best suited for a publicutility like an hospital,theTamilN adu government has told the Madras high court. The counter has been filed in response to a public interest writ petition seeking to restrain the AIADMK government from modifying thestructureso astoconvertthe DMK government's dream project into a supe-specialty hospital. The counter, filed by a public works departmentofficial, also accusedthe previous government of attempting to shift certain government departments to the new building in haste.Noting thatthe prime minister inaugurated an incompletebuilding,itsaid that the state had two secretariats at that time.The publictoowereforcedtoincur additional time and expenditure to locate departments. The public and the staff were made to run from pillar to post for official works,itsaid. Reiterating that the government suspected irregularities, excess expenditure and violation of rules and approval norms, the counter said the government has appointed a one-man commission to go into thesedetails. As for the requirement of an environmental impact assessment clearance to use thebuilding as an hospital,thecounter said thatthe government plannedonly minimal changes to the existing building and that it would obtain consent to operate clearance from the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board. The counter also claimed that there was no complaint whatsoever about the alleged inconvenience and safety hazard to employees and the general public at the existing secretariat premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12248465", "title": "Ash, Sush, Lara, Priyanka in Tamil cinema before Bollywood", "text": "An interesting fact is that many Indian beauty queens were signed on for Tamil films before Hindi ones.Aishwarya Rai made her acting debut with Mani Ratna's Iruvar in 1997, Sushmita Sen was roped in for Ratchagan but first appeared on screen in Dastak, Lara Dutta was to make her debut in Arasatchi, but the film got shelved owing to financial difficulties, Priyanka Chopra made her acting debut in 2002 in Thamizhan; Yukta Mookhey made her first screen appearance (albeit a guest appearance) in Poovellam Un Vasam in 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12242514", "title": "Chip that spots toxicity, predicts heart attack", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you want to know how much pesticide is in your cold drink, food or even the amount that has already entered your blood stream, you could find out through a matchbox sized, biosensor chip weighing 200gm that is available for a mere Rs 5. It has been developed by Priyanka Sharma, a 28-year-old scientist from the Institute of Microbial Technology (IMTECH), Chandigarh. Also, this is the only chip whose low sensitivity allows it to be applied for prediction of cardiac arrest and increase in glucose level in a diabetic.The cost of the reusable chip has been reduced by cutting down on the thickness of the gold used to pick up the pesticides. \"The team had been working on the project for two years. We had been discussing the pesticide issue with eminent environmentalists. A very thin layer of gold has been used in the chip which allows higher sensitivity, allowing detection of pesticides of very minute quantity,\" said C Raman Suri, under whose supervision the project has been carried out.Priyanka has recently been selected for MIT's ( Massachusetts Institute of Technology ) India TR35 2012 Award for young technology innovators. Her work has also been published in prestigious journals including \"Nature\" and \"Biosensors and Bioelectronics.\"Priyanka who is in Goa for a national conference said, \"We have already got an Indian patent for the chip and European patent is being processed.\"This study provides a method for rapidly screening environmental samples for pesticides at very low cost. \"This chip could also be used successfully for other applications such as specific disease markers in diabetic, cardiac or infectious diseases. So, a blood test through this chip can predict if you can get a heart attack or your glucose level will soar or not if you are a diabetic,\" said Priyanka.Besides, Priyanka, the main contributor of the work, other participants who played an active role in developing this technology are Kavita Sablok and Vijendra Bhalla, who teach at IMTECH, besides support of the director of the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12241950", "title": "Polls apart: Splitsville post result", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 1970s Bollywood flick 'Abhimaan' depicted how a wife's success sowed seeds of jealousy in her husband leading to fissures in their romantic relationship. The movie's sequel has been enacted in Uttar Pradesh where a man, who lost election, has divorced his wife who completed a hat-trick of wins.Ghazala Lari married Chowdhuri Mohammad Basheer after the death of her first husband Murad Lari, who was BSP MLA from Salempur. She contested the election from the same seat in 2002 and won by 4,000 votes. Impressed with the inner strength of his widow colleague who entered the political turf to support her children, Basheer soon developed a liking for her. \"His (Basheer) mother came to my mother several times with a marriage proposal and she (Ghazala) got married in July 2003,\" said a family friend. \"In 2005, the couple was blessed with a daughter as well,\" added the friend.In 2007, the duo joined the Samajwadi Party. Both contested the elections on SP ticket. While Ghazala again contested from Salempur and won, Basheer lost the election. She successfully retained her seat even though most of the sitting MLAs from the Samajwadi Party lost. Family sources say the couple started having differences after Ghazala's victory. Ghazala doesn't speak much on the issue but admits that her in-laws did not like her being in contact with her first husband's family. \"It appeared that they wanted to alienate me from my children,\" says the MLA who completed her hat-trick from the Rampur Karkhana seat.After SP denied ticket to Basheer this time, he joined the Congress. But when he failed to procure ticket, he again switched loyalty and joined the Rashtriya Samanta Dal. He contested from Agra South seat and lost miserably. In fact, he got only 10,000 votes. Two days after declaration of election results, Basheer called a press conference in Agra and formally announced his separation from Ghazala.Ghazala, however, says the divorce took place in 2010. \"He recently took our daughter and got her admitted to a boarding school,\" she says. Her supporters claimed that Basheer purposefully made the announcement now. \"A period of Iddat follows after the divorce in which a woman has to strictly follow purdah and other norms. In fact, she cannot even venture out of the house. Since she is being seen as a probable minister in Team Akhilesh, the announcement could have scuttled her chances,\" says Naseeb, a supporter.Some locals said Basheer grew jealous of his wife's success. Ghazala says she has no option but to believe this. \"Maine bhi yahi suna hai... aur agar unhone media mein kaha hai toh shayad sach hi jo,\" she says. Basheer was not available for comments. But local media reports suggest that he disagrees on this count. \"There were personal reasons for divorce,\" said a local scribe citing Basheer.Ghazala says women are better administrators and functionaries than men and adds: \"If Netaji will direct and Akhilesh Ji will wish, I will take the responsibility.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12240416", "title": "SC notices have Kiran in a cleft stick", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the Supreme Court issuing notices to six ministers to explain their role in the Jagan assets case, the Congress on Monday appears to have got ensnared in the trap set by it for the YSR Congress chief. Although chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy rejected the opposition demand that the ministers be dropped, party sources said the SC directive has put Kiran Kumar Reddy in a spot as he cannot whole-heartedly defend the ministers or drop them as they are powerful in their own right and can trigger a political crisis in the state.Advocate Ponnavolu Sudhakar Reddy, the petitioner in the case that was heard by the apex court on Monday, is said to be an ardent YSR Congress sympathizer and, according to sources in the party, it was Jaganmohan Reddy who persuaded the advocate to move the apex court after the CBI court and the AP High Court had dismissed his petition. Coming as it did on the day the YSR Congress completed one year of its existence, the SC directive gave the party activists something to cheer about.According to Congress sources, the dilemma before the CM is that if the state government defends its GOs and gives a clean chit to its ministers, the case that is being investigated by the CBI against Jagan will weaken and the Kadapa MP might turn this to his advantage. He may even push the state government into defending him against the CBI, which will make things worse for the Kiran Kumar Reddy government. \"Let the government first announce its stand on the 26 GOs. Let it denounce them and say they are irregular,\" pointed DV Somayajulu, advisor to YSR Congress.On the other hand, if Kiran Kumar Reddy decides to declare that the 26 GOs issued during the YSR regime were 'irregular', then he would be forced to sacrifice the six ministers as they were part of the decisions taken by the then government. \"The ministers who are named in the case are powerful and have support of a substantial number of Congress MLAs. Dropping them from the government will lead to a fresh political crisis in the state,\" said the sources.\"The cabinet decisions would have collective responsibility. We will face the consequences arising out of these notices,\" said Kiran Kumar in the floor of the Assembly. Interestingly, Kiran was not a member of the YSR cabinet and has been looking for an opportunity to drop some of the senior ministers who have been taking an independent line.In the meantime, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana said that 'the cabinet will not take responsibility for the backdoor dealings'. He made it clear that the cabinet would only discuss the issues presented before it and would take decisions. But other ministers, who were not involved in the land allotments, have stated that a thorough inquiry would expose all shady deals and steer clear the party from the corruption charges.\"The CBI is investigating some cases and is in the process of filing the chargesheet. Now, some more issues have come up and they also need to be investigated,\" health minister DL Ravindra Reddy told TOI. Meanwhile, agriculture minister Kanna Laxminarayana announced that he would not go to any court and try to stall the court proceedings as was done by TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu. \"I will face any inquiry and come out clean. But will not try for a stay on the court decision,\" Kanna Laxminarayana told TOI.The TDP said that it would not rest until the 'tainted' ministers resigned from their posts or the CM dismissed them from the cabinet. They expressed apprehensions that the ministers, after receiving the notices from the apex court, might hush up crucial evidence including some vital files to safeguard their posts. \"If the corrupt ministers refuse to resign, the chief minister should dismiss them from the cabinet,\" said TDP deputy leader P Ashok Gajapati Raju.Banking on the support of the TDP, the YSR Congress is now looking at dividing the Congress and persuading some more MLAs to join its side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12241117", "title": "Rogue white car remains elusive", "text": "BANGALORE: Police seem to have hit a dead end in their efforts to trace the rogue white Honda Civic car whose occupant fired from his air pistol at another car which refused to give way for him on February 12 in Sadashivanagar. A14-year-boy travelling in the second vehicle was injured.\"The case has lost track. They couldn't find the car from which the assailants fired at our boy Nithin Lingaraju even three weeks after the incident,\" a family member told TOI. The victim's family alleged that lax police action could be because of some influential people's involvement in the incident.Nithin's father Lingaraju was driving the car which was shot at. Lingaraju identified the car model and was able to recall the number partially: KA 04 and 4611. While KA 04 identified the RTO where the vehicle was registered, Yeshwantpur, the other digits are the number proper. The only missing link here is the series; vehicle numbers usually have one or two alphabets between the RTO code and registration number which indicate the year in which the vehicle may have been registered.Police claim their efforts to pursue the leads provided by Lingaraju drew a blank. RTO sources said the cops' claim is puzzling. A transport department official said it is not difficult to zero in on the car and the process is easy if transport vehicles like taxis, cabs and other yellow board vehicles are not counted.\"It's not a Herculean task to find a Honda car whose registration number includes KA-04 and 4611. The police department can check our servers. The gateway is open 24 hours,\" the official said.He said private vehicles are listed under M alphabet and has nine series with the current being MG. Deputy commissioner of police (central) G Ramesh said Sadashivanagar police had been checking surveillance cameras kept by traffic police at Mehkri Circle and Bashyam Circle, but there was no trace of the particular Honda Civic car.\"The trouble is with the number Lingaraju noted down; two alphabets missing,\" he said.Automobile experts said every dealer maintains a dossier of cars they have sold and these vehicles do come back to them for servicing and maintenance. \"These data will be in computers of the dealers and they can be easily retrieved,\" an expert pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12242185", "title": "Rallies demand strict implementation of Chhotanagpur Tenancy Act", "text": "RANCHI: Several rallies were held in the city on Monday, demanding strict implementation of the Chhotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act.While the Jharkhand Bachao Andolan (JBA) took out a rally from the Birsa Chowk near the assembly to the Morhabadi ground, the CNT Act Suraksha Samiti members marched from the samadhi of Birsa Munda to Albert Ekka Chowk to press for their demand of strict implementation of the Act, which bans the sale or transfer of land owned by people of the reserved category to general category.JBA also demanded action against the government officers who allegedly violated the Act and supported transfer and sale of such lands. Organisation chief and former MP Salkhan Murmu, who led the rally, said: \"Jharkhand was carved out of Bihar in November 2000 to safeguard the interest of tribals. It is surprising that the government has not taken adequate steps to protect them and never implemented the CNT Act properly. Even after the Jharkhand High Court passed an order asking the state to strictly implement the Act, the government does not appear to be serious. This has forced us to launch agitations to create pressure on the government,\" said Murmu.He alleged that parties like BJP, AJSU and JMM are not concerned about the welfare of the masses, especially the poor, and that is why they have ignored the court order.Members of CNT Act Suraksha Samiti said they will intensify the agitation if the government fails to implement the orders of the court in favour of the poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12242157", "title": "Season change makes pets shed more", "text": "LUDHIANA: Tanya Riat of Field Ganj has been having a tough time caring for her Saint Bernard, Hugo, who is shedding a lot of hair due to the change of seasons. Tanya said she has been consulting doctors to find a solution for the problem but it has been troubling her.\"It is not the first time that Hugo is shedding but I am just as worried. We have consulted a doctor and are following some medical guidelines to handle the condition as best as possible. Hugo has very thick hair and I try to brush it so that he does not shed too much,\" she said.According to veterinary doctors pet dogs that live indoors shed throughout the year, particularly during summer months. Cats and other pets like rabbits and guinea pigs are also shedders and can suffer from hairballs if they are not groomed well.Amanpreet Kaur, a resident of Sarabha Nagar, said she has a three-year-old cat called Garfield, who has also been shedding a lot of hair this season. \"There is hair in every corner of the house but I am not able to do anything about it. Garfield sheds throughout the year but when seasons change, the amount that is shed increases a lot. I am just waiting for this season to pass,\" she said.Charanjeet Singh, who stays in New Model Town, said the story is the same with his pet sheep dog, Tuffy. \"We find it difficult to manage the fallen hair so we are planning to cut his thick coat,\" he said.Veterinary doctor Jaspreet Singh said change of seasons, nutrition deficiency and lack of vitamins could cause hair shedding. \"Pet owners need to pay attention to the diet and hygiene of their pets. Good quality shampoo should be used,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12242090", "title": "New department to look after differently abled", "text": "NAGPUR: Three crore Indians suffer from various disabilities. To address their needs, the Union ministry of social justice and empowerment has decided to set up a separate department. Union minister for social justice and Ramtek MP Mukul Wasnik took the initiative to chart out this new course. The decision was announced by President Pratibha Patil in her address to Parliament on Monday.The new department will have a separate secretary, joint secretaries and other staff. It will also have a separate budget. As of now, total budget for the sector is around Rs 500 crore but after creation of new department there will be a considerable increase. The ministry has also taken up work of replacing The Persons with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act, 1995 by a new legislation.As of now, there will be seven national institutes under the disability department -- the National Institute for the Visually Handicapped (NIVH), National Institute for the Hearing Handicapped (NIHH), National Institute for the Orthopaedically Handicapped (NIOH), National Institute for the Mentally Handicapped (NIMH), Pt. Deen Dayal Upadhyay Institute for the Physically Handicapped (PDDUIPH), Swami Vivekanand National Institute for Rehabilitation, Training &amp; Research (SVNIRTAR), and National Institute for Empowerment of Persons with Multiple Disabilities (NIEPMD), apart from the Artificial Limbs Manufacturing Corporation of India (ALIMCO).There is also a National Handicapped Finance and Development Corporation (NHFDC) that finances various schemes for the economic empowerment of persons with disabilities. Through various schemes the government supports residential schools and hostels, vocational training centres, special schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12242459", "title": "Power cuts take a toll on zoo animals", "text": "CHENNAI: Two years ago, an 18-foot-long female Indian king cobra died at the city's zoological park in Vandalur due to the failure of an airconditioner in its enclosure caused by frequent power cuts. Zoo officials had hoped it would be a one-off incident, but they were wrong.Since then, the power situation in the state has worsened and the upkeep of animals at the Arignar Anna Zoological Park (Vandalur zoo) has become a challenge for zoo officials. Unlike the city where the scheduled power cut is only for two hours daily, the zoo functions without electricity for 10 hours as it falls under the neighbouring Kancheepuram district. To make things worse, there are unscheduled power cuts too, for a few hours in the night.The erratic power supply has affected the functioning of the ACs in the enclosure of heat-sensitive species like the king cobra. The AC is run only for a few hours during the day, while it is switched off in the night. Due to this, the serpent's health has deteriorated. \"King cobras prefer rain forests, humid jungles, thick undergrowth and cool swamps. In India, they are found in the Western Ghats and the northeast where tropical evergreen forests exist. Airconditioned enclosure is meant to provide an environment similar to the natural habitat,\" said a zoo official.To help the animals beat the heat, zoo officials have also set up sprinklers. The zoo requires around six lakh litres of water daily and plans to set up 20 sprinklers more at the 35 hectare-deer safari. Power is needed to pump in water from wells, borewells and the Otteri lake. Besides ensuring that the food for the animals doesn't get spoilt, the zoo officials also need to make sure that the veterinary hospital can run without a hitch.They have also begun to give watermelon, tender coconut, buttermilk and orange to primates, elephants, bears and chimps to keep them cool. Roofs of water birds' enclosures are covered with coconut leaves and wet gunny bags. Fresh river sand has been spread on the floor to make it cooler for the animals. Water is sprinkled on the sand to provide some relief to the animals.At present, a lone 100kV generator is used to meet the power shortage. Zoo officials plan to buy another 100kV generator for 8 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12242009", "title": "Paddy farmers not happy with CM's package: Patole", "text": "BHANDARA: Paddy growing farmers of the district are disappointed with the chief minister's package of Rs 2,000 crore and lowest rate to paddy in the market. The government which advocates changing of crop pattern in the district, should grant permission to farmers for opium farming as it is permitted in Rajasthan, Hariyana and Madhya Pradesh , which gives huge profit to farmers, said BJP MLA and deputy party leader in legislative assembly Nana Patole while addressing a media conference in Bhandara on Monday.Patole said that the chief minister had announced Rs 2,000 crore package for paddy, cotton and soyabean farmers of the district, but when the government resolution was issued, it became clear that paddy growing farmers won't benefit from the package as they do not fulfill the criteria in the GR. Similarly, the rate of paddy in the market has gone down to such an extent that the farmers have to sell it below the minimum support price.Farmers of the district are ready for change in cropping pattern and opium farming is the best crop for making the change as it gives Rs 5 lakh per acre to farmers.Patole said that whenever cotton, sugarcane growing farmers face crisis, the entire Cabinet goes to Delhi to find a solution. Recently there was ban on cotton export announced by the central government. The chief minister himself went to Delhi and export ban was lifted, but in the case of paddy, a lower rank minister of the cabinet do not go to the capital to find out solution. So, opium farming is the only option for farmers to save themselves from poverty.He said that the chief minister has not kept his promise on the package benefits, so privilege motion against the CM will be tabled in the budget session. Similarly, establishment of thermal power plant in village Rohana will be opposed and won't be allowed to come up in the village, and a calling attention motion regarding power plant will be raised in the assembly session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12240849", "title": "CID fails to file progress report on time", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Monday criticized the state Criminal Investigation Department (CID) for not filing a progress report on the Pune Urban Land Ceiling scam for over a year just because the matter is pending in the Supreme Court.A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a public interest litigation filed in 2008 by Madhav Bhandari alleging that fake orders were passed under the Urban Land Ceiling and Regulation Act (ULCRA) 1976 to grab land in the Pune urban agglomeration. The SC had stayed the HC's order transferring the case to the CBI.Public prosecutor Pandurang Pol said no progress report had been filed because the matter is pending in the SC. \"Under the guise that the matter is pending in the SC, you are not investigating the matter,'' said Justice Majmudar. \"These days there are reasons to doubt the bona fide of officers. So many builders and government officers are alleged to be involved. Who are the beneficiaries?\" he asked.The judges were also peeved when told that the investigation officer (IO) was absent and had to come from Pune. \"How far is Pune?\" asked Justice Majmudar.The judges in their order noted that it was \"unfortunate\" that till date no progress report has been filed, and directed the IO to be present at the next hearing on March 19, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240908", "title": "BJP supports merger of 15 more villages in PMC limits", "text": "PUNE: The BJP has supported district guardian minister Ajit Pawar's proposal to include 15 villages in the limits of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).\"During their rule in the state in 1997, the saffron alliance had taken a decision to merge 38 villages into Pune city. But when the NCP came into power in 2000, the new government decided to include only 23 villages of the 38. Now, after nearly 15 years NCP leaders are rethinking their decision,\" said city BJP president Vikas Mathkari, at a press conference, on Monday.\"Growth in these 15 villages has been haphazard. If they are included in the Pune civic limits now, it will increase the pressure on civic infrastructure. This unplanned development could have been avoided had the NCP taken a decision to merge these villages in Pune city some 15 years back. So, though the decision is good, it has come late,\" he said.Mayor Mohansingh Rajpal said, \"If the decision is implemented, villages such as Urali Devachi and Fursungi will come in the jurisdiction of Pune Municipal Corporation. This will help in better management of issues like garbage disposal.\"Meanwhile, the mayor said he has written a letter to NCP president Sharad Pawar suggesting city unit chief Vandana Chavan's name for the Rajya Sabha berth.City BJP chief Vikas Mathkari said their party leader in the PMC will be selected on Tuesday. \"Five corporators have shown interest in the post and one among them will be selected,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12242236", "title": "ISM meet on petroleum", "text": "DHANBAD: A national symposium on petroleum industry \"the way ahead\" began at the department of petroleum engineering at Indian School of Mines University here on Monday.The department also organized Petrotech, the annual convention of the of petroleum engineering department participated by students from all over the country. ISM director D C Panigrahi, who chaired the inaugural session, said the petroleum industry was key to national economy. The two-day meet is being attended by Shyamal Bhattacharya, director of ONGC Videsh Limited, Santosh Chandra, director (drilling and production) among others. CAIM India, Anand Kumar, director general of Petro-Tech Society, T K Nag, director of the Central Coalfields Limited and Anil Johri, the executive director of ONGC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12241565", "title": "MMC to hold meet on'Women in science'", "text": "PATNA: Even as women are quite under-represented in science and technology and potential female researchers still hesitate in making a career in research, some initiatives have of late been taken to attract them towards scientific pursuits.With a view to motivating the women teachers to undertake research projects in different disciplines of science, Magadh Mahila College ( MMC), in collaboration with Central University of Bihar (CUB), has organized a two-day UGC-sponsored national conference on \"Women in science\" here on March 14 and 15.College principal Dolly Sinha, who is herself a teacher of physics, said the issue of underrepresentation of women in science is being viewed with a great deal of concern all over the country. The scenario is more depressing in Bihar. The conference would go a long way in removing their inhibitions and encouraging them to undertake meaningful research projects, she said.Bihar HRD minister P K Shahi will be the chief guest at the inaugural session and HRD secretary S Shiva Kumar will be the guest of honour. Central University vice-chancellor Janak Pandey will preside. National monitor of the Union ministry for rural development Anuj Sinha, Delhi University teacher Anita Kamra Verma and Anamika Prasad of the US will address the participants.Dean resigns: Patna University students' welfare dean P K Poddar resigned from the post for contesting elections to the Patna University Teachers' Association. He submitted his resignation to the vice-chancellor on Monday when the university reopened after Holi.Poddar is contesting for the Puta presidentship and is locked in a straight contest with PU economics department head Rai Murari. Candidates contesting for various offices of Puta moved in groups from one college to another and from one department to the other on Monday, seeking the votes of their colleagues. The elections will be held on March 17.AKU anniversary: Aryabhatt Knowledge University (AKU) will celebrate its second anniversary here on March 19 on a grand scale. HRD minister P K Shahi, health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey and chief secretary Navin Kumar are likely to grace the occasion, said AKU vice-chancellor S N Guha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12239802", "title": "PM rules out snap polls, says UPA has the numbers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asserted that UPA had \"the numbers\" in face of speculation on early polls and sought the cooperation of political parties on challenges facing the nation.\"I am confident we have all the numbers that are needed,\" he told the media in Parliament when asked about reports on parties wanting an early poll.Singh said he was confident that the budget session would run smoothly and appealed to political parties to cooperate with the government in tackling challenges before the country.\"I am confident that this budget session will run smoothly. I also appeal to all political parties to cooperate with the government in evolving a broad-based consensus on all the major challenges that our country faces,\" he said.The PM's comments came even as President Pratibha Patil's address to the joint sitting of Parliament was interrupted at the start by DMK MPs raising questions about a resolution against Sri Lanka in Geneva. Other issues to be raised were statehood for Telangana, sub-quota for minorities and shortage of fertilizers.The sloganeering will only have served to remind Congress managers that negotiating business will be a demanding task as Parliament will be vulnerable to various sectional demands.Singh played down suggestions to pressures on the government after the outcome of elections to five state assemblies saying \"pressure is part of Parliamentary life\".\"Well, I think pressure is a part of parliamentary life. We are willing to discuss and debate all the issues on the floor of Parliament,\" he said.\"...and I, therefore, appeal to all political parties to work together in the spirit of cooperation to meet the enormous challenges and opportunities that our country faces,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12248569", "title": "Juhi Chawla, Deepika Padukone debuted in Kannada films", "text": "Bollywood actresses Juhi Chawla and Deepika Padukone began their acting career in Kannada films and then moved onto Hindi cinema.While Juhi Chawla was seen in a Kannada-Tamil bilingual titled Premaloka, Deepika was first seen in a movie called 'Aishwarya'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244715", "title": "A fun-filled Friday night", "text": "When it comes to letting their hair down on a Friday night, Kolkatans are more than willing to lead the way.So, despite the first day of the zero hour restrictions in place, the regulars at Tantra, The Park, turned up to party.Revellers were seen chilling out by the bar and couples cosying up with good spirits for company! Among the party people, the gang of Vishal, Sana, Dheera and Nikita had a whale of time soaking up the electronica tracks belted out by DJs Gaurav and Avinash. Long legged Suchira and Trishita looked pretty as they grooved and posed for our camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245005", "title": "Music keeps the party going", "text": "The sun set over a sultry Chennai evening in the most magnificent manner and it prompted the nocturnal animals of the city to throng the pubs and joints in search of their nightly kicks.The week might just have started off in a hurry with these folks rushing to work and getting back to their desks and boardrooms. But the spirit of partying lives on, thanks to the enthusiasm of these youngsters. Just check out the scene at this popular restobar which witnessed heavy footfalls over the weekend. The boys and girls had come together to drive their workday blues away. A couple of suds and some munchies later, these revellers were set for the night. Oh yes, how could we forget the music? The affable DJ spun some eclectic mixes which ensured the joint was packed to the hilt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12239964", "title": "Railway Budget: Less hopes this year as promises unfulfilled", "text": "JAIPUR: In last year's rail budget, the then minister Mamata Banerjee had announced 14 new trains for Rajasthan. A year later, when her successor Dinesh Trivedi will be presenting the latest budget, most of her promises remain unfulfilled with eight trains yet to see the light of the day. This include the Jaipur-Delhi double decker, Jaipur-Agra Shatabdi and Ajmer-Nizamuddhin express trains.The biggest disappointment is over the Jaipur - Delhi double decker non-stop train which many were waiting for eagerly.Asked about the status of these trains, a senior officer North Western Railway said on Monday: \"The trains which are still awaited include the Jaipur-Delhi double decker, Ajmer-Nizamuddhin AC train via Phulera-Ringus and Jaipur-Agra Shatabdi as the railway board is yet to give its nod to the schedule of these trains.\"\"There are no indications from the railway board on the tentative schedule of these trains which were the most awaited,\" said an office-bearer of railways employees union.However, NWR officials still maintained that five trains which were awaited are likely to run within a week.\"The railway authorities has clarified that some of the trains announced in the last rail budget including Bandra - Jammu Tawi (weekly), Mumbai - Chandigarh via Phulera-Ringus (weekly), Udaipur-Bandra (tri-weekly), Bhagalpur-Ajmer(weekly), Howrah - Jaisalmer(weekly) will chug off within a week,\" said an official of NWR.Confirming the dates of Howrah-Jaisalmer, an officer said that the up train had already started from Howarh on Monday while it will return from Jaisalmer on March 15.Other major announcements which are yet to convert into reality included developing eight railway stations of North Western Railway as model stations. \"It was proposed in last year's budget to develop Barmer, Churu, Jalore, Jodhpur, Nagaur, Ratangarh, Sadulpur and Mahendragarh as model stations. However, not a single railway station has got any change in its infrastructural facilities so far,\" said an office-bearer of North Western Railway Employees Union.Not just the railway passengers but the railway employees too are waiting for a few things to happen including a super-specialty hospital at Bandikui. A mechanized laundry for washing the linen which was proposed for Bikaner, Jodhpur and Jaipur were yet to materialize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241591", "title": "SC notice to 7 telecom companies on transfer of case from Delhi high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday issued notices to seven mobile telephone service providers, including Bharti Airtel and Vodafone, on a plea seeking transfer from Delhi High Court to apex court a petition by NGO 'Telecom Watchdog', which had sought cancellation of alleged irregular allocation of spectrum in excess of entry level 4.4MHz and 6.2 MHz.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya issued notice on the transfer petition and asked the respondents to file their replies in four weeks.The petitioner had pleaded that the apex court was already dealing with similar issues and hence, it would be in the interest of justice that the PIL by Telecom Watchdog be heard by it rather than the HC. The other telecom companies named as respondents in the transfer petition are Reliance Telecom Ltd, Idea Cellular Ltd , Loop Mobile (India) Limited, Spice Communications Pvt Ltd and Aircel Cellular Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12241957", "title": "HC takes strong note of clinical trials on Indians without consent", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has sought the names of foreign pharmaceutical companies, which indulged in clinical trials of medicines on Indian citizens, causing few deaths. The court has posted the matter for next hearing on March 19.A division bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi said that the act of these companies amounted to offence under section 302/304/304-A of the IPC. The court also said that it may consider awarding substantial damages in individual cases as clinical trials on Indian citizens without their consent, and adopting proper safety measures violated the principles of right to live incorporated in Article 21 of the Indian Constitution.\"There is no dispute about the unethical practice involved in clinical trial of foreign medicines on Indian citizens. It has direct bearing on the right under Article 21,\" said the bench. A PIL filed by Rahul Dutta had said that the foreign pharmaceutical companies have indulged in practice of testing their medicines on Indian citizens without their consent, before launching them in the market. The trials have often resulted into death of innocent persons, who were not even aware of the kind of tests being applied on them. A benevolent dosage of free medicines may prompt an educated person to think about the doctor's gesture, while the same may not hold true for a man with meagre resources. The patient's 'obvious OK' is usually followed by the doctor telling the patient to go to an assistant and get his details noted. The assistant may ask the patient to bring in his BPL or voter card to prove his identity. After a thumb impression or sign on the paper, the man walks away with free medicine without realising that he agreed to become a guinea pig for a multi-national pharmaceutical company.Welcome to the world of clinical trials in India. \"One of the biggest advantages of conducting clinical trials in India is the availability of large patient pool that can be recruited at much shorter time than in the west,\" said a company in its report titled 'booming clinical trials market in India'. \"The salaries of clinical data specialist and medical writers are 15% and 9% of what is spent in the US. It also does not provide 'data exclusivity' which is mandatory in US and European countries,\" the report further said.The potential has become a free for all in the absence of a defined legal framework. Consider the example of Lucknow. Besides the apex institutes like Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University and Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences and Council for Scientific and Industrial Research ( CSIR) labs, several private research centres and committees have come up in less than two years.One of the 'super-speciality' research centre located in a narrow lane of Chowk area is just 20 metres from Medical university's majestic campus. The website of this centre claims that the number of ongoing trials (at their centre) is 28 some of which are in the crucial phase II and III. However, researchers in one of the apex institutes said that the number of trials is more than 40. One of the trials conducted by this centre has reportedly raised doubts in the minds of officials of US Food and Drug Administration. The agency has decided to conduct an audit of the work done by them. The projects by these centres are cleared by private ethics committees. One such committee, in Aliganj area is headed by a former faculty member from CSMMU. Interestingly, the doctor is associated with controversies related to clinical trials. Two core members in his team are closely related to the faculty member. \"Clinical trials offer a good chance to private hospitals to make big money. MNCs know that their input cost would get down by 80% if they come to India. The preference for private hospitals is due to ease of operation as paper work is less cumbersome than what it is in recognized institutes,\" said a member of the ethics committee at SGPGI.\"And this has led to exploitation of people and families across India,\" believes Rahul Dutta, a legal activist. When asked to comment, drug controller, UP, Dr AK Jain said, \"This is not a part of my job. Clinical trials come in the work area of Drug Controller General of India (DGCI).\" DGCI officials said that they are trying to build a system for change, but refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12240937", "title": "Budget 2012: Car sales up 13% on post-Budget price hike fears", "text": "NEW DELHI: Car sales zoomed 13% in February as buyers flooded showrooms, owing to fears of a price hike after Budget. This was the steepest pace of growth since April 2011 to 2.11 lakh units against 1.86 lakh units a year earlier.According to figures released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (Siam), sales were high in the month as the country's top four passenger vehicle makers - Maruti, Tata Motors , Hyundai and Mahindra - saw a year-on-year growth in volumes. While General Motors, Volkswagen and Ford saw a decline in numbers, others like Toyota and Honda gained.But analysts and company officials say that the euphoria in the car industry, that comes in a year of highly depressing demand, may be shortlived if the Budget scares come true. The government has spoken of a duty hike on diesel cars in the Budget and companies say that the measure will hit the volume-productive category the most. The steep price differential between petrol and diesel fuels has seen the demand for diesel cars skyrocket and if the government slaps an additional duty on them to compensate the subsidy the fuel enjoys, the recent run in sales may slip.Against a 30% growth last fiscal, car sales in the 11 months of this fiscal have grown 0.3% as factors like high interest rates, a slowdown in the economy and rapidly-rising price of petrol have dented demand. The rise in input costs is also a worry for companies that are scared to raise prices as it can further dampen demand. Sales in February were also aided by heavy discounts offered by companies to lure buyers. Rising inventory levels have seen companies and dealers offload stocks at discounts.\"The sales were not on expected lines as the market continues to be sluggish. High interest rates, hike in fuel prices, commodity prices, growing inflation, and negative market sentiments continue to put lot of pressure on the automobile market,\" P Balendran, Vice President at General Motors India, said. GM's sales fell 4% in February.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12248203", "title": "More Indians have mobile phones than bathrooms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly half of the country's population don't have a bathroom at home and defecate in open, but more people own a mobile phone.According to the Census 2011 data on houses, household amenities and assets released today, only 46.9 per cent of the India's 24.66 crore households have the latrine facility while 49.8 per cent go for open defecation and 3.2 per cent people use public toilets.Jharkhand tops the list with 77 per cent of households having no toilet facilities, followed by 76.6 per cent people in Odisha and 75.8 per cent population in Bihar.However, 63.2 per cent households own a telephone -- 53.2 per cent of them a mobile phone, according to the figures released by Union Home Secretary R K Singh.Tele density is the highest in Lakshadweep where 93.6 per cent households own a telephone set, followed by Delhi and Union Territory Chandigarh where 90.8 per cent and 89.2 per cent households respectively own telephone sets.\"Open defecation continues to be a big concern for the country as almost half of the population (49.8 per cent) do it.Cultural and traditional reasons and lack of education were the prime reasons for this unhygienic practice. We have to do a lot in these fronts,\" Registrar General and Census Commissioner C Chandramouli said.Besides, 62.5 per cent rural population continue to use fire-wood as fuel for cooking and 44.8 per cent people's mode of transport is cycle while computer with internet facility has penetrated into country's just 3.1 per cent population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "johdpur", "code": "12240045", "title": "Farmers stall construction of IIT building in Jodhpur", "text": "JOHDPUR: Terming it to be a breach of trust by the state government, the farmers, whose land has been acquired for IIT-Jodhpur here, again stalled the construction of the building on Monday morning. Last month, the agitated farmers demanding higher compensation, had blocked the construction of the power station after persuasion of MP Chandresh Kumari.Laxman Singh Choudhary, who had been leading the protest, said that all the farmers had been assured of a good deal during acquisition of the land for IIT in Karwad village. \"On this assurance we accepted 80% payment at the then DLC rate on the advice of the government, but when the remaining 20% payment was made with the same rate, we felt cheated and returned the payment,\" said Choudhary adding that unless they were assured of the promised return, they would continue their agitation.There are 126 farmers, whose land has been acquired for the IIT and all of them are sitting on a relay hunger strike since February 22. \"We were assured of some development by Monday but we have not yet received any reply from government side. So we again stalled the work of boundary wall and asked the contractor to go away,\" he said.On February 17, the villagers had blocked the work of the construction of the Ground Sub Station at the site, which was resumed on next day amid police security. The police had registered a case against the villagers in the matter. MP Chandresh Kumari had taken up the matter and had assured the villagers to wait until the written assurance of the government comes.A committee constituted under the chairmanship of divisional commissioner had also held a meeting on the issue and had written to the government for the opinion. \"Negotiations with the villagers are in progress so as to arrive at a price, they want, to be sent to the government for final decision\", said R K Jain, divisional commissioner.Choudhary said that they were not against the IIT but they also want a fair deal with the villagers, who have given their land for this premier institution. \"We want 20% residential and 5% commercial land and job for one member of each affected family. But if this is not possible, price at the rate of Rs 20 lakh to 35 lakh per bigha, depending upon the distance form the highway, should be given in return\", said Choudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "12241665", "title": "Five killed as lorry barges into tea shops", "text": "DINDIGUL: Five villagers were killed on the spot and four others sustained serious injuries when a lorry rammed into several roadside tea shops on Monday morning.A manure-laden lorry from Sattur in Virudhunagar district was going towards Tharapuram and when it neared Permualkovilvalasu village in Kallimandayam police limits near Oddanchathiram at around 6 am, the driver lost control and rammed the vehicle into two nearby tea shops. The vehicle came to a halt after hitting a huge banyan tree near the tea shops.In the impact, Jayan alias Subramani and his brother Sankaran, Palanisamy, Andavan and Perumal from Perumalkovilvalasu village, who were standing near the tea shop died on the spot. The tea shop owner, Rajathi and other villagers Murugan, Paulraj and Thangavel sustained serious injuries and were rushed to the Oddanchathiram Government Hospital. Kallimandayam police were informed and they rushed to spot and carried out the rescue works. They recovered the bodies from the spot and sent them for post-mortem.Local sources said that it was usual for the villagers to assemble in the tea shops early morning. As many of them are daily labourers they used to proceed to their work after consuming tea in those shops. When the lorry lost its control, the people who saw it fled to safety sensing danger. However, the five who were killed failed to take notice of the lorry and were crushed to death, they said.An eyewitness said that the driver lost control of the vehicle near a curve and came directly towards the people in the tea shops. A youth, who was standing with his bike saw the lorry coming towards the shop and fled leaving the vehicle. The two-wheeler was reduced to a rubble as the lorry ran over it, he stated.Angered by the incident, the villagers staged a road roko affecting traffic on the Oddanchathiram - Tharapuram section. The villagers said that two years ago, three people were killed in a similar manner when a bus rammed into a tea shop two years ago. Hence, the villagers have been demanding the authorities to realign the road in that particular section skipping the dangerous curve where the accident occurred, but to no avail.Police and government officials rushed to the spot and held talks with the villagers. They assured them villagers that necessary action will be taken following which the villagers dispersed from the spot. Kallimandayam police said that they have registered a case and investigating.Initial investigation revealed that the lorry driver was over speeding and lost control because he apparently fell asleep. Police sources said that they have arrested the lorry driver, Muthu from Sattur. He appears to be in shock due to the accident and disoriented. The police are investigating further, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12241898", "title": "HC orders judicial probe into cattle deaths at Borsad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has ordered a lower court in central Gujarat to conduct an inquiry into mysterious death of seven buffaloes given to custody at Borsad panjarapol.Justice M R Shah has asked the court to complete the inquiry within four months and decide on whether the panjarapol should compensate the owner, Liyaqat Pathan who is an animal trader. This happened after the owner complained that livestock perished due to carelessness and negligence of the panjarapol management.During the hearing, the panjarapol told HC that seven of eight buffaloes rescued from overloaded truck died due to old age and anemia. To this, Pathan said that this could have been revealed earlier also when he sought custody of animals before lower courts.Pathan's is not the only case, wherein livestock disappear or is declared dead after procuring custody by panjarapols, when court is to decide whether the transporters were guilty of cruelty towards animals.In fact, the panjarapol managements even face accusations of selling the animals. Shakeel Ahmed, a butcher and animal trader in Shahpur, has filed a complaint with the Sabarmati police against the Geetaben Rambhiya Smurti Ahimsa Trust and Jivdaya Jankalyan Parivar-run panjarapol at Odhav. He has accused them of selling 60 odd goats and sheep. He complained after the panjarapol claimed that 60 out of his 260 animals taken into custody died, but no post-mortem report was furnished.Frequency of such incidents is higher during the festival of Eid-ul-Azha. Out of 2,473 goats and sheep handed over by city court to the Trust, only 18 were found alive during last festival. The animals were kept in various panjarapols in Odhav, Deesa, Botad and Ahmedabad.In Vapi in 2010, nearly 1,000 goats were intercepted by animal rights activists. A local court sent animals to custody of panjarapol. But when obtained permission of custody from court, he was told that more than 800 of them had died due to viral infection. The trader moved HC challenging the provision of sending animals to panjrapols, with the contention that the court is supposed to send animals to safe custody and not to die.Shakeel's counsel Shamshad Pathan said, \"When courts grant the custody of such animals to animal traders and butchers, they impose so many conditions that animals have to be photographed, their health check up done periodically and post-mortem to be conducted in case of death. If panjarapols are also monitored in such manner, animals will not die in such fashion, and this would mitigate business losses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244989", "title": "Sreekumar to undergo three bone surgeries", "text": "Malayalam film actor Jagathy Sreekumar, admitted to a hospital here after he met with an accident at nearby Tenhipalam on March 10 will undergo three multiple bone surgeries today, doctors attending on him said.Speaking to reporters, Dr Abdulla Cherakkat, Managing Director, Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences hospital said three surgeries would be performed today on the actor to correct a fracture on his right thigh, right hand and hip. \"He is responding well to treatment and his blood pressure and kidney are functioning normally,\" Dr Abdulla said.\"However the actor would have to be on ventilator for one more day for safety reasons,\" he added. The car driver who was also injured in the mishap, was improving.Sreekumar was en route to Kodagu in Karnataka for shooting a Malayalam film 'Idavapathy' when his car slammed into a road median and overturned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12242234", "title": "Bad roads, parking sore points", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the past five years, Yogender Chandolia has spent close to Rs 4 crore for development of his ward Dev Nagar, with arterial and inner colony roads bagging the maximum share.Residents, however, seem to disagree with their BJP councillor. Tank Road, constructed not even a year ago, is already infested with potholes and cracks. \"Forget driving, it is difficult to walk here. The roads, especially in commercial areas, are in a dismal state,\" said Preetam Singh, a resident who has a shop on Tank Road. Recently, Chandolia had got a fancy gate constructed at one end of Tank Road.In the past five years, maximum funds have been spent on building and maintaining roads. Still, the roads in commercial areas are in a bad shape, while residential colonies are slightly better. \"Cemented roads were constructed in inner colony lanes. But waterlogging is a problem as there is no proper drainage system,\" said S K Sharma, a resident. Chandolia, the standing committee chairman for the past two years, puts the blame on residents and traders. \"Resident didn't let us construct stormwater drains as they feared that it would be used for sewerage. Due to this, there is waterlogging during monsoons. This also damages roads,\" he said.Local people say the area has not benefited much from Chandolia's position in the MCD. While he cleared several car parks for the rest of the city, residents allege, he couldn't find a solution for the parking problem in his own ward. \"People are forced to park on main roads. Due to the rush in the Karol Bagh market, visitors often park their cars in residential colonies. The two parking projects in Karol Bagh, sanctioned a few years ago, are yet to start,\" said Krishan Kant, a resident. Sanitation and encroachment are two other issues that have not been addressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12241541", "title": "Titanic wreck site mapped in detail for the first time", "text": "WASHINGTON: For the first time, scientists have created a comprehensive map of the Titanic wreck site by piecing together more than 130,000 photos taken by underwater robots deep inside the North Atlantic Ocean.The map, which shows debris and parts of the ship scattered across a 15 square-mile patch of ocean floor, might provide new clues about what happened after the \"unsinkable\" luxury liner hit an iceberg and sank on April 15, 1912 killing over 1,500 of the 2,200 passengers and crew on board, researchers said.\"If we are going to do our best to manage the wreck site as a testament to those that sailed on her, we need to understand the disposition and physical state of what's there,\" said Titanic expedition co-leader David Gallo .\"In addition, we need to put the Titanic in context of its natural setting on the deep Atlantic seafloor,\" Gallo told Discovery News. It's not the first time the wreck site has been mapped, with the first attempts made soon after the doomed liner was discovered in 1985. But they were incomplete , covering only fragmented portions of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12242422", "title": "Infra steals the show in budget", "text": "Stormwater drains (SWD) continue to be an area of focus for the Chennai Corporation. A sum of 400 crore has been allotted to build 'inlets' to stormwater drains on roads across the city, revive the system of rainwater harvesting on main roads and install pre-cast drains in the extended areas, announced earlier, in the budget for 2012-13.About 5,000 inlets will be built on roads that already have SWD and on those identified for construction of drains in the expanded areas. Work on the inlets is likely to begin in April and be completed by June-end.\"The inlets, supposed to be the basic requisite for SWD, should have been built during construction of the drains. The inlet is just a grate, a frame made of iron bars, built on the surface of the roads and is expected to suck rain water and let it flow into the drain,\" said Mark Selvaraj, a transportation engineering consultant. \"Currently, there are roads where stormwater drains and small pipes exist through which water can flow. But when leaves or muck flow in, the pipe gets clogged and blocks the water from flowing out of the roads,\" said corporation commissioner PWC Davidar. Officials say water blocked from flowing into the drains gradually dissolves the bitumen layer on the roads.Additionally, rain water beds will be constructed underneath each of the 5,000 inlets. \"As the water flows in through the inlets, some of it will be absorbed by the rain water beds and the excess will flow into the drain,\" said Davidar.Two weeks ago, the new method was tried out pilot project in front of Ripon Buildings. Davidar said three inlets were built on the road and \"we poured half a lorry load of water on the road to see if it worked. Fortunately, no water was left on the road.\"\"The pilot project for the inlets is ready and our engineers have seen it. We have asked the road contractors currently laying or patching up roads to include this job. If it is on roads that are not being laid, we will bring in contractors separately for it,\" said the commissioner.The corporation had earlier decided to install pre-cast stormwater drains on all the roads possible in the city's extended zones where the study on SWD is still underway. The pre-cast drains, constructed in a yard, will be installed in just a week after the road is dug up. These drains are expected to cost about 10% more than the conventional drains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12241333", "title": "Six new Volvo buses arrive in city, to ply on Chandigarh route", "text": "GURGAON: The wait is finally over. After several flip-flops, the city has acquired six Volvo buses for the Chandigarh route which will provide the much-needed respite to city commuters.That's not all. Of the 25 buses bought by the Haryana transport department recently, Gurgaon has been allotted 15 Volvo buses. Haryana Roadways officials said that four more buses will be joining the fleet at the Gurgaon depot by March-end and the service will be inaugurated by Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on April 1.At present, the Volvo buses have been parked at the Haryana Roadways Engineering Corporation (HREC) premises in Behrampur.HREC general manager Rajiv Nagpal said the 25 buses have been equipped with the latest facilities and have been bought at a cost of Rs 83 lakh each (Rs 20 crore in all).The buses will be handed over to the Gurgaon depot after the inspection of the motor vehicles inspector. The next slot of four buses will reach by March-end, while the rest will be here by the middle of April, Nagpal added.Yashendra Singh, general manager, Haryana Roadways (Gurgaon), \"The new addition will bring down the frequency to a large extent with passengers not needing to go to Delhi first to catch a bus or train to Chandigarh.\"Routes will be decided soon for the rest of the buses. Besides, we are also planning to open two ticket booking centres in new Gurgaon, so that commuters do not need to come all the way to the bus depot, he added.The facility of online booking for half of the seats in each bus will also be provided. The new buses are two metres longer than the old Volvo buses and have 14 more seats. While the older buses have 35 seats, the new ones have 49.Other added features are heating facility and rear view camera through which drivers can keep tabs on rear traffic on a screen installed near the steering. The speed of the vehicle can be put on auto pilot with the pressing of a switch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12240785", "title": "300 pre-primary schools under DoE ambit from June", "text": "PANAJI: Pre-primary schools have become an integral part of Goa's education system for long and it has become a common practice to admit a child to a nursery school before he or she begins formal education. Yet, pre-primary schools have remained outside the directorate of education's (DoE) ambit so far. Functioning of the schools is finally set to be regularized when the new academic year begins.\"Over 300 pre-primary schools are registered with us now. From the new academic year, they will be issued letters stating that they have registered with the DoE and it will be made mandatory for the schools to put up these letters prominently on their notice boards,\" director of education Anil Powar said.He said this will help parents identify pre-primary schools at the time of admissions, which have been verified as providing the basic facilities necessary.\"A uniform syllabus will also be brought into force for these schools,\" Powar said. The State Council for Educational Research and Training (SCERT) has prepared a syllabus which will ensure that only the play-way method is used to impart education in the registered pre-primary schools.Goa has one of the highest percentages of children entering a pre-primary school before being admitted to Class I, after states like Meghalaya, Nagaland , Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Chandigarh, Pondicherry and Sikkim. Close to 24% of children in Goa attend a pre-primary school before they begin formal education, according to statistics of the human resource development ministry.For close to four years, the state government has struggled to bring pre-primary schools under its umbrella as the institutions do not get any government funds.Year after year, the DoE's call for registration met with poor response, as it meant no benefits from the state for the schools but added their responsibility of providing basic facilities recommended by the state and implementation of the prescribed syllabus.The over-300 primary schools have registered with DoE after a three-year-long exercise. The DoE sought to regularize the functioning of preprimary schools after such institutions were seen mushrooming at every nook and corner, very often operating from dingy apartments with no facilities available for the creative development of the child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12242034", "title": "Bandh called by Prahar gets mixed response", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The bandh call given by social organization Prahar, seeking allocation of medical college to Chandrapur and other demands evoked mixed response in the town on Monday. With schools and colleges already spared from bandh, there was no effect on examinations underway in education institutes due to bandh.Prahar had given the bandh call to press the demand of medical college, annulment of load-shedding and allocation of Rs 25 crore grant meant for penta-centenary celebration of Chandrapur. The main market remained closed in the morning hours, as activists of the organization went from shop to shop, calling upon traders to keep their establishments closed. However, district president Pradeep Deshmukh was detained by city police at noon, after activists created some ruckus in Sarafa lane. Deshmukh's detention shattered the coordination among activists, and the bandh failed in exterior parts of the town.Cinemas and petrol pumps remained closed, but government offices, banks and schools remained unaffected. Hospital and medicine shops were exempted from the bandh. The main market that was closed in the morning, reopened later in the afternoon. Deshmukh was released from the police station after a couple of hours. He claimed that people willingly responded to the bandh call. He also vowed to continue his agitation for medical college and other demands. The organization is already staging month long chain hunger strike since the beginning of this month for the cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12242160", "title": "Tough time for HRD minister", "text": "RANCHI: It was once again tough time for human resource development minister Baijnath Ram who is entrusted with the responsibility of more than a dozen departments to answer queries in the House.Like the previous session, Ram was not prepared as members of the ruling coalition and the opposition were eager to challenge the government over the answers read in the House.BJP MLA from Chakradharpur Laxman Gilua asked if the government had any plans to develop necessary infrastructure to make Chakradharpur subdivision operational which is still dependent on Chaibasa for most of its work.Replying to this, Ram said that the subdivision court building is under construction whereas office for the subdivision is near completion. Gilua challenged statement of the minister and informed the House that no construction for court building ever started and the construction of a subdivision office was also pending for the past three months. Ram, instead of accepting the challenge, requested the Speaker to put the question on hold till March 19. Speaker C P Singh directed him to see if the House was misled by the official preparing the answer and in that case asked him to take action and convey the action taken to the House on the same day.In a similar situation, Ram said that Special Armed Forces have not been removed from McCluskieganj which was challenged by nominated MLA Glen Joseph Glaustein. He said that the forces have been called back and requested for redeployment. Ram asked the MLA if he had visited the area recently and said that he would seek a fresh report and update the House shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12240391", "title": "Bombay and Goa HC dismisses plea against acquittal", "text": "PANAJI: The HC of Bombay at Goa has dismissed an application filed by the state government seeking leave to file an appeal against the acquittal of 23 accused charged for causing the death of a temple pujari at Palyem in 2005.In 2010, the assistant sessions court at North Goa had exonerated them as the prosecution failed to prove the case. The prosecution had alleged that on November 27, 2005, at Shri Devi Bhumika Vetal temple, Deulwada-Palyem, the accused assaulted Manohar Parab, who was suffering from heart ailment. Due to the fist blows, the deceased collapsed and died, the prosecution had stated. The scuffle occurred as some of the mahajans of the temple had taken objection for availing funds under the MPLAD scheme for construction of a hall.While rejecting the application, the HC observed thus: \"The medical evidence reveals that the deceased had not sustained any external injuries. If the deceased was assaulted with fist blows, then he had to have injuries on his face, mouth and nostrils. The deceased was found to be a person who had a chronic heart disease along with residual effects of old myocardial infarction.\" In this case, the medical evidence was that even the slightest tension could have caused the death of the deceased, the court added. Sadashiv Parab and other accused were made responsdents in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12241493", "title": "Yogeshwar, Nirani under pressure to quit", "text": "BANGALORE: Hitting out at Congress leader DK Shiva Kumar (in pic), CP Yogeshwar alleged that Kumar's black money through illegal mining and land deals was as much as the state budget.Announcing that the government will take steps to reopen cases related to forest offences and illegal mining filed against Kumar and his family members, Yogeshwar told reporters on Monday that an exclusive legal cell to provide legal support to the forest department would be set up to deal with these cases.Yogeshwar alleged that a report on illegal mining in Kanakapura area, filed by senior forest officialUV Singh, had clearly exposed the involvement of Kumar and his family. ''But no concrete action had been taken against the accused so far,\" he pointed out.Kumar told TOI that if he has so much money, he is ready to gift it to Yogeshwar and his family. ''A couple of days ago, JD(S) leader HD Kumaraswamy alleged that I am worth Rs 5,000 crore, today a minister is alleging that my black money is as much as the state budget. These are efforts by the opposition to finish me off politically,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12242043", "title": "Fixed parking charges for Feroze Gandhi market lot", "text": "LUDHIANA: Visitors to Feroze Gandhi market can heave a sigh of relief as the municipal authorities finally re-allotted the tenders of parking lots to a new contractor on Monday. In order to minimize confusion, parking rates have also been fixed.This comes after several complaints by commuters about being overcharged by the contractor. The reported fleecing had led to arguments many times. While cyclists would be charged Rs 5 for parking, Rs 10 would be charged from two-wheeler riders and Rs 15 for car parking. This year, the parking lot was allotted for Rs 1.3 crore as against last time's 66.75 lakh. Officials had increased the reserved price of the lot to Rs 73.42 lakh.A superintendent in MC, Naveen Malhotra, said, \"We have revised the parking rates and hope residents will not face any problem now. Parking rates will no longer depend on the hours now.\" After allotting the parking lot of Feroze Gandhi market, MC is now planning to start impose parking charges in Kipps Market at Sarabha Nagar, Model Town, Block I market of Sarabha Nagar and area in front of registrar's office on Hambran Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12240666", "title": "\u2018DSP, MLA harassed liquor traders for bribe\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Exposing how even the liquor syndicate leaders became victims of the very vicious circle they created, the ACB officials informed the ACB court here that a DSP at Mahbubabad in Warangal district had connived with the local MLA and harassed liquor shop owners for bribes.The ACB officials stated this in the remand report on T Ramprasad, former Mahbubabad DSP. He is currently OSD of Kothagudem. He connived with local MLA Kavitha and demanded Rs 25 lakh from liquor traders.When the traders expressed their helplessness to pay such a huge sum and offered Rs 5 lakh, Ramprasad unleashed a reign of terror and sealed scores of liquor shops without proper reason. Ramprasad is now in judicial custody after his arrest by the ACB in the case.Complaints to local SP Shanawaz Khasim and Warnagal excise deputy commissioner by liquor traders yielded no results.Then the monthly bribe of Ramprasad was enhanced from Rs 45,000 to Rs 1.45 lakh and 'arrears' of Rs 6 lakh was paid to him, according to the remand report.He then gave the liquor traders a suggestion that they settle the matter with the MLA as well. Kavitha is the daughter of former minister Redyanaik.Former DSP of Hanumakonda R Veereswar, Subedari inspector P Ranadhir, Kazipet CI Vijayasaradhi, Adilabad OSD Umamaheswar Rao, rural CI V Sreedhar Rao and another DSP Ch Venkateswarlu of Mamunur in Warangal were also on the payroll of liquor syndicate, the ACB said in the remand reports.ACB special judge I Krishnaiah on Monday sent them to judicial remand till March 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12248331", "title": "Kuruthipunal makes history", "text": "Kuruthipunal is the first Tamil movie to use Dolby sound. The movie was a remake of the Govind Nihalani directed film Drohkaal.The film was released in 1995. Directed by P.C. Sriram, the movie starred Kamal Haasan and Arjun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12240060", "title": "Another working woman gangraped in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: In yet another assault on a woman near a pub in Gurgaon, a 23-year-old mother was allegedly gangraped by seven men after being abducted from outside the Sahara Mall on M G Road at 2.30 am on Monday.The victim, who reportedly works in a pub at the mall, has alleged that the accused abducted her after stopping the radio taxi she and her 15-year-old brother had hired to return home to Badarpur. She said as soon as the Wyn cab left the mall, a Maruti 800 bearing the number (HR26-6458) forced it to stop. Five of the accused pulled her out of the cab and forced her into their car. The victim, who has a three-year-old son, said she was taken to a flat in Gurgaon and raped by seven men. She was later dumped outside the Chhatarpur Metro Station around 4.15am.In her complaint, the woman said she worked at a pub in Sahara Mall and was responsible for seating \"arrangements\" of customers during night shifts. She worked from 9pm to the \"last show\". However, DCP (East) Maheshwar Dayal said she was not employed by the pub but worked as a \"help\" for single men enter the \"couples only\" pub.The cab driver told the police that he and the victim's brother rushed to a Gurgaon police van stationed nearby. \"However, when we told them of the incident, they merely flashed a message and refused to move from their position. They asked us to approach the police station.\" Not knowing what to do, the minor boy reached home and told his mother. The two then took the same cab back to Gurgaon to search for the victim.\"It all happened in the wink of an eye. The Maruti car pulled up right in front of my car. I had slowed down as I was taking a U-turn. Five men came out while one remained in the seat. They put a hand on her mouth, dragged her inside the car and sped away in the wrong direction,'' said Mehdi Hassan, the cab driver.Although the victim could not identify where she was taken, she has mentioned in her complaint that they crossed the Aya Nagar MCD toll booth on MG Road. The car's registration number was probably not flashed in time. \"The car crossed one checkpost and three pickets but was not stopped even once,'' a cop said.Then girl finally called her mother from her mobile phone and her mother subsequently informed the Delhi Police. A team of Mehrauli police led by the DCP and the area ACP and SHO reached the spot.However, the Delhi Police insisted that it was not their case and decided to inform their Gurgaon counterparts. They also asked the mother-son duo to contact the Gurgaon police even after they had noted their statements as well as that of the victim. A medical examination was conducted on the victim but the police are yet to access the reports.DCP Maheshwar Dayal said, \"We have registered a case of gang rape and abduction at DLF-II police station against seven unknown person under sections 366/ 376 (2) G IPC. Two police teams have been constituted to search the accused.\" The cops have taken the CCTV footage of the pub and the Sahara Mall for examination.The victim told the police that she suspected the role of a woman friend, who introduced her to the profession a month ago, in the assault. The two had a heated argument two days ago and, according to the victim, some of the accused were seen dancing with her friend at a pub in Sahara Mall just before the incident. However, the woman denied these allegations during preliminary investigation.The city police seem to be caught in a crisis in identifying the owner of the Maruti car, since many files were destroyed in a recent fire at the regional transport office. They suspect documents related to the car too were lost in the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12242593", "title": "Rogue cop shoots kid dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: A drunk crime branch constable turned a marriage party into a mourning session, when he fired four rounds from his service revolver, killing a 12-year-old boy in north Delhi's Dhaka Colony on Sunday night. Witnesses said the cop, Jaibaba, 38, started firing because the music at the venue had been turned off after 11pm despite him wanting it to continue. \"The cop fired in the air twice and then at random. One of the bullets hit the boy,\" Dharamvir, a witness, said. The victim, Tarun Chauhan, a Class VII student at a Mukherjee Nagar school, was hit from close range. The bullet pierced his chest. He was rushed to Nulife Nursing Home and later shifted to the Sushruta Trauma Centre near ISBT. Tarun was declared dead early on Monday morning. Jaibaba was carrying his revolver even though he was off duty. Cop fired after music diedThe crime branch constable who opened fire killing a 12-yearold boy during a marriage ceremony in north Delhi was carrying his service revolver even though he was off-duty on Sunday. The cop, Jaibaba, serving with the special operations squad of crime branch for the past three years, had not even been invited to the function, police said. A distant relative of the bride, Manmit Chauhan, had brought him to the function to flaunt his \"connections\". Manmit, accused of fleeing with Jaibaba's revolver, is on the run.According to Satish Chauhan, father of the victim Tarun Chauhan, Jaibaba first picked up a fight with a local, Vinod, around 6.30pm. Vinod objected to Jaibaba parking his motorcycle on the road, as it was blocking the way for members of two baraats. \"Others intervened but Jaibaba was already threatening Vinod, claiming he was with the crime branch and that his word was law,\" Chauhan said.According to Romil Baaniya, additional DCP (northwest ), Jaibaba then went to Manmit's residence and consumed liquor. \"He hit the dance floor an hour before the baraat was to arrive from Sonipat. Just as the baraat was about to reach the pandal and people began bursting crackers, they heard gunshots from the pandal. No one thought anything was amiss till they saw the boy lying on the floor. The bullet pierced his chest. Meanwhile, Manmit escaped with the weapon. The locals beat up the cop, who was so drunk that he could hardly move, and handed him over to police,'' said Baaniya.Dilip Kumar, who had carried Tarun to the hospital, told TOI that the accused was angry because the DJ had turned off the music after 11pm. \"Twice, we tried to stop the constable from dancing with us. He even threatened the PCR staffers, claiming he was from the crime branch,\" said Kumar.Crime branch sources said Jaibaba has been suspended. The constable, who lived in Burari, north Delhi, joined the force 16 years ago and was currently on Delhi Police recruitment duty. He had asked for an off on Sunday.\"We had initially lodged a case of attempt to murder against him at the Mukherjee Nagar police station. We have now added murder charges to the FIR. We have recovered two bullet shells from the spot and the hunt is on to nab Manmit. There was another cop by the name of Sanjay (posted at the Subhas Place police station) too at the spot but he played no role in the incident,'' said Aas Mohammad, ACP and chief investigating officer. Jaibaba belongs to Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12240999", "title": "Demarcate parking area at Dabolim airport: High court", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Monday pulled up the authorities for failing to ease the parking woes around the international airport at Dabolim. The court directed the state government to carry out a site inspection for free land around the airport, demarcating areas for private parking.A division bench comprising justice SC Dharmadhikari and justice UV Bakre passed the order during the hearing of a public interest litigation filed by Verna resident John Philip Pereira. He challenged the March 2011 cabinet decision denotifying an area acquired for creating parking space.During the hearing, government advocate Amey Kakodkar pointed out to the court that most taxis and private car owners do not park their vehicles in the designated parking areas near the airport to avoid paying the fee of 60.Instead, they park on the highway leading to traffic chaos, he added.At this point, the bench enquired why traffic police were lethargic in towing away vehicles parked on the highway. Taking note of these facts, the bench observed in its order that \"it appears that there is prima facie complete lack of coordination\" among the various authorities.The court asked the government to carry out a site inspection in the presence of revenue department officials, the airports authority of India and the petitioner, who shall point out suitable land to be demarcated for parking.The bench has further observed that \"the area should be such that those who want to park for a limited time should not be inconvenienced\" and areas should be marked for private taxis. After carrying out the site inspection, \"the free area should be cordoned off so that parking on first come first serve basis is enabled\". The court will hear the petition further on March 26.The petitioner also pointed out that land earlier acquired by the government for creating a parking lot near the airport was denotified in March 2011.The petitioner further alleged that soon after the cabinet decision, the owner of the land had sold it to private builders. Pereira alleged that the denotification was mala fide and was done to favour the original land owner, whose property was acquired for the project. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12240933", "title": "Is discrimination against women deep-rooted in our society?", "text": "Yes indeed. The subordination and subjugation of women is sanctified by our deep rooted Indian traditions. Patriarchy, patrilocality, dowry and commoditization of women are institutions which reinforces gender discrimination. Therefore, gender equality cannot be achieved only through affirmative action , until there is major transformation in both social ideas and institutions. To achieve this, at first our education system should be made gender sensitive .Shilpa Singh Assistant Professor, PanajiOur country has given us Indira Gandhi , but ironically our country has also given us female infanticide, dowry deaths and very few house husbands. We live in a patriarchal society. Women need to prove to others and unfortunately sometimes to themselves their mettle. I have to add that women in Goa are lucky because we have a uniform civil code that gives freedom to go beyond our potential. Only the journey is a little harder. We are still waiting for the 33% reservation.Aldina Gomes Psychologist, BenaulimYes this evil is indeed deep rooted. Even as little boys we had this feeling that we were superior to girls in many ways. I think it is the way we were brought up. So, a part of the blame could be laid on our parents as well for treating the male child differently from girls. Parents ought to change this attitude first and teach children of both the sexes to respect each other. One way to combat this malady would be for schools and also on the home front to include special activities in which both the sexes could participate. So that there is respect for each other and that no job is mandatory for a particular sex only.Wilson D'Souza Teacher, CaranzalemYes. It is more so in certain sections in our society. Even our history tells us stories such as of Rani Laxmibai who fought against discrimination. But the situation is improving in today's times due to education and awareness. Today's women may not be more powerful than men but no field has remained untouched by them and they are giving tough competition to men. Women like Indira Nooyi, Chanda Kocchar etc are heading world corporate giants like Pepsico and ICICI. The future is bright for every talent, whether it is men or women is not a concern.Deep Karapurkar Teacher, FatordaYou can follow the debate online on www.timesofindia.com at SpeakOut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12247332", "title": "Mamata Banerjee government issues show-cause notice to 60,000 employees", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal government has issued show-cause notice to about 60,000 employees who were absent on the day of bandh on February 28. The government had issued a warning that the salary for a day would be deducted if the staff failed to attend office that day.Accordingly the chief secretary Samar Ghosh had issued notice and later on February 29, the home department had issued notice to inform of the presence of staff in different departments on the day of bandh.However, a section of the staff belonging to co-ordination Committee of CPM and Nabaparjay were absent on that day to mark their protest.These employees said that they will be replying to the show-cause in the best possible manner, so that they can escape the pay cut.Moreover, Bengal education minister Bratya Basu had created a controversy by saying that the teachers had the right to be absent on the day of bandh. However, the education secretary Bikram Sen had issued show-cause notice to school teachers and staff who were absent on the day of bandh.It is to be seen if the government actually manages to cut a day's salary. Different organisations are planning to start an agitation against the state government for this attempt in bringing in discipline among the staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244344", "title": "International film fest felicitates Manoj Kumar", "text": "No award is probably enough to honour the man who had single handedly tried to instill patriotism in the hearts of every Hindi cinegoer.However, the Nashik International Film Festival has decided to recognise Manoj Kumar's contribution to Indian cinema by conferring him the Lifetime Achievement Award this year.The International Film Festival that started off in the year 2008 is organised by the city-based Metro Foundation of India and the Dadasaheb Phalke Film and Television Institute. Manoj Kumar, who announced his comeback project last year after a hiatus of 12 long years, will grace the festival this month to receive the award.Happy with this recognition, the actor says, \"This is an international film festival and is very competitive in nature. It is endorsed by the Government of Maharastra. Getting a lifetime achievement award is humbling. I have always maintained quality in my movies than quantity. That is why in so many years, I have only done around 35-40 movies.\"Manoj Kumar parts with \"I will keep on working and I want to die with my shoes on,\" still ringing in our ears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12242296", "title": "They fear backlash from accused: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: A visit to the temple on a Sunday morning should have ideally left the Valinjkars with a sense of calm and serenity. Instead, the family is still reeling from the shock and trauma of being attacked in such a \"ruthless manner\" .The driver of a Maruti Swift rammed into their Honda City three times in a fit of road rage near Mahalaxmi station junction on Sunday. Amit Valinjkar (38) who was driving said the incident has left his family on edge.\"They appear to be decent law-abiding people. They have behaved with dignity despite the fact that their two-year-old son and a father who is a cancer patient were in the car,\" said a police officer.After registering an FIR with the police, the Valinjkars have decided to maintain a low profile for the next few days. \"There are some insurance issues that have be addressed. We don't wish to make any statements, which can affect the probe,\" said Valinjkar, who lives in Sanpada, Navi Mumbai.Police officials, however, said the family is afraid of a backlash from the Aggarwals . \"They have requested us to resolve the matter quietly. They fear that they will be victimized by the accused,\" the officer added.Valinjkar's mother said: \"My grandchild was in the car. We are lucky nobody was hurt. We are all trying to come to terms with it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12239944", "title": "JD(U) calls for stir on Mar 16", "text": "BHOPAL: Janata Dal (U), an ally of NDA, will hold protests and demonstrations in the BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh on March 16, demanding a CBI probe into the killing of IPS officer, who was crushed by a stone laden tractor-trolley when he tried to stop the vehicle in Morena district on March 8.\"The BJP government has ordered a judicial inquiry into the circumstances that has led to the killing of young IPS officer Narendra Kumar . The judicial inquiries never yield any results. We want a CBI probe into the case to ensure that the people behind the illegal mining are unmasked and prosecuted,\" MP JD (U) president Govind Yadav told TOI.\"JD (U) also want that the state government should issue a white paper on mining going on in the MP for last 10 years,\" Yadav said. He said the state home minister Umashanker Gupta should resign for what he termed as lawlessness prevailing in Madhya Pradesh.\"We are going to hold protests across the state over the killing of the IPS officer and hand over memoranda to collectors, addressed to the Governor and chief minister to press for our demands,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12232396", "title": "Veena Malik at a derby event", "text": "The derby event powered by Gitanjali at RWITC recently, saw celebrities, fashionistas and pure racing aficionados from different walks of life experiencing the thrilling event.Post the first race, designer James Pereira showcased a collection of beautiful garments in bright colours; designer gowns made in satin and knit and woven fabric, that gave the guests a glimpse of the upcoming trends of the season.The lovely Vaishali Desai was the showstopper for the designer, and she sashayed down the paddock along with a host of models looking gorgeous in elegant designs and exclusive diamond jewellery by Diya Diamonds. Present at the do were Maureen Wadia, Ness Wadia, Jeh Wadia and wife Celina, Vivek Jain, Natasha Poonawala, Rohit Roy, Deepshikha and Kaishav Arora and Sanjeev Agarwal, CEO Gitanjali Exports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12241213", "title": "Scramble for Late realisation: Airport facelift nearly over, no isolation bay", "text": "KOLKATA: Even as the state-of-the-art passenger terminal nears completion at Kolkata airport, authorities are grappling with an oversight. The Rs 2,300-crore plus modernization project did not make any provision for an exclusive isolation bay, a crucial component in any major airport at a time when terrorism is a real threat.An isolation bay is a special parking space created for an aircraft facing an exigency like hijack or bomb threat. This bay is usually situated in a remote section of the airport so that the threat is isolated and regular operations can carry on as usual.It is only recently, during the construction of additional parking bays and new taxi links as well as extension of secondary runway, that Airports Authority of India (AAI) officials realized that it had missed out the isolation bay during the construction of additional parking bays and new taxi links as well as extension of secondary runway.Tender for the construction of isolation bay to the east of the runway has already been invited. The bay will be big enough to accommodate an Airbus A-380 aircraft, the largest civilian plane currently in use. The bay will be at least 150m away from the primary runway. That is the buffer to protect operations at the airport in case the aircraft at the isolation bay explodes. The cost of the project is pegged at Rs 28 crore.\"Though there is an isolation bay at Kolkata airport, at present.but its location is not ideal. The We need to construct an isolation bay needs to be constructed at a place where it does not threaten regular operations,\" said ML Lehkra, airport regional executive director.The current isolation bay is located at the extreme southern-end of the secondary runway where the aircraft can make a U-turn and line up for takeoff. While it is at a fair distance from the primary runway, airport officials have realized that in case of an exigency, on the primary runway, the airport has to be shut down if an aircraft is stationed at the isolation bay.\"The isolation bay at the present location made sense when traffic at Kolkata airport wasn't too high. In the event of an aircraft getting stranded on the primary runway while another aircraft is parked in the isolation bay, operations will have to be shut down since no runway will be available for use. The same can happen if there is a bomb threat or a hijack warning when major repair work is underway on the primary runway,\" Lehkra said.At present, Kolkata handles 250 landings and takeoffs daily. The number of flights is expected to cross 300 shoot up once the new integrated terminal becomes operational later this yearand cross 300 in a year from now. That will require the airport to remain operational at all times since a complete shutdown will mean large scale diversion of flights.Officials at Kolkata airport acknowledge that the isolation bay should have been an integral part of the modernization project. After the modernization kicked off in December 2008, development of apron area, taxiway and runway extension was taken up in right earnest and by last year, number of parking bays had been increased three-times from 15 to 60; the secondary runway was extended from 2,839m to 3,200m and it was equipped with instrument landing system (ILS).\"Bomb threats have become a common phenomenon. And though hijacking is rare, it cannot be ruled out. After all, a hijacked plane did land in Kolkata airport two decades ago,\" an airport official said, referring to the hijacking of a Thai jetliner by Myanmarese students demanding end of military rule in their country.The anti-hijacking committee led by the state chief secretary meets periodically at the anti-hijacking control room located below the air traffic control tower to assess the preparedness in case of such an exigency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12240977", "title": "Nigerian navy delegation visits Goa Shipyard Ltd", "text": "A high-level delegation from Nigeria led by senator Chris N D Anyanwu, chairperson, senate committee on Navy, visited Goa Shipyard Ltd recently. The visit assumes significance in view of GSL's ongoing efforts to market its state-of-the art patrol vessels to coastal African nations, the Middle East etc. 'During the visit, a presentation was made to the chairperson on the growth of GSL from a barge-building yard to a sophisticated shipyard capable of designing and building ships for the Indian Navy and the Indian Coast Guard from concept to commissioning. Vineet Bakhshi, CMD, GSL, apprised the chairperson of shipbuilding, ship repair activities and the expertise available at GSL. The delegation was also apprised of the modernization programme and progress thereof,' states a press release.Vasco teen's body retrieved from rivulet: The Ponda police on Monday retrieved the body of a 19-year-old Class X student from Vasco from a rivulet at Kodar-Khandepar in Ponda taluka. The youth had drowned on Sunday while swimming in the rivulet with a group of friends. The Ponda police informed that Yamunari Gangappa Harijan, 19, a resident of Vasco, had come to Kodar for a picnic with 20 friends , including his brother.Power ShutdownBondla feeder (March 15): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected - Dhatwada, Par-Usgao, Sanjeevani Residential Colony, Sainagar Tisk, Pilyem, Pansulem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12242452", "title": "Woman SUV driver kills mason, injures 4", "text": "BANGALORE: An unidentified woman driving a high-end SUV ran amok, killing a mason sleeping on the pavement of 3rd A Main, HRBR Layout, Kalyan Nagar, Banaswadi, and injuring four of his colleagues around 4am on Monday.While R Nagaraj, employed on a nearby construction site, died instantly, Shivayogi, Hanumantappa, L Gouda and Rangappa, sleeping next to him, escaped with injuries. The driver abandoned the SUV, a Toyota Fortuner , and fled with a man who was in the vehicle. He was later identified as Ravi.Shivayogi told police the five men from Raichur district would normally sleep in a shed at a construction site on 3rd A Main. Due to the summer heat, they had started sleeping on the pavement in front of the shed. Around 4am, they woke up to the sound of screeching wheels of a four-wheeler that careened off the road and mounted the pavement, he said.Before they realized what was happening, the SUV raced towards them. Nagaraj came under its wheels, and four others were thrown off the pavement due to the impact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12242111", "title": "Rollback of cotton export an eyewash: VJAS", "text": "YAVATMAL: The conditional lifting of cotton export ban on Sunday by the union commerce and industry minister is nothing but an eyewash as the DGFT notification issued on Monday has disappointed exporters, traders and cotton farmers of the country, opined president of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti (VJAS) Kishore Tiwari.In a press release, Tiwari has dubbed it as a deliberate attempt of the power drunk and corrupt 'babus' in the commerce and industry ministry to cover up the hidden restrictions in the rollback proposal which in fact brings fresh export ban on purchases and trades.The latest order clearly says that the issue of new registration certificates (RCs) stands suspended until further orders and in respect of those RCs that were valid as on March 5 and for which let export order orders (LEOs) are yet to be issued and exports completed, all the RCs would need to be submitted to directorate general of foreign trade (DGFT) for scrutiny and revalidation. Now the exports can be affected only after RCs are revalidated which ultimately give ample scope for further exploitation and corruption in the DGFT. Consequently, the cotton bales marketed at Rs 34,000 and above have been brought down to Rs 32,400 level.\"We demand blanket lifting of export ban under free export of raw cotton under open general licence that can save debt trapped seven million farmers of India,\" said Tiwari.Tiwari demanded a CBI probe into the circumstances that forced to take the ill-motivated decision to enforce a fresh ban on the cotton export in the light of the revelation of the union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , observations of the fact finding committee of GOM and the protest by the chief ministers of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh.He has also urged the PM to sack Sharma for misleading the government and public.\"On Sunday, three million cotton farmers of Vidarbha, who are facing crop losses and committing suicides at the rate of three farmers a day, had welcomed the commerce minister Anand Sharma's announcement that the government has decided to withdraw the ban. But they have been taken aback as the notification has brought only gloom to shatter their dreams,\" Tiwari said, adding that the minister misled the media and innocent farmers.\"It is highly immoral and illegal hence we urge the PM to review the notification and bring back pre-export ban conditions so that cotton export is protected. 'If UPA Government has problem with the growth of cotton export and want to protect textile cartel then they should buy cotton at international rates through its agencies like NAFED and CCI,\" Tiwari said, adding, \"It would help protect the farmers who are forced to sell cotton at throw away price to local dealer.\"Domestic demand is just 20 million bales as against national production of 33 million bales. There is no reason to put restrictions when interest of domestic textile mills are fully protected,\" Tiwari pointed out.It is pertinent to note that during the last month, cotton was traded above Rs 4,200 a quintal but the fear of export ban brought down it to Rs 3,700 per quintal till March 3. The news of export ban on March 5 crashed cotton prices. At Adilabad in Andhra Pradesh and Ghatanji in Yavatmal, the farmers sold cotton at Rs 2,500 per quintal.\"As a matter of fact, 30% cotton is till lying with farmers and other 30% are with local ginners and traders. The conditional lifting of ban will have severe impact as there is very little demand in domestic market since October last. Open free export of cotton is the only solution\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12241515", "title": "Homemaker political tussle over woman's murder", "text": "Malda: The murder of a 41-year-old homemaker in Malda got mired in political turmoil, with each party - Congress, Trinamool Congress and CPM - claiming that the victim was their supporter.Both the Trinamool and the Congress held CPM responsible for the murder. CPM, however, got an edge in this political tussle after Kanchan's husband Tapan conceded that they were CPM supporters.On Friday night, Kanchan Malo was brutally killed at Gobindapara village of Malda over a family feud. A hot iron rod was pierced through her belly. She was taken to the district hospital and later referred to North Bengal Medical College, Siliguri. Kanchan succumbed to her injury on Saturday night. Following the murder, police arrested the victim's distant relatives, Subho Malo and Chaiti Malo.Police said that the Malo family had been embroiled in a feud for the past year over the It was the theft of a mobile phone. which had triggered the feud.A number of kangaroo courts were also held at Gobindapara over the dispute, but the case remained unresolved. The feud took a gruesome turn on Friday night.However, as soon as the news of Kanchan's death spread , political parties tried to cash in on the murder. The Trinamool Congress claimed Kanchan was their supporter and blamed CPM for the incident. Minister of state for health, Chandrima Bhattacharya, said, \"Our party workers are murdered at the hands of CPM goons all over the state. Mamata Banerjee has directed us to stand by the victim.\" Chandrima wasted no time and visited the victim's family on Monday along with Sabitri Mitra, minister in charge of women welfare. Bhattacharya also assured a sum of Rs 20,000 for Kanchan's family.Interestingly, Congress claimed on Sunday night that the victim was a party worker. Chanchal MLA Asif Mehboob said, \"I don't care what a minister said about the identity of the deceased. In fact, being a minister she might go to any victim's family. But she cannot change the victim's political identity. Kanchan was a lifelong Congress supporter. She was killed by CPM-backed goons. After her death, our party members were with the family throughout the night.\"CPM was not to be left behind. Though the party was held responsible for the murder, on Monday CPM panchayat pradhan of Malatipur, Manirul Sk, said that Kanchan was a CPM supporter. \"A dirty political game has started over the murder. There was no political motive behind this murder. It was a family feud. Those who are claiming Kanchan as their supporter should know that she belonged to our party. In the last assembly elections, Tapan Malo and his wife Kanchan took part in our door to door campaign. Everybody in the village knows this.But her death had nothing political behind it. We have requested the ministers to stand by the family instead of giving the murder a political colour to the murder.\"Much to the embarrassment of the Trinamool and the Congress, Kanchan's husband Tapan said that they supporterd CPM. were CPM supporters.Murder of a housewife in a family tiff may be pathetic, but worse is the political calims over her identity. Such a ridiculous political turmoil has started with Kanchan Malo (41) who was brutally killed in a family feud at village Gobindapara under Chanchal police station of Malda. On Friday night she was attacked with a hot iron rod which was pierced in her belly. Wounded Malo was taken to District Hospital and then was referred to North Bengal Medical College, Siliguri. On Saturday night she succumbed to her injury. Two of her relatives as well as neighbours Subho Malo and Chaiti Malo were arrested in connection with the murder.Police sources said that a year old feud was behind such murder which all started with the theft of a mobile phone. Number of kangaroo courts was held at Gobindapara over this dispute. However, the issue remained unsettled and finally took the gruesome turn on Friday night.But soon after the death, political parties were at field to capitalize the murder. Claiming Malo as their supporter, Trinamool Congress accused CPM for this murder. Minister of State for health Chandrima Bhattacharya who was on Malda today rushed to see the family of Malo. Before that Bhattacharya said, \"Our party workers are murdered at the hands of CPM goons all over the state. Mamata Banerjee has directed us to stand beside the victims.\" Bhattachrya along with Minister in Charge of Women Welfare Sabitri Mitra visited Gobindapar to show their solidarity to the victim's family. Bhattachraya even assured of Rs 20000 to the family of Malo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12240369", "title": "After poll results, moves afoot to oust PMC chief", "text": "PONDA: With the MGP winning the Ponda seat, attempts are under way to unseat the present Ponda Municipal Council (PMC) chief, Kishore Naik.Naik is a \"strong supporter\" of Congress' Ravi Naik. Following Naik's defeat, seven councillors of the 13-member civic body lobbied and submitted a notice of no-trust against Naik.Speaking to TOI, former chairperson of the civic body Vyankatesh Naik confirmed that he along with six others had submitted the notice to the directorate of municipal administration (DMA) on Monday.Vyankatesh Naik had filed his nomination for the recent assembly election from Ponda and had later withdrawn it in favour of the MGP. For his \"loyalty\", he is tipped to be the PMC chief once again, sources said. The special meeting to discuss and vote on the motion is expected to take place in a couple of days.Kishore Naik, however, ruled out stepping down from his post. \"Let us see what happens when the time comes,\" he said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12244544", "title": "Lankan rights violation rocks Parliament; RS adjourned", "text": "NEW DELHI: The issue of rights violation by Lankan army rocked both the Houses of Parliament on Tuesday.Rajya Sabha was adjourned till 2 pm as opposition parties demanded to know the government's stand on a US-backed resolution against Sri Lanka at the United Nations Human Rights Council for alleged war crimes.The government has said it will clarify stand on the issue by evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12242081", "title": "Protesters accuse GLADA of corruption, disrupt work", "text": "LUDHIANA: A drama was witnessed outside Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority (GLADA) office on Monday when members of Azzad Social Club protested against the GLADA officials due to the problems they face in getting their work done.For avoiding any clash, the authorities closed the entrance to the building, adding to the woes of visitors who had gone there for work. As a result, many people were forced to wait outside GLADA office for almost one hour.Whereas the protesters accused GLADA officials of being corrupt and accepting bribe to stop the construction of a house in Jamalpur, the officials refuted the charges, saying since there was violation of building bylaws, they had to halt work.The protesting members handed over a bouquet to assistant chief administrator and estate officer of GLADA.Estate officer of GLADA, Jeet Ram said, \"The person holding us responsible for corruption and other charges was himself responsible for building bylaws violation. The matter is resolved now and there is no problem\" When asked about the problem of visitors, he said, \"The doors were shut to avoid any kind of damage to public property and there was not much trouble for visitors.\"However, people who were waiting for the doors to open were cursing their wrong choice of day to visit the GLADA office. \"I had come here for some work related with my property but the protest is on and doors are locked. It was sheer harassment to public, as several people returned from the office without meeting the officials,\" said Charanjit Singh, a businessman from Model Town.A retired revenue accountant from power department, Jagdish Magoo said, \"I had come along with members of residents welfare society on Chandigarh Road for registering complaints of their area but nobody is letting us inside. We kept waiting for one hour but to no avail.\" He said the protestors were claiming to stage protest in Gandhigiri style but then why were they raising slogans against the authorities. He questioned officials on bolting the doors of a public building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12240184", "title": "Scindia rubbishes govt claim on mining mafia", "text": "INDORE: Congress leader and Union minister of state for commerce and industry Jyotiraditya Scindia on Monday rubbished Madhya Pradesh government's claim that no mining mafia was operating in the state.He was talking to TOI from New Delhi in light of recent death of the young IPS officer Narendra Kumar in Morena on March 8.\"The senior leaders of the Congress have been repeating it for many years that the mafia is active in Panna and Morena regions of the state,\" he said. Scindia alleged that the illegal mining syndicate was flourishing under the political patronage.\"If the state government is true in its claim, then why is it shying away from ordering a CBI inquiry into the death of the IPS officer,\" asked the Union minister. Scindia reiterated that the mining mafia need to be checked which is possible only if there is no political patronage.On the role of the Congress in raising public issues in the state, the Union minister said that the party took up issues like the deteriorating law and order situation, recent rapes and the killing of the IPS officer. \"We have full faith in the leadership of Kantilal Bhuriya in Madhya Pradesh and the MLAs and other leaders are strongly behind him in raising issues pertaining to the people of the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12240331", "title": "Sem row: KMC teachers back principal, cry conspiracy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Teachers of Kirori Mal College have condemned the decision of the governing body asking the principal to go on leave till an inquiry is pending against him. The staff council executive of the college on Monday decided to back Singh on the issue alleging that this is a conspiracy by the university administration.In its meeting on March 3, the governing body had directed the principal, Bhim Sen Singh, to keep away from all responsibilities till a probe to ascertain his role in a teachers' agitation to defy semesters is complete. The body had decided that a retired high court judge would conduct the inquiry into his alleged role in the agitation and other cases. The probe will also look at the circumstances which led to a show-cause notice being issued to Singh by the DU administration over his absence on January 2, 2012 - the first day after the semester break - when vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh and his team visited the college.Denouncing the body's decision, president of the staff council, Sudipto Ghosh said, \"This action is uncalled for as teachers have accepted the HC's order and have been following the semester mode. Moreover, three writ petitions are pending against the university on the semester issue. How can the governing body ask a principal to go on leave based on a letter from the university\". In October 2010, the varsity had written to the governing body directing it to hold an inquiry into the allegations of 'insubordination and misconduct' by the principal.Though Singh had prepared the semester time-table in mid-2011, the then governing body had decided to keep it in abeyance and continue with the annual mode, said the staff council. Teachers started following the semester mode only after the HC order.Terming the body's action discriminatory, Rajib Ray, faculty member, KMC said, \"There is a CVC inquiry being conducted against the principal of Dayal Singh College (morning) and teachers have been asking for his suspension for the last two years. At Ram Lal Anand College (morning) too, teachers have been demanding the suspension of the principal for two years. Yet, the varsity is sitting over these issues. Singh has been made a scapegoat in the semester issue. This is a conspiracy by the university\".Questioning the decision, teachers asked why the university was 'resurrecting' the issue when the high court has declared it as a 'thing of the past' which should be given a 'decent burial'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12240084", "title": "Barkatullah University in a spot over fresh UGC norms on grants", "text": "BHOPAL: Fresh guidelines of the University Grants Commission (UGC) for grants have put Barkatullah University in a trouble. Barkatullah University was not able to fully spent the funds allocated in the 11th five year plan, The university was able to spend only Rs 7 crore out of 27 crore sanctioned in the 11th five year plan.In the new guidelines, UGC has decided that its team will not visit the Barkatullah University for Inspection, university sources said. Earlier, the grants were decided on the basis of a report submitted by the UGC inspection team. Now with a change in stand, the UGC sent a 22-page form where BU has to provide different details about the money it has spent. The details will have to be submitted by April 10, sources said.In order to prepare a comparative chart, the UGC has asked the university to provide information on the money spent in the 10th and 11th five year plan. The university will have to provide information about strength of teachers, number of working departments, non-teaching employees, ratio of teachers and students, number of books available in the library, availability of e-journals, vacant posts among others. Providing this information has become critical for the university as it has failed to utilise a large part of the funds, university sources said.According to sources, the university was provided money to open 5 new departments and appointments against vacant posts in teaching department. The university was provided money to appoint 47 teachers.When contacted, BU registrar Sanjay Tiwari accepted that the university could not fill up the vacancies in teaching staff. However, he added that a large part of money has been transferred to the PWD for construction purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12241711", "title": "2 more held for Nima farm robbery", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ahmedabad rural police officials arrested two more persons for attempted robbery at Nima farmhouse on SG Highway on Sunday following a tip-off. The team has got two-day remand for the duo.Earlier this month, city crime branch arrested six persons including two Mumbai-based gangsters and a woman for their involvement in a loot attempt at Nirma chairman Karsan Patel's bungalow, investigators said. In January, a gang of armed goons broke into Nima farmhouse armed with a revolver and sticks and beat up four security guards and tied them upHowever, they left the premises without executing the loot. Crime branch found during their detection that the robbers got tip-off on Rs 100 crore in the bungalow but they got scared after seeing the security arrangements and abandoned the plan.The kingpin of the entire operation, Mustafa Qayuum, is still at large.\"We got a tip-off that two absconding members of the group, Harun Ali Shaikh, 40, a resident of Gendi Gate in Vadodara, and Nizam Chauhan, 34, a resident of Rajpur near Kadi, were to meet on SG Highway. We kept a watch and nabbed the duo on the basis of their descriptions. While Shaikh was the person who pointed out the farmhouse to others, Chauhan kept a watch on the road while other members entered the farmhouse. We have sent a team to Mumbai to nab Mustafa,\" said an Ahmedabad rural police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12242136", "title": "Animated film made in city to premier at film festival", "text": "NAGPUR: Animated film 'Baru-The wonder kid', 75% of which was made in the city, is all set to premiere at the international film festival this month. Produced by Vishnu Manohar and Prabhakar Shukla, the film revolves around the life of two orphan kids and deals with the strong love of a young boy for his sister.The movie is a three-dimensional Hindi feature written and directed by Sachin Gote and co-produced by Manisha Entertainment. \"Over 75% of the movie was completed in Nagpur while the post-production was done in Mumbai,\" informed Manohar in a press conference on Monday. This 90-minute movie has five songs sung by popular singers like Udit Narayan , Vinod Rathod and Sadhana Sargam .The movie is being released with a tribute to Ghazal maestro Jagjit Singh , who had readily agreed to give his voice for the background. \"We were looking for a deep baritone voice and so we approached Jagjit Singh, who was kind enough to readily agree,\" said Manohar. Telly child artist Avika Gaur has dubbed for the male protagonist Baru while actress Bhagyashree has done the dubbing for the mother's character.Manohar said it took four years to complete this movie, which received the censor certificate in November last year. \"Keeping in mind the fantasy world of children, we have tried to come up with a film that will touch young minds. To give the film a universal appeal, the story has been told in a fairy tale fashion, and not set in any specific era or place and language,\" said Manohar.He added that the distribution of the film will be handled by a Delhi-based company. The film will be premiered on March 22 in the city at Smruti theatre at 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12242087", "title": "UP outcome to be anaylsed on Wednesday", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP general secretary Sanjay Joshi was especially present as party president Nitin Gadkari's representative for the swearing in ceremony of mayor Anil Sole.Joshi, who was involved in an obscene CD scandal in Gujarat some five years ago, has made a comeback in the party a year ago. Once credited with organizational work in Gujarat that saw the BJP's ascendancy in that state, Joshi had to beat a retreat and spend time in political wilderness after the CD scandal.But after Gadkari took reins of the party, Joshi, a full-time pracharak of the RSS was rehabilitated in the BJP. Recently he played a role in the party's campaign in UP elections. Scribes who swooped on him at the NMC function, got a cryptic response that the BJP got less than expected seats in UP and that a meeting of the UP unit was scheduled on Wednesday to anaylse reasons for the party's poor performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12232561", "title": "Aamir Khan's working birthday", "text": "Every year, Aamir Khan makes sure he takes a holiday on his birthday (March 14) and relaxes at home with family. This year, however, with his new TV show in the offing, he will be at work.His birthdays are usually spent celebrating at home with his mom, sisters and kids. For the first time in his career, however, he has mentally prepared everyone at home that he would be working this birthday.Aamir's show is quiet demanding and he is completely involved and doesn't want to lose focus.While his team is trying not to shoot on that day and shoot one day before and after; he would have to work on his birthday as rehearsals and prep work still need to happen. On the other hand, Aamir Khan has told his team not to be under any pressure and has even given them a go-ahead to shoot on March 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12241043", "title": "NGO claims garbage lifting firm violating tender norms", "text": "NAGPUR: The power of RTI has exposed lacunae in the lifting of garbage in the city by a private firm engaged by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) since July 2009.NGO Civil Rights Protection Cell has approached the high court, questioning the present mechanism of lifting city garbage, violating existing norms and guidelines of the state pollution control board. The present system of removing garbage from various parts of the city is totally unhygienic and threatens the health of the population, the petitioner pointed out and sought immediate intervention of the court.The petitioners said that despite an explicit ban, Kanak Resources Management Limited, the agency entrusted with the job of lift garbage, has been using around 350 cycle rickshaws to lift garbage.Dr Milind Jiwane, chairman of the NGO, has raised the issue by filing a complaint with the registrar (legal and research) of Bombay High Court, Mumbai. The HC has asked the registrar (administration) of Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court to look into the matter.Dr Jiwane told TOI that KRML was blatantly violating the terms and conditions set for lifting of garbage. In reply to RTI queries by Dr Jiwane, NMC's health department said there are around 4,77,400 homes in the city, which generate 750 tonnes of garbage every day. Since one hydraulic vehicle can only carry garbage from around 900 houses, the private firm would need at least 555 vehicles to lift all the garbage using hydraulic vehicles.NMC's health department also said that at present Kanak is using only 133 vehicles, including 10 compactors, 13 dumper placers, 70 Tata Ace, six Mahindra Loaders, five Tata 207, 10 Tata 207, four tippers, three hook loaders and 13 other private vehicles. Despite the condition that they would not use cycle rickshaws, Kanak is using as many as 350 bin (cycle) rickshaws, which make as many as 1,050 trips per day.In fact, in 2006 the civic body had framed some guidelines for lifting of garbage. Subsequently, lifting of garbage by cycle rickshaws was banned. As a result, NMC's tenders had categorically mentioned that it will not award the tender to manage solid waste to any private firm that proposes to carry garbage using cycle rickshaws.As per the tender conditions, garbage should be collected through hydraulic vehicles only and not by cycle rickshaw, since the said tender is for mechanized cleaning, the guidelines said. If there were any difficulties in some internal roads, the company was allowed to use only three-wheeled hydraulic vehicles.In fact, Dr Jiwane claimed that NMC's health department had refused to entertain a firm that had quoted a lower figure, stating that the civic body could not allot the tender to it as it will be against the terms and conditions of using hydraulic vehicles.Dr Jiwane claimed that despite agreeing to the terms and conditions, KRML is using cycle rickshaws to lift garbage. NMC's deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir clarified that there are many congested areas where hydraulic vehicles cannot move. \"So, the private firm is using cycle rickshaws to lift garbage,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "12241811", "title": "Ferozepur Road chaos to stay", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: If residents were hoping to have a wide eight-lane road to drive on at the busy Ferozepur stretch, they can keep waiting. Construction work on the project has been put on hold midway and authorities claim that electricity poles, high tension wires, some encroachments and simultaneous construction of underpass near Aggar Nagar are coming in the way.Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority (GLADA), which is responsible for the project has been able to complete only 50% of the work since August 2011, even though the deadline is April 25.Tired of bearing the brunt of ill-planned projects, residents say they have had enough and allege that the authorities are only trying to buy time since they have not been able to stick to the deadline.\"The stretch from Aggar Nagar till octroi post on Ferozepur Road is testing the patience of commuters. What was the need to start projects at one time when authorities could not handle it,\" said Rahul Mahajan , a businessman staying in Civil Lines.Model Town's Manisha Sharma said the authorities have had ample time to remove all the hurdles in their way. \"How is it that the work has been put on hold now as the deadline is closing in? It is a pain for residents to drive through this road,\" she said.The project's foundation stone was laid in August 2010 and the work was supposed to begin in October that year but delay in getting sanctions from the forest department and a court case delayed it. Executive engineer of GLADA Pardeep Aggarwal said, \"We have completed 50% work but had to put it on hold because of electricity poles and high tension wires coming in the way. We can't construct the rest of the portion unless the MC finishes constructing the underpass near Aggar Nagar.\" He added that they had consulted the power department for removing the poles.Executive engineer of Punjab State Power Corporation Limited, Charanjit Singh Brar said, \"We have almost completed our work of undergrounding high tension wires but a temple is coming in between. It is going to be shifted to a new temple under construction somewhere else, so we are waiting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12242499", "title": "Power min says TN needs central funds", "text": "CHENNAI: Three days after chief minister J Jayalalithaa wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the power crisis in Tamil Nadu and the \"indescribable anguish\" that this has caused in the state, electricity minister Natham R Viswanathan on Monday said the Centre has not allotted financial assistance to the state to promote renewable energy generation. \"The state is taking measures to promote renewable energy, but it needs financial help from the Centre,\" the minister said at RENERGY 2012, a two-day international conference and expo on renewable energy. \"The Centre announced last year that 200MW would be generated under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission. Tamil Nadu was asked to generate only 7MW of the target. This year, the government has announced generation of 1,000MW, but we have been asked to generate only 22 MW.\"Viswanathan said that though Tamil Nadu has potential for solar energy, the Union government had allocated it a meagre share of the project outlay. He also asked the Centre to encourage investors to set up more solar plants in the state.The minister said the state will bring out a detailed solar energy policy \"either before or during the budget session\", adding, \"This will help us generate at least 3,000MW by 2015-2016.\"Viswanathan said power cuts in the state will be reduced in a phased manner from June. \"By 2013-2014, load shedding will be stopped completely and by 2014-2015, we will be a power surplus state. The government is taking necessary steps to mitigate the power problem,\" he said. Speaking at the conference, secretary, ministry of new and renewable energy, G B Pradhan, rebutted the minister's allegations that there had been disparities in financing between states and said the Centre had given enough funds to Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12233488", "title": "Casting ouch for Sudhir Mishra!", "text": "Sudhir Mishra is having tough time casting for his forthcoming film Mehrunissa that already stars Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor in main leads.Mehrunissa is a story of two close friends (Amitabh and Rishi Kapoor) who fight as a young girl comes between them. The film will have a younger version of Amitabh and Rishi Kapoor, and the title role of 'Mehrunissa' will be played by a young actress. The story is known to have quite a comic flair to it since the duo meets each other after thirty years and discovers that the girl they loved did not choose either of them.Apparently, Mishra's first choice for 'Mehrunissa' was Chitrangada Singh who has just finished shooting for his film Inkaar. Needless to say, the actress doesn't seem too interested to be a part of this movie even if it means acting with Amitabh and Rishi.Reportedly, Mishra was keen to sign Vidya Balan for the role. Though interested, Vidya is yet to confirm the news and sign on the dotted line. Mishra wishes to start shooting the film at the end of this year. Let's hope the director manages to find his Mehrnissa well in time.Mehrunissa will be produced by Nikhil Advani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12241364", "title": "This time, Reddy case hearing passes off smoothly", "text": "BANGALORE: A special CBI court on Monday extended the custody of former minister and mining baron G Janardhana Reddy till March 16. Reddy has been in CBI custody since March 2 after he was brought to Bangalore in connection with alleged illegal mining cases of Associated Mining Company ( AMC ) and Deccan Mining Syndicate (DMS).Reddy looked relaxed as he was brought to the court at 2pm with a convoy of seven vehicles. The hearing began at 2pm and went on till 4.10pm. Reddy shouted slogans saying \"B Sriramulu party ge jayavagali (hail Sriramulu's party).'' His close aide and former minister Sriramulu, who has proposed to launch a new political outfit, has announced that he will fast for the welfare of people.After hearing the arguments, special CBI judge DM Angadi directed the prosecution to file objections to Reddy's bail application on March 16 when the case will come up for hearing.The proceedings were held at a makeshift court on Parappana Agrahara Central Prison premises, 20km from the city, after the government and the high court decided to shift CBI and Lokayukta courts from the City Civil Court complex which saw unprecedented violence on March 2.In contrast, Monday's hearing passed off smoothly. Mediapersons were barred entry to the court hall and were stopped nearly a kilometre away from the makeshift court. There were hardly any advocates around. The high-security cordon caused inconvenience to friends and family members of convicts and undertrials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12241894", "title": "It\u2019s tragic and shocking, Obama tells Karzai", "text": "WASHINGTON: US president Barack Obama sat in the belly of the \"Beast\" on Sunday afternoon and made yet another remorseful phone call to Afghanistan's president Hamid Karzai to express his regrets about an unhinged American soldier massacring 16 locals in a bloody carnage.The incident, which recalled the infamous My Lai massacre in Vietnam in which a company of US soldiers slaughtered dozens of unarmed civilians, has increased the pressure on Washington to exit Afghanistan post-haste, even as the Taliban is swearing revenge.\"This incident is tragic and shocking, and does not represent the exceptional character of our military and the respect that the US has for the people of Afghanistan,\" he said in a statement, even as the White House released a photograph of a contrite President phoning Karzai from the back of the presidential limousine, nicknamed the Beast. He conveyed his administration's commitment to establish the facts as quickly as possible and to hold fully accountable anyone responsible.While analysts broadly agreed that the latest incident was a fatal blow to the US military mission in Afghanistan, it is also threatened to become a political football in the ongoing presidential season with the Republicans using it to cast Obama as an ineffective leader.Republican presidential aspirant Newt Gingrich offered his condolences to the victims' families on TV and suggested they be compensated for their losses, after which he called for an immediate withdrawal of American troops from Afghanistan, saying it is \"a mission that may frankly not be doable\".US officials said the suspect, a staff sergeant from Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state, is now in detention in Kandahar. He had been assigned to support a special operations unit of either Green Berets or Navy SEALs engaged in a village stability operation when he went postal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12241778", "title": "Sole takes charge, promises to be Mr Clean", "text": "NAGPUR: After assuming the charge, mayor Anil Sole has vowed to raise the dignity of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) by remaining Mr. Clean for which he is famous among the corporators. Sole also promised to solve the citizens' issues by launching an online citizens' redressal system.At 3.46pm on Monday, Sole assumed the mayor's charge in new-look mayor's office. Outgoing mayor Archana Dehankar handed over the charge to Sole in the presence of BJP leaders including MLA Devendra Fadnavis, Sanjay Joshi and Banwarilal Purohit. Later, deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav took over from outgoing deputy mayor Shekhar Sawarbandhe.On the behalf of the administration, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare, deputy municipal commissioner RZ Siddiqui and municipal secretary Harish Dube welcomed Sole and Jadhav.Addressing the programme held on the premises of NMC's head office, Sole further said that expectations from him and his new team were high. \"I am nervous about it. But the strong support of 86 corporators who are part of Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) and Shiv Sena , along with assurance of cooperation from the opposition group corporators, gives me strength. It is our prime responsibility to improve basic services. Besides, I have all faith in the employees of NMC. A few may face stringent action but one thing is sure that I will raise their morale and dignity and give a new pace to development,\" he said.Leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre said it's a big day for NMC as Sole has become the mayor. \"We, in the opposition, will always be with Sole and his team in developmental works. Sole is a good decision maker and will ensure city's development,\" he said.Appreciating Sole for felicitating the former mayors, former mayor Atal Bahadur Singh said that the NMC is known for unity. \"Corporators from all groups come together when it comes to development. Sole has brought many groups under one banner and has a chance to become a successful mayor,\" he said.Praising Sole's patience to reach the mayor's post, Fadnavis said Sole will go on to fulfil all assurances in the BJP manifesto. \"Sole is the senior-most corporator in NMC. He played a vital role in the NMC in the last five years by giving guidance to the office-bearers. Now, he himself has become mayor. Therefore, he will be remembered for the next 50 years as 50th mayor,\" he said.Sole felicitated former mayors including Singh, Fadnavis, Thakre, Kunda Masurkar, Kalpana Pande, Kishor Dorle, Rajesh Tambe, Pushpa Ghode, and Dehankar.BJP MLAs Sudhakar Deshmukh, Vikas Kumbhare and Krishna Khopde, Sandip Joshi, Dayashankar Tiwari and a host of BJP leaders were present. Earlier, the office-bearers of Lok Kranti Panel honoured Sole by weighing him in laddoos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12242322", "title": "TV, films don't reward acting skills: Experts", "text": "RANCHI: Theatre would not have lost its sheen as an art form had the small screen and silver screen fixed some eligibility criteria for the artists apart from looking good, being smart and having famous parents. That is what most leading theatre artists of this city feel. The general feeling is that film and television industries do not reward acting talent and look for other \"virtues\" instead.The experts were speaking at a 21-day workshop on theatre for schoolchildren at Morhabadi, organised by the Jharkhand government's department of art and culture and Eastern Zone Cultural Centre, Kolkata.Kamal Bose, a professor at St Xavier's College and member of Deshapriya Club who has been organising theatre shows every year, admits that the passion for theatre has been on the wane since the advent of television, satellite channels and other modes of entertainment; a sentiment that was expressed way back in the 1980s in Hrishikesh Mukherjee's film 'Naram Garam', where the theatre artists say 'bioscope' has hurt theatre and plan to open a betel shop to earn their living.Ajay Malkani, another lead theatre artist, who is said to have added commercial value to theatre, says that the state has miserably failed to assist this form of performing art. \"I have commercialised theatre in whatever small scale I could,\" he said. But he did not hesitate to say that he would charge money if he has to add an act of sneezing on demand. Preparing for a show at Purnia, followed by another in Bhopal , Malkani said since Jharkhand is not ready to nurture this form of performing art, artists have decided to look for greener pastures outside the state.Sanjay Lal, a graduate from the National School of Drama who has been busy organising shows and workshops for children, remembers how tickets were sold in black for their play 'Charandas Chor' staged in Shantipur of West Bengal a few months back. \"I, too, feel that the liking for theatre is missing in Jharkhand which is mainly because of lack of a centrally located auditorium,\" he said. The experts felt that unless people watch and understand what live plays are all about, it is absurd to expect people flocking for the shows. \"Even by invitation we cannot gather a crowd sufficient to fill up seats in a small auditorium, which indicates people have not yet developed a taste for this art form,\" Lal said.However, Vinod Ranjan, art teacher at Delhi Public School and a painter , blamed it on the lack of infrastructure to the artists. Malkani suggested if the department of art and culture of the Jharkhand government could not come up with a centrally located auditorium, they could at least direct the public sector enterprises to throw open their halls at least once a year for plays under their corporate social responsibility schemes. \"We are ready to give our best and have no doubt that people will soon develop a taste because 'reality' is always better than 'virtual' drama on televisions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "12242295", "title": "Nine of a family attempt suicide in Mehsana village", "text": "PALANPUR: Nine members of a family, including two children, tried to end their lives by consuming pesticide in their farm in Gadhada village, some 15 km from Vijapur in Mehsana district, on Sunday night.Senior members of farmer Mulsinh Jhala's family apparently feared arrest in the death of a youth, who was found murdered in the fields on February 29. The youth Vishnusinh Jhala, 31, was said to have had an affair with Mulsinh's 25-year-old daughter Sonal over the past few months. Sonal is divorced with two children - Priyanka, 10 and Kuldeep, 8.On March 5, the deceased's brother Karansinh lodged a police complaint alleging that Mulsinh's family members had got his brother killed as they were enraged over his affair with Sonal.Sources said soon after, the villagers started ostracizing Mulsinh's family. They were not invited to any social function and villagers openly expressed anger at them for being named in a murder case. In a suicide note, the family wrote that they pleaded innocence in Vishnusinh's murder and said they were no longer able to bear the humiliation.Mehsana district superintendent of police RJ Sawani said, \"The love affair seems to be the root cause behind the tragic event.\"On Sunday night, all the members went to their farm and consumed pesticides. In the morning, when Mulsinh's brother Dolatsinh came to the fields, he found them lying unconscious. He called the police, who arranged for an ambulance to take them to Gandhinagar Civil Hospital.Bharat Patel, hospital superintendent, said, \"Their condition is stable now. But, they will have to be kept under observation till tomorrow.\" Police officials said that Mulsinh's family was under severe stress for a week fearing arrest following the complaint. Besides Mulsinh, those who attempted suicide included his brother Natwarsinh and his wife Tulsi, Natwarsinh's three sons, Sonal and her two children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12241016", "title": "More buses to Narhe soon", "text": "PUNE: The PMPML has promised to increase its bus services to Narhe near Katraj, MP Supriya Sule has said. At present, there is just one bus which makes around eight trips to Narhe daily. Sule said residents from Narhe have made a demand for increasing the frequency of the bus service.Residents of Narhe said for the past one year they have been making demands to the PMPML to improve the services. Vikram Gaikwad, a local resident, said the commuters approached Sule with the demand and urged her to take up the issue with the transport company. Sule said because of its proximity to the city, there has been a major growth and urban development in Narhe, and hence it needs better transport facility.She said ten years back the PMPML had started the bus service to Narhe. There is just one bus which has a frequency of two hours, due to which commuters face severe inconvenience and hardships. She said private operators take advantage of this situation and charge exorbitant fares.Purva Mehta, a resident, said women commuters have to face added inconvenience as the bus is always packed beyond capacity.PMPML officials said they would make efforts to increase the frequency of services to Narhe. \"There is a demand to increase frequency of buses not just from the commuters of Narhe, but from the entire city and Pimpri-Chinchwad area. \"We need more buses to increase the services to fulfill the demands,\" the officials said.Box...Inquiry against irregularities demandedThe Maharashtra Navnirman Vidyarthi Sena has demanded an inquiry against irregularities in the PMPML and action against concerned officials. A delegation of MNVS met PMPML's chairman and managing director Ramchandra Joshi and demanded that the PMPML should make an inquiry into the alleged misuse of official cars of the PMPML.Meanwhile, in another memorandum, Prashant Inamdar of Pedestrians First has demanded that the PMPML management should take effective proactive steps to ensure that the seats reserved for women commuters are not occupied by men. The PMPML should see to it that messages are put up prominently at bus stations and bus stops to sensitise male passengers about reservation of seats for women, Inamdar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241331", "title": "Highest priority to safety of nuclear plants: Patil", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pratibha Patil in her final address to the joint session of Parliament on Monday chose to focus on the government's social welfare agenda and India's diplomatic ties with its neighbours while making on a brief reference to corruption.Patil, who spoke for over 65 minutes, expressed confidence that the economy will soon see a high growth trajectory and also took the opportunity to underline the importance of the contentious National Counter Terrorism Centre to tackle internal security threats.Admitting that there was increased political uncertainty and turbulence, the President said the Indian economy was robust. \"My government is confident that it will soon steer the country back to the high growth trajectory of 8-9%,\" she said.On the issue of livelihood security, Patil said the national vocational education qualification framework was being developed to set common principles and guidelines. The government aims to provide skill training to 8.5 million people during 2012-13 and 80 million people during the 12th five-year plan (2012-17).She also asserted that the country would more than double its nuclear power generating capacity in the 12th plan period. \"My government attaches the highest priority to safety while harnessing nuclear energy, and will not compromise on safety or the livelihood of any section of society in the pursuit of our nuclear energy programme,\" she said.Pressing for promoting peace and cooperation in India's immediate neighbourhood, Patil said India was committed to resolving all outstanding issues with Pakistan. Referring to China, she said India attached high priority to the development of strategic and cooperative partnership.Ticking off the anti-corruption legislations brought by the government including the judicial accountability bill, whistleblowers' bill, Lokpal bill and the citizens redressal bill, Patil said, \"Together, these have the potential of bringing about a transformational change in curbing corruption and enhancing transparency and accountability in governance.'' She also pointed out that the government was bringing in a comprehensive public procurement law and the national mission for delivery of justice and legal reforms had been set up.The President said the government had five challenges of livelihood security, economic, energy, environmental and internal security.It will set up 1,500 new industrial training institutes and 5,000 skill development centres in the public-private- partnership mode. Among other reforms in education that were mentioned included plans to set up of the National Commission for Higher Education and Research and the National Mission for Teachers to be constituted to improve teacher's education and faculty development.The President stressed on amendments to prohibit labour for children under 14 years and elaborated on plans to increase health spending to 2.5% of the GDP by the end of the 12th plan to attain the goal ofuniversal healthcare. The government plans to introduce universal access to free generic essential medicines in public health institutions in a phased manner and convert the National Rural HealthMission into a National Health Mission.She assured that the government was working towards resolving contentious issues like the food security bill and the land acquisition, rehabilitation and resettlement bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12241508", "title": "Ministers turn pawns for BSY, DVS-KSE camps", "text": "BANGALORE: The intense factional rivalry within the BJP is playing out in a game of chess. Pressure is mounting on forest minister CP Yogeshwar and industries minister Murugesh M Nirani to resign from the DV Sadananda Gowda cabinet, as cases filed against them were pending before the Lokayukta.Facing questions from the media, CM Gowda on Monday said he will initiate action against the ministers if the situation warrants the facilitation of a free and fair probe.Sources said some ministers loyal to former CM BS Yeddyurappa in the BJP are mounting pressure on Gowda to sack Yogeshwar for openly criticizing Yeddyurappa, and in turn, Gowda's supporters are pressuring him to sack Nirani, who is a Yeddyurappa loyalist.Indicating what's in store, Union corporate affairs minister M Veerappa Moily said in Mangalore on Sunday: \"Another wicket is likely to fall in the next few days in the Sadananda Gowda cabinet over a scandal.\"Last week, governor H R Bhardwaj had written a letter to Gowda to remove Yogeshwar and Nirani, quoting the pending Lokayukta cases against the leaders.Opposition leader in the legislative assembly Siddaramaiah demanded the scalps of the two ministers. ''They have no moral right to continue in the cabinet. The allegations are criminal in nature.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12241899", "title": "16 lakh state employees pin hope on Akhilesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Brimming with a renewed hope for better promotion avenues, nearly 16 lakh state employees are now anxiously waiting for UP's youngest chief minister-designate Akhilesh Yadav to take oath on March 15 and undo the \"injustice\" done to them.Their hope is pinned on the SP manifesto that promises to scrap Rule 8 Ka enacted by the outgoing Mayawati government to give reservation in promotion to SC/ST candidates in all state services. The implication of this was far and wide, as promotions were denied to a vast majority of non-SC/ST employees in the state in spite of their seniority.The order was passed by the Mayawati government on September 14, 2009. It was challenged in the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court which struck it down on January 4, 2011 after disposing of a bunch of writ petitions filed by various employees organisations. However, this was challenged through a Special Leave Petition filed before the Supreme Court. The apex court has reserved its judgment after completing the hearing on the matter.This was second time when Mayawati had passed such an order. She had also passed it during her earlier tenure in 2002. However, then it was reversed on May 13, 2005, by the Samajwadi Party government. And now again, the same is expected from Akhilesh Yadav, who has already made promise to undo the injustice done to the employees in matter of their promotions.Describing the Rule 8 Ka as a draconian law, president of Sarvajan Hitay Sarankshan Samiti, Shailendra Dubey said: \"We are jubilant and euphoric of the SP government and hope to see a new beginning under its rule.\" He said the ordeal and injustice suffered by employees would end soon and the SP government would soon restore the promotions of state employees.The promotional policy of the Mayawati government, he said, had created a piquant situation in which even junior most SC/ST officers got advantage of their castes and became seniors to even those who had come in services much before them. This not only demoralized the state employees, but also forced many of them to commit suicide and retire without any benefit of promotions.The PCS officers too are sufferers on this count, whose promotion to the IAS cadre was held back. Nearly 100 such posts are said to be lying vacant at present in this promotional quota post. In almost all cadres and departments, there are hundreds of senior posts for which the promotions have been held back. On the other hand, these senior positions are given as rewards to much junior officers belonging to SC/ST. A cursory look at the status of vacancies in the general category posts makes a depressive reading. For instance, all promotions were withheld in PWD, which was put under T Ram. After retirement, he was given two-year extension and thereafter made the head of the organization as officer on special duty. He left his job only after the BSP gave him the ticket from Ajgara reserved constituency in Varanasi.In order to keep him in office, the Mayawati government did not fill any of the three sanctioned posts of engineer-in-chief and chief engineer level in the PWD. Likewise, promotions were also held back on 17 posts of chief engineer level (two) and 43 posts of superintending engineers.This holds true for several departments, including irrigation, power corporation, rural engineering. Incidentally, these are the some of the key departments which consume 80% of the state's annual budget of around Rs 1.66 lakh crore.The ad hocism has had a crippling effect on administration, particularly in its delivery mechanism at grassroots level. Much of this is due to widespread resentment among employees, who time and again have protested against it. However, the Mayawati government pursued its policy with all tenacity, as this was designed to cater to the dalit votebank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12241830", "title": "HC reserves its verdict on voting by new MLAs", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Monday reserved its verdict on a PIL seeking ban on the MLAs elected for the 16th legislative assembly in casting their votes for the upcoming Rajya Sabha elections on March 30.A bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit heard the matter at length and reserved the order. The PIL filed by a local lawyer Ashok Pandey raised a constitutional question that the Election Commission had notified the upcoming Rajya Sabha elections on March 12, but the electoral roll was not prepared. The petition said that the UP governor dissolved the 15th assembly on March 9 and the 16th assembly has yet not been constituted and the newly elected MLAs have also not been administered oath of office and secrecy.The petition further said that the newly elected MLAs have not formed the part of the electoral roll, and hence they are not entitled to cast their votes on March 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12231747", "title": "A new crime show on Crime At Ten", "text": "There's something new tonight on Crime At Ten. It's a brand new crime show - \"Person Of Interest\".The unpredictable former CIA agent Reese and his enigmatic partner, Finch, identify a 'person of interest' and set about solving the mystery of an impending crime. Crime At Ten is Star World's new and exclusive property where viewers can watch the latest seasons of the biggest crime shows every week day at 10pm.\"Person Of Interest\" revolves around Mr Finch who creates a computer programme that can see the future, providing information about individuals that could be in danger. With the help of John Reese, a former government agent, his first target is to save the life of people who the computer shows as suspects for death.On tonight's episode the computer spews out the name of a woman- Theresa Whitaker who was supposedly killed two years ago along with her entire family. Reese quickly discovers that Theresa is not dead which leaves Reese and Mr Finch to figure out who contracted the hit and why the people did not kill then 15-year-old Theresa.Watch the crime unfold in Person Of Interest , every Tuesday at 10 pm on Star World's Crime At Ten.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12241850", "title": "Un-scientific approach for SSC science paper", "text": "NAGPUR: Fuming parents, nervous students and confused invigilators - this is how one would describe the SSC science paper held on Monday. For the first time, the state board decided to have two answer sheets for a single science paper. The two answer sheets were the result of the merger of Science-I and Science -II subjects into one.For Monday's paper, students were supposed to receive both answer sheets together and the start of the exam but at some centres in the state, things did not go as planned. In Nagpur, invigilators at Bishop Cotton School (BCS) gave only one answer paper to students and then took it away after some time, to distribute the second answer sheet. Later realizing their mistake, the answer sheet was returned.Chandramani Borkar, divisional board chairman, said, \"I spoke to the school officials and not many lost valuable time as the papers were returned to students. We had informed every centre to ensure that both answer sheets are to be given at the same time.\"Parents waiting outside the BCS centre claimed that a female senior teacher who was in charge of the exam spoke rudely with them after the complaint was lodged. Across the state, a few complaints came into the Pune headquarters about similar confusion among invigilators which left the students a harried lot.The two answer sheets format was devised after science teachers complained that evaluating a single science paper would mandate the evaluator to be well versed in physics, biology and chemistry. Hence, the board was forced to go with the decision of having two answer sheets. However, officials say the confusion among invigilators is surprising considering the awareness created by the board.Lakshmi Rao, convener, board of studies (Science), said \"The schools had been informed through various channels about the changes. Notifications, teachers' training and conducting of internal exams in the two answer sheet format has been going on for 18 months.\"Apart from the paper format, the Higher Order Thinking Skills (HOTS) questions too were not appreciated by many. Jaspal Singh, principal, Guru Nanak High School, said, \"The questions were at a level where majority of our students have not reached. The current system does not allow students to understand the HOTS concept and deal with anything outside the book.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12239751", "title": "Nitish ready for snap polls, mum on third front", "text": "PATNA: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday signalled the JD (U)'s readiness for a snap Lok Sabha poll, adding to leaders like Akali scion Sukhbir Badal who have said early elections suit them.Kumar's assertion that JD(U) is poll-ready came as agriculture minister and Congress ally Sharad Pawar is set to attend the swearing in ceremonies of Akali leader Parkash Singh Badal and Samajwadi Party star Akhilesh Yadav - two parties which trounced Congress in acrimonious battles.Sources said Pawar would be attending the oath-taking of the two CM-designates although Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee made it evident that she will not be present after having kept the UPA lead player on tenterhooks through the weekend.The Bihar chief minister's remarks came as regional leaders seem keen to argue that the Centre is losing its legitimacy on power. Kumar, however, was not drawn into a debate on the possibility of the party joining a likely third front being discussed in political circles, merely noting that the initiative should first take shape.The chief minister said the UPA government was getting weaker day by day and had lost public confidence, but it was keen avoid polls, preferring to stick to power by hook or by crook. \"The results of the assembly elections in five states has proved beyond doubt that the Congress has become weak. One can imagine the fate of the party in general elections,\" the CM said.The JD(U) leader's comments reflect the opposition's upbeat mood in the wake of the recent round of assembly polls in which Congress did badly in Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Goa. A couple of days ago, Akali leader Sukhbir Badal had called for an early election.Kumar's attack coincides with a rising concert of regional leaders who are taking on the Congress over a range of issues from Lokayuktas to the proposed National Counter-Terrorism Centre. They have made it clear that they intend to challenge UPA initiatives like food security and land acquisition bills in order to ensures changes they suggest are accommodated.The Bihar CM is well placed as main rival, RJD chief Lalu Prasad, is not been able to challenge the ruling coalition in the state and Congress remains a marginal force.While neither NDA or regional parties are in a position to trigger the downfall of the government, they are a formidable bloc that the government needs to negotiate with in Parliament as it grapples with a perception of a deepening policy logjam although UPA-2's tenure has more than two years to run.On his name being linked with the projected third front comprising Mulayam Singh Yadav and CMs of West Bengal, Odisha, Tamil Nadu and Punjab, Kumar said, \"The JD (U) is a part of NDA. Let the front take shape first and only then the question of considering it will arise.\"He agreed to a suggestion that political situation will change in the country and new equations will emerge. \"We always live and work among people and fully understand their feelings and political behaviour,\" the CM added.As part of NDA, JD(U) is keen on the ranks of anti-Congress forces increasing and is not likely to rework its equations until a national election is at hand. Even then, its partnership with BJP has proved fruitful and Kumar will think hard before realigning his party ahead of the next election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240948", "title": "Youth arrested for robbing truck driver", "text": "PUNE: A 21-year-old youth was arrested on Monday for allegedly robbing a truck driver of Rs 2,000 at Bibvewadi.The suspect, Prakash Subhash Sapkal, is a resident of upper Indiranagar. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Shivaji Bhosale (23) of Beed.Assistant police inspector M V Jagtap of the Sahakarnagar police station said that on Monday around 3 am, Bhosale was driving his truck towards Bibvewadi when the suspect appeared in front of the truck at Gurudatta Chowk. When Jagtap stopped, the suspect threw a stone at the windscreen and forced his way into the truck.Jagtap said that Sapkal threatened Bhosale and robbed Rs 2,000 from him. Bhosale immediately informed the police. A police team on night duty nabbed the suspect after a brief chase. \"We are investigating further,\" said Jagtap.In another incident, the Sahakarnagar police arrested Ajay Vijay Dhakale (26), a resident of Padmavati, for robbing Rs 4,000 from a shop on Sunday. A complaint has been lodged by Jehangir Shaikh (20) of Padmavati.Assistant police inspector C B Mane said that Dhakale's uncle Bharat Dhakale owns a chicken shop in Padmavati. Dhakale had contracted the shop out to Shaikh. \"On Sunday night, when Shaikh was about to close the shop, Dhakale barged in. He broke 60 crates of eggs and threatened Shaikh with a sharp weapon,\" Mane said. He then took Rs 4,000 from the cash counter.Dhakale was nabbed by Shaikh and some others and the police were informed. \"We arrested Dhakale and produced him in court on Monday,\" said Mane. \"He was sent to police custody till March 15,\" he added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12241733", "title": "15 school kids injured in van mishap in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Fifteen school children, all of them studying between standards one to five suffered injuries when the van in which they were travelling hit against a gravel heap on the road side, on Monday morning.The children, belonging to a Sri Lankan refugee camp in Thiruvathavur are studying in an aided school at Pudhuthamaraipatti. About 26 of them used to travel to the school in a contract vehicle. On Monday morning, the students got into the van as usual and were on their way to their school.When the van neared Managalapuram, the driver lost control of the vehicle and applied the brakes suddenly in order to regain control. However, the vehicle skidded and hit against the heap of gravel near the road before coming to a halt. The children, who were sitting in the front hit against the windshield and in the impact breaking it.A few of the children fell on the road through the broken wind shield and suffered bruises and cut injuries. They were rushed to the Government Rajaji Hospital and were treated for their injuries. Van driver, Asirvatham from Pathinettamkudi, who fled from the spot was later arrested by Othakadai police.According to the children, the driver picked up a call and was talking in his mobile while driving. As soon as he finished the call, he lost control over the vehicle as the road was in bad condition and the vehicle skidded when he applied the brakes. Few of them fell out from the van, they said.Othakadai police said that they have arrested Asirvatham by afternoon and he was booked for his negligent driving. Commotion prevailed in GRH premises as the anxious parents who rushed from the refugee camp were seen comforting their children. Few of the parents demanded stringent action against the driver for negligent driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245028", "title": "Swetha excited about Meeravudan Krishna", "text": "Actress Swetha, who has earlier done films like Payanangal Thodarum, Naanum En Kadhalum and Kamban Kazhagam, is excited about her role in Meeravudan Krishna.She says, \"I play a doctor, Meera, in the film. Directed by Krishna, the film deals with the different situations and problems that can arise in a family and how one could deal with them. It's a heroine-oriented film and Krishna told me I've a lot of scope to perform. Though I was initially nervous about playing a powerful character, I took it up as a challenge. I guess I've done a good job.\"Apart from directing the flick, Krishna also plays the lead in it. The audio of the film, which has music by Senthil Prasad, was launched recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12239921", "title": "'Jungle raj' led to killing: Singh", "text": "BHOPAL: The leader of opposition in the Madhya Pradesh assembly, Ajay Singh on Monday said the ruling BJP government's \"jungle raj\" and \"callous\" attitude led to the death of IPS officer Narendra Kumar Singh.\"What can one say about a state where a young IPS officer is brutally crushed to death under a tractor-trolley? It appears that a \"jungle raj\" is prevailing all over the state,\" Ajay said.He said the IPS officer had lost his life simply due to the \"negligent and callous\" attitude of the BJP government in the state.\"Congress has been raising the issue of illegal mining in Madhya Pradesh but the state government has done nothing to curb it. Instead, it looks as if the state government is busy in giving protection to those involved in illegal mining,\" the leader of opposition said.He said chief minister, Shivraj Singh Chouhan has already announced a judicial probe into the killing of IPS officer, Narendra Kumar Singh.\"But the Congress is not satisfied with this and wants that the killing should be probed by CBI,\" Ajay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12240421", "title": "Konkani news on Doordarshan channel", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's demand for a Konkani news bulletin on the local Doordarshan channel is now a reality. Doordarshan Kendra, Panaji , has begun telecasting a 15-minute Konkani news bulletin since March 10. The bulletin goes on air daily at 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12241185", "title": "Titagarh railway yard closure sparks confusion", "text": "KOLKATA: The sudden closure of a railway siding at Titagarh has not only given rise to allegations of extortion against a section of Trinamool Congress leaders but also reportedly created a rift between two central ministers from the party. The siding is one of the five major loading points for gunny bags in the Eastern Railway network, the others being Naihati, Kakinara, Budge Budge and Bhadreswarghat.According to sources, trouble erupted recently after Suresh Prasad and Bhola Prasad - main contractors in charge of loading gunny bags on wagons at the Titagarh yard - complained that they had been asked to pay a sizeable amount to people who claimed to be close to Trinamool leader and Bhatpara MLA Arjun Singh and two others. Party insiders claimed that Singh is close to Barrackpore MP and railways minister Dinesh Trivedi while the contractors belong to Union minister of state for shipping Mukul Roy's camp.\"We have been doing business here for nearly 50 years. We provide the railways with a revenue of Rs 40-50 crore annually and serve 25 jute mills. For two years now, people close to Arjun Singh have been trying to close down our operations. Now, they have spread rumours that we are anti-socials. When Mamata Banerjee was railways minister, she paid no heed to all these. All of a sudden, they have closed down our operations. Nearly 200 people work under us. They are now sitting idle,\" said Bhola Prasad.According to a railway official, there was confusion when the complaint was received. Nobody wished to get involved as the names of two important ministers had cropped up. After much deliberation, the siding was finally closed down. The official reason given was that a line in the yard is being extended to increase the goods handling capacity.Singh, when contacted by TOI, said that he was not aware of any such problem at the yard. \"I haven't heard of any such problem. Why don't you speak to Barrackpore MLA Shibhadra Dutta? The railway yard falls in his constituency,\" the MLA from Bhatpara said.Dutta also insisted that he wasn't aware of any extortion bid at the railway yard. \"Nobody has brought this to my notice. I was told the yard is being closed down as the space would be required for extension of platforms at Titagarh to accommodate 12-coach EMU rakes,\" he said.Railway officials claimed that the yard has been closed down, not for the extension of platforms but to increase capacity. \"Line 5 in the yard is being extended to increase the capacity of handling wagons,\" one of them said. Some officials, on condition of anonymity, however, maintained that the extension work could have been carried out even if the yard had remained operative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12245335", "title": "IPS officer's killing : MP govt agrees on CBI probe", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Tuesday announced to hand over the probe into the killing of IPS officer Narendra Singh to the Central Bureau of Investigation.Narendra Kumar was brutally crushed to death by a tractor allegedly by the 'mining mafia' in Morena district of Madhya Pradesh on March 8.The opposition Congress had stalled the proceedings of the House and forced an adjournment demanding a CBI probe into IPS officer's death and illegal mining activities in the state.\"We respect the wishes of the family of the IPS officer. His wife and IPS officer Madhurani Teotia wanted a CBI probe. We have decided to write to the centre to handover the probe into the circumstances led to his death to the CBI\", Chouhan told newsmen in the assembly premises after the House was adjourned abruptly.In an unprecedented move, opposition Congress in Madhya Pradesh Vidhan Sabha Tuesday stalled debate on its own notice for adjournment motion on the killing of IPS officer Narendra Kumar by the \"mining mafia\" in Morena district, demanding a probe by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) into the circumstanced led to his death and into the alleged rampant illegal mining activities in the state.\"It's perhaps for the first time in Parliamentary and legislative history that the opposition is not allowing debate on an adjournment motion, moved by them. It's unprecedented\", Speaker Ishwardas Rohani quipped as the opposition legislators trooped in to the well of the house, raising slogans and pressing for a CBI inquiry.As soon as the House assembled for the day, opposition members were on their feet raising the issue of killing of IPS officer Narendra Kumar in Morena district, pointing out that they have submitted notices for an adjournment motion. But, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan stumped the opposition, promptly agreeing for a debate and requested the Speaker to take up the debate immediately after suspending the question hour.As the speaker began reading out the opposition sponsored notice for adjournment motion on the issue, the opposition members changed their strategy and demanded pressing for an announcement for handing over the case to the CBI. \"Announce a CBI probe first, and then debate\", opposition members raised slogans and trooped into the well of the house.Speaker's repeated plea to the opposition to resume their seats and participate in the debate went unheeded as they continued to raise slogans. As noisy scenes continued for more than half an hour, the speaker said the opposition doesn't seem to be interested in debate hence would take up the remaining business for the day.Even as slogans shouting continued and amidst pandemonium, the ruling party members hastily participated in the debate on general budget. Finance Minister Raghavji replied to the debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12242409", "title": "AMC fails to clean up city after Holi revelry", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Though the Holi revelry is over, the sanitary staff of the Allahabad Municipal Corporation still appears to be in holiday mood as it has failed to undertake the cleaning drive in the city.Piles of garbage can be seen in the lanes and bylanes of many localities. Even the tattered clothes of Holi revelers can be seen hanging from the overhead electric cables in many localities.Among the localities where the filth is rampant are Old City areas like Loknath, Mohtashimganj, Chowk, Bahadurganj, Lukerganj, Khuldabad, Johnstonganj, Clock Tower, Chak, Badshahi Mandi and Katra.People too are responsible for the spread of garbage as they freely threw the waste outside in order to keep their houses clean. The drains are filled with coloured water.Kusum Lata Gupta, corporator from Mohtashimganj, said we thought AMC would ensure cleanliness before and during Holi, but even after passing of the festival, no cleanliness drive has been started.She said piles of garbage have been strewn in different parts of her locality.Talking to TOI, municipal commissioner Ashok Kumar said cleaning of the localities was affected as most of the staff was on Holi leave. However, he assured, the cleaning drive will start in the coming days.Piles of garbage can be seen in the lanes and bylanes of many localities. Even the tattered clothes of Holi revelers can be seen hanging from the overhead electric cables in many localities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245358", "title": "Will Racha be another Shakti?", "text": "Ram Charan's Racha is in plans to have a huge release in Telugu as well as Tamil and Malayalam. The film will release big in Karnataka too.Charan is planning to conquer entire south India with this movie. However, after looking at the trailers and listening to the songs, analysts opine that this film is not a right movie to set foot in other languages.Racha looks like a routine commercial potboiler with tons of masala which would lure the masses as well as mega fans. Films like these don't survive at the Tamil box office, especially with a non local hero. NTR Jr. did the same mistake for Shakti by releasing it in Tamil and Malayalam. The film bombed in both the languages due to poor script.Racha too has a routine story which is targeted at Mega fans and mass audience over here. Films like these will need a big star to pull it off in any language. So, a non local hero can't impress other language audience, with mediocre scripts. Same is the case with Tamil potboilers in Telugu. Except for very few films, none of those mass masala movies worked here. All in all seems like Charan chose the wrong movie to fulfill his long lasting dream.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandernagore (hooghly)", "code": "12241278", "title": "Murder bid on Hooghly mill worker", "text": "Chandernagore (Hooghly): A jute mill worker was shot at near Gate Bazar in Bhadreshwar on Monday.A worker of Shyamnagar Jute Mill was shot at near the mill located in the busy Gate Bazar area of Hooghly's Bhadreshwar around 9 a.m. on Monday. There has been a spurt in crime Bhadreshwar and neighbouring Rishra, alleged locals. They blamed it on police inaction that has emboldened miscreants to unleash terror in these towns.Around 9am, Mukhlal Yadav, an employee of Shyamnagar Jute Mill, was drinking tea at a nearby stall when two bike-borne youths arrived and shot at him. Yadav yelled for help raised an alarm and hid behind the shop for cover. But a bullet hit him in the arm and he fell to the ground. The bikers fled the spot without any resistance. Yadav was taken to Chandernagore hospital in a critical condition but lost a lot of blood on the way.Instead of probing the crime, local police blamed it on a dispute between Yadav and the attacker over landed property in Bihar. \"We think this is a fallout of an old land dispute between Yadav and the accused. Both the victim and the accused knew each other.We will arrest the miscreants soon,\" said a Bhadreswar police station officer.There has been a spurt in crime Bhadreshwar and neighbouring Rishra, alleged locals. They blamed it on police inaction that has emboldened miscreants to unleash terror in these towns.In the last three months, police stations have been flooded with reports on cases of extortion, rowdiness and attempt to murder. Brushing aside all allegations,Hooghly superintendent of police Tanmoy Roy Chowdhury, however, brushed aside all allegations. said, \"It is not true that criminals are roaming free in Bhadreshwar and Rishra. We have already arrested Ramesh Mahato, a hardened criminal in the area.He is now serving a jail term.\"However, locals said that there were many like Ramesh Mahato who are roaming free in Bhadreswar and Rishra and cops are just not bothered about arresting them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12239888", "title": "Rival behind businessman's murder: Sources", "text": "JAIPUR: Jaipur police investigating the murder of a businessman who was shot dead in Amber locality last Friday have reportedly claimed that he was killed by contract killers. It has come to light that his business rival was behind the murder.According to sources Jaipur police have cracked the murder case and claimed that the main reason behind the murder of Rahil alias Imran Khan was business rivalry.\"Rahil and another person identified as Meghraj were interested in a piece of land. Prima facie it appears that since Rahil was adamant, Meghraj hired two contract killers from Uttar Pradesh and asked them to get rid of Rahil,\" said a senior police officer on Monday.BL Soni police commissioner said, \"A team has already been sent to Muzaffarnagar and Bulandshehar. It is possible that the team will arrest the two who gunned down Rahil. Business rivalry could be behind the murder.\"According to sources, police have detained two persons in this connection including Meghraj. \"Meghraj also hails from Uttar Pradesh and frequently came to Jaipur. He was also Rahil's friend for some years. Since five bullets were fired at the victim it appears that the Meghraj also fired and was accompanied by the two contract killers,\" a senior officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12242906", "title": "Shutting of ferry service hits citizens", "text": "MUMBAI: Namita Verma, a tourist at the Gateway of India who had come a long way from Patna , could not visit Elephanta on Sunday and Monday and will have to return without seeing the world heritage site on Tuesday morning.Similarly, Umesh Nandgaonkar, a regular passenger to Gateway from Mandwa travelled for three-and-a-half hours by road on Monday to reach Mumbai against an hour's journey by a launch. This was because the launch services to Elephanta, Mandwa and Nhava from the Gateway remained closed between March 10 and 12 owing to the visit of President Pratibha Patil . And this without any communication to thousands of passengers who use the launch services.Patil, along with other dignitaries, attended a function at the Gateway held to mark the birth centenary of the state's first chief minister , Y B Chavan.\"It was not just the tourists who were inconvenienced but the boat operators lost their business. Everyday loss comes to around Rs 15 to 20 lakh for 100 launches which offer services at the Gateway,\" said Rajendra Padte of Mahesh Tours &amp; Travels, which operates launches to Elephanta from the Gateway. Around 8,000 people travel between Gateway and Mandwa near Alibaug every day. Similarly, over 2,000 tourists come to visit Elephanta besides nearly 1,500 regular commuters between Nhava (near Uran) and the Gateway. Padte said none of the tourists knew about the closure of services and there were no adequate alternative facilities to continue the launch services in such situations. At 4.30pm, the state government allowed Mantralaya employees to leave their work and urged them to attend the Gateway function.Traffic curbs in city todayT he traffic police have issued road restrictions for President Pratibha Patil's visit to educational institutions on Tuesday. Patil would be attending events at the Raja Shivaji Vidyalaya, LN Welingkar Institute of Management and Dr Ramnarain Ruia college, all situated at L Nappu Road, Matunga (E).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12240488", "title": "'Getting information under RTI will be as easy as getting coffee'", "text": "PANAJI: While assuring captains of industry of transparent procedures in the government, chief minister Manohar Parrikar spoke of government coming up with what he called \"information dispensers\" making information available under Right to Information (RTI) Act easier.Addressing the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) Goa council's annual day in Panaji on Monday, the chief minister promised good industrial climate, redressal of pending issues and a professional touch in running the administration. He also spoke of plans to make Goa plastic free.Parrikar said there will be transparency in decision-making and went on to say that he would make availability of information under RTI Act easier.\"It is difficult sometimes to get information we want under RTI act in the present set up. I have personally seen it. So, I am planning to make it easier for people to get information. Just as you have coffee dispensers, we can think of information dispensers,\" he said, pointing out the idea is to have a more efficient system, something like single window system, in furnishing information to the citizens.Requesting for conducive climate for industries in Goa, CII Goa chief Ralph de Sousa called for efforts to set up a tourism promotion board, IT industries etc.He also offered CII expertise in improving quality education, and said CII was ever ready to assist the government in its effort to improve industrial climate in the state.Responding to de Sousa's speech, the chief minister said that his government would be more responsive to the needs of the industry and try to provide 24x7 water supply and give quality power supply and put in place a transparent system for allotting land for industries.The chief minister also said that he will soon put a professional system in place in the economic development corporation and Goa industrial development corporation and consider setting up a tourism promotion board.The industry should also help the government to get professionals who have no vested interest in running the affairs of the two corporations which are linked to the industry, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12242463", "title": "Speaker draws flak for probe against porngate reporters", "text": "BANGALORE: The Press Council of India (PCI) has objected to the Karnataka speaker's decision to initiate proceedings against mediapersons for exposing Porngate, in which two BJP ministers allegedly viewed porn clips on the mobile phone of a colleague inside the assembly. In a letter to speaker KG Bopaiah, PCI chairman Justice Markandey Katju has urged him to withdraw the proceedings.Katju wrote: \"Instead of commending mediapersons for exposing MLAs watching porn in the assembly, proceedings have been started against them by constituting an inquiry committee. Such proceedings will only jeopardize the freedom of the press..., and seek to create an impression that it is the media which brought the House into disrepute rather than the ministers.\" He also took objection to questions raised by the inquiry panel, saying it seemed to be treating journalists like accused persons. The committee should rather focus on probing the sordid affair.Katju quoted the US Supreme Court judgment in the Pentagon papers case which said only a free and unrestrained press can effectively expose deception in government. \"Paramount among the responsibilities of a free press is preventing any part of the government from deceiving the people and sending them off to distant lands to die of foreign fevers and foreign shot and shell.\"\"In my view, far from deserving condemnation for their courageous reporting, New York Times, Washington Post and other papers deserve to be commended for serving the purpose which the founding fathers saw so clearly. In revealing the workings of the government which led to the Vietnam War , the papers nobly did precisely that which the founders hoped and trusted they would do,\" he said quoting that judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241084", "title": "Govt tries to save diplomat in maid\u2019s case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Noting that diplomats enjoyed immunity abroad and foreign courts had no jurisdiction over them, the Centre on Monday moved the Delhi High Court seeking an order restraining an Indian maid from pursuing in the US a case against her former employers.The employers, an Indian diplomat and her husband, are accused by the maid of abusing her.Filing a civil suit before Justice Kailash Gambhir, the ministry of external affairs contended that the case initiated by the maid, Shanti Gurung, with the help of a voluntary organization against Neena and Yogesh Malhotra was abuse of process of law as the allegations were baseless and malafide.A US judge had recommended that Neena and Yogesh should pay nearly $1.5 million to Gurung as damages on her complaint of \"slavery\" and \"barbaric treatment\" while she was employed as their domestic worker.Justice Gambhir has listed the matter for hearing on Tuesday.In its petition, the government said the legal action against the Malhotras was in violation of Foreign Sovereign Immunity Act of USA and also the Vienna and the Hague Conventions.\"They enjoyed diplomatic immunity and they are under the territorial jurisdiction of this court and any legal action against them can be done only in Delhi,\" the government said seeking a direction to Gurung to withdraw her case. The legal proceeding is pending before a US judge to fix adequate damage for the maid on her complaint.In its petition, the government said, \"The US court lacks jurisdiction to entertain the complaint against the Indian diplomat and try any proceedings against them. Any order to be passed by the US district court would be contrary to the Foreign Sovereign Immunity Act and also an interference with the judicial sovereignty of India.\"In July 2010, Gurung filed a complaint before a US court accusing the Malhotras of kidnapping and trafficking her and also ill-treating her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12240744", "title": "Cops put on alert to protect Maya, dalit leaders' statues", "text": "NOIDA: To avoid disfigurement of the statues of Mayawati and prominent dalit leaders erected at the Dalit Prerna Sthal in Noida, security has been beefed up in and around the park. Senior police officials said that the director general of police in Lucknow has given directions to carry out flag marches at the park and other sensitive areas in the district.In addition, PAC and cops in plainclothes will keep a close watch on all activities around the park. The police have resorted to this step upon fears that miscreants could deface the park and statues thereby creating a volatile law and order situation in the state. Sources said that there is a possibility of damage to the Dalit Park and other statues by gangs that could trigger tension between the Samajwadi Party and BSP.A senior UP police official on the condition of anonymity said that they have got information of some groups that may damage the ambitious projects of Mayawati in Gautam Budh Nagar district. These were precisely the kind of incidents that had cost the Samajwadi Party its government in Uttar Pradesh in 2007. Widespread reporting of violence in the aftermath of the party's stunning victory this year is fuelling speculation of a return to the lawless days in the Hindi heartland state.Sources in SP said that the key leaders are putting in efforts to avoid any untoward incident that could damage the image of the party. \"Akhilesh Yadav has made painful efforts to improve the image of the party in Uttar Pradesh. Now, all partymen have been strictly instructed to avoid any act that could damage the image of the party,\" said an SP leader of Gautam Budh Nagar district.At least three persons reportedly died and dozens of Dalit houses were torched in incidents of violence across the state within 36 hours after the historical win of Samajwadi party, several involving SP workers. For damage control, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav had to come forward and was quick to caution his partymen that if they did not maintain discipline, it would malign the image of the party. Mulayam also met chief secretary Anup Kumar Mishra and DGP Brij Lal to review the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12247635", "title": "Chiranjeevi was invited for Oscar Awards", "text": "It's a known fact that Chiranjeevi is amongst the highest paid actresses in India and his films enjoy a huge viewer-ship even in countries like US and UK.However did you know that Chiranjeevi was the first actor from South India to be invited to attend the Oscar Awards in 1987...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241360", "title": "Kalmadi on duty, Congress red-faced", "text": "NEW DELHI: Suspended Congress MP Suresh Kalmadi was put on roster duty in the Budget session of Parliament which began on Monday, but the CPP later dubbed the lapse as a 'clerical error.'Girija Vyas had sent the circular about roster duty to party MPs, including Kalmadi, asking them to ensure good presence at all times in Parliament.Later, Vyas termed the mistake as 'clerical error'. Congress had in April last year suspended Kalamdi from the party soon after the arrest of the Lok Sabha member from Pune in connection with alleged irregularities in the conduct of the 2010 Commonwealth Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12241517", "title": "Short Cuts", "text": "'The older we get the happier we are'Even though the physical quality of life goes down once an individual gets past middle age, the level of mental satisfaction increases , claims a new study. The study, conducted by researchers from the University of Warwick , backs up previous research showing that happiness levels form a U-curve , reaching their low point at around 45 but then increasing as we age.Salt-resistant wheat grownAustralian scientists have claimed that after 15 years of work they have succeeded in growing salt-resistant wheat. The CSIRO first identified the gene in the 1990s and now, using non-GM crop breeding techniques, University of Adelaide researchers have successfully grown a durum wheat crop, the ABC reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "12241695", "title": "Honest 17-yr-old girl dumps riches for rags", "text": "Dombivli: A 17-year-old rag-picker handed over gold ornaments worth Rs 8.5 lakh to the police after they were mistakenly thrown into a bin by a senior citizen. The family which owned the ornaments rewarded her Rs 10,000 at a felicitation organized at the deputy commissioner of police's office in Kalyan on Monday.The Vishnunagar police said Vandana Ulkande (65) and her husband Vijay (67) had cleaned up their residence at Vedant Tower in Kalu Nagar before leaving for their native place in Sholapur last Monday. Vandana had mistakenly left the ornaments in a tiffin box, which she dumped into the nearest garbage bin.It was only after their return that they realized that the ornaments were missing and lodged a police complaint.The next day, when Alka Sarode from Rahul Nagar found the tiffin filled with ornaments, she approached the police as she realized that someone may have dumped it by mistake. The police contacted the Ulkandes, who identified their jewellery.The girl was felicitated in the presence of deputy commissioner of police Manoj Patil, for her honesty. Alka told TOI, \"I earn money by doing my work. But when I found the ornaments, I realized that they may have been purchased by someone doing hard work. I immediately decided to return them to the real owner and approached the police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12239989", "title": "Excellence school to connect with British school", "text": "BHOPAL: Students of the government Subhash School for Excellence, Shivaji Nagar and Ormiston Park Academy are working on two-year project for connecting classroom for exchange of ideas and curriculum. The project is being held in co-ordination with the British council.In process since the last academic session, the project consists innovations by the students of both schools including Madhya Pradesh's life-line, Narmada river and London's Thames river.\"The students are sharing their work through internet,\" a government spokesperson said. \"An international award will also be conferred on these students on successful completion of this project,\" he added.This project also includes the study of rivers, environment, natural and man-made tragedies, tribes of Saarc and London Olympics, 2012.Researches on pollution, carbon emission, ozone depletion, environmental conservation and other interesting national and international concerns are also included in this project.A team of teachers and principals visited Bhopal under this project last month. The delegation spoke to the students of Subhash School for Excellence about their experience while working on this project. The students also presented cultural programs during this event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12241691", "title": "Cops can act against illegal liquor: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The police can act against the illegal sale, transportation and storage of alcohol and can visit bars or liquor shops to check for violation of rules, the Bombay High Court has ruled.\"Police officers have the power to detect and investigate offences committed under the Prohibition Act,'' said a division bench of Justices Naresh Patil and T V Nalawade, while dismissing a petition filed by a Dhule bar owner to prevent police officers from visiting his shop.The court rejected the contention that the police had no powers to act on their own in the matter of illegal sale of liquor. In fact, another wing of the state, the excise department, said the police could not take action and had to inform their officials if they come across violations of the Prohibition Act. Reference was made to circulars issued by the home department and the inspector-general of police, where police officers were advised not to visit bars and liquor shops to check for illegalities. The police officers were told to inform the nearest prohibition or excise officer.\"These circulars cannot take the place of provisions of the law and the provisions of the Criminal Procedure Code,'' the judges said. The court pointed to provisions in the Prohibition Act that gave powers to the police \"to enter and inspect premises, when there is reason to believe that intoxicant, any prohibited substance is kept there (in violation of rules)''.The police can arrest a person, even without a warrant, and can seize and confiscate the liquor. \"But in such cases, it is desirable for the police to inform such incidents to the nearest prohibition officer or excise department, as there is always the possibility of detecting more irregularities and more offences,'' the judges observed and added, \"However, the police can go on with investigations in such cases.''The court refused to grant bar owner, Rajesh Jaiswal, a reprieve and rejected his claims for compensation for action against him by the local police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245021", "title": "Ideas without borders", "text": "Harvard University's student exchange programme comes to Mumbai. Ruchi Kumar reportsHosted by the St Xavier's College, a delegation of students from Harvard will be attending a conference in Mumbai. As part of the conference exchange tour, these students will be attending programmes at partner schools across Asia.Initiated by the premier university, Harvard College in Asia Programme (HCAP) sponsors exchange conferences with the top universities in Asia. The conference scheduled for March 16 and 17, was preceded with a visit by the Indian delegation to Harvard, from St Xavier's College, earlier this year.\"In efforts to globalise the academics, our college welcomes collaborations with foreign universities to provide the students with an all round exposure. As part of the HCAP programme for the last five years, we look forward to the opportunity to be a platform for cross-cultural exchange,\" explains Father Roy Periera, director, Council of International Programmes at St Xavier's.Taking this very idea forward, is the theme for the two-day conference, aptly dubbed 'Technology and Social (In)Justice'. Explaining the theme, Periera says, \"The choices of themes vary every year, retaining a crux of social relevance. The current topic is of interest and concerns students globally. We intend to provide students, Indian and foreign alike, exposure to an array of speakers and stalwarts from a cross section of the society, connecting them with realities of the different worlds.\"Lizann Fernandez, a student and part of this year's delegate to Harvard, who talks fondly of her experience, adds, \"The theme, although pervasive, is perceived differently by every country depending on its technological progress, but it is India that really questions this truism. We hope to raise questions like, is technological advancement subject to only those who can afford it and how can it be harnessed to solve larger global issues.\"The delegation will be visiting Mumbai for eight days. Students of the host college have planned an elaborate tour for it. \"We wish to give them a glimpse of the real Mumbai. Trips to Mani Bhavan, temples, Elephanta caves will be offset with trips to Dharavi, IIT Bombay campus, shopping excursions and tasting local cuisines,\" quips Fernandez. The highlight of the programme, however, is the conference itself. \"We hope to create an environment to foster an interaction with professionals from the field of social enterprise and development, prolific professors, business heads, as well as local students from Mumbai colleges,\" concludes Fernandez.The conference is open to all and is free of cost. Students from all colleges can attend and contribute to the global, cross-cultural and social dialogue exchange. To register, visit gyaanexchange.comHIGHLIGHTSThe theme for the two-day conference is 'Technology and Social (In)Justice' The conference is scheduled for March 16 and 17Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244535", "title": "Kay Kay Menon\u2019s new avatar", "text": "Kay Kay Menon plays the title role of the Dream Man in Makrand Deshpande's directorial venture.Though the picture may urge you to question the 'Man' part of it, let us tell you that this is just one of the many avatars that the actor will don for the film.Dressed in a saree, Kay Kay will essay the role of a woman who gets possessed by benign spirits. And it was director Makrand who convinced Kay Kay to dress up in nine yards. \"Kay Kay is a fantastic actor and this role is very challenging. I convinced him to do it,\" agreed the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12239377", "title": "I&B; ministry logs on to Facebook", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the run-up to mandatory digitization of cable addressability systems in four metro cities, the information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry has debuted on Facebook to create awareness and increase interaction with viewers.The account will \"facilitate exchange of information and clarifications on a wider canvas of public participation, covering a whole gamut of public concerns,\" a statement said.The ministry has set an ambitious deadline for complete digitization of the cable sector by December 31, 2014. In the first phase of this plan, Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata have to be digitalized by June 30 this year. The ministry is also planning awareness drives with states to release information on digitization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12243904", "title": "LTTE chief's 12-yr-old son was shot five times in the chest, shows 2009 footage", "text": "LONDON: The mystery around the last days of the assault on LTTE deepened on Monday after a documentary filmmaker claimed to have a \"chilling piece of footage\" showing the bullet-ridden body of the son of its slain supremo V Prabakaran, a report described by Colombo as \"concocted\".Prabhakaran's 12-year-old son Balachandran's body is shown stripped to the waist and with five bullet holes to the chest.The footage dating from May 18, 2009 will be broadcast on Wednesday in a Channel 4 film--Sri Lanka's Killing Fields: War Crimes Unpunished--a sequel to the controversial investigation broadcast last year which accused both the LTTE and the Sri Lankan government of war crimes and crimes against humanity, The Independent said.However, the authenticity of the video is unknown. The Sri Lanka high commissioner in India rejected the charges made by the filmmaker Callum Macrae .\"In our view this is a tentative report, uncorroborated and not being authenticated. This has not been shared with us for us to check. It goes against journalism ethics. The report is motivated and is concocted,\" Lankan High Commissioner to India Prasad Kariyawasam said in New Delhi.The report comes ahead of a crucial vote on US-backed UN Human Rights Council resolution for an inquiry into human rights violations by Lankan army.Talking about Balachandran, Kariyawasam said \"He may have died. We have no records but he was never murdered. We deny this allegation.\"He said according to a report, 8000 people were killed in the war and this included many LTTE members. \"They were not murdered. They died in the course of war\".He said the latest report was \"motivated\" to bring disrepute to Lanka.Asked if they officially registered their objection with Channel 4, he said, \"We have officially objected. The High Commission in London has done so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12242363", "title": "Former President Abdul Kalam in city today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Former President of the country and 'Missile Man of India' Dr APJ Abdul Kalam would arrive in the city on Tuesday. His visit is eagerly awaited by the students' community who would interact with Dr Kalam. Hectic preparations are underway in the city for his arrival.Kalam would also inaugurate the centenary celebrations of Vigyan Parishad.The programme would start at about 2:00 pm. He would be the chief guest of the function.The programme would be presided by R Chidambaram, former scientific advisor to the Prime Minister of the country. Final touches were being given to the venue of the programme on Monday where former-president would deliver his speech.After that, he would participate in the sliver jubilee celebrations of Tagore Public School located at Attarsuiya. Chief Justice of Allahabad High Court Justice SR Alam would be the chief guest.The programme would start at about 3:45 pm and continue till 4:45 pm.Besides, giving the address, the former president would also interact with the students. About 2000 students from TPS and other schools of the city are expected to participate in the programme.The former president would also release a brochure and inaugurate the silver jubilee building.Later, he would head to BBS College of Engineering and technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12241989", "title": "Akhilesh calls for ideas that can change UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The final stamp of approval for Akhilesh Yadav to head UP may have come on March 10, but his coronation in cyber space took place nearly two weeks ago, even before polling in the last two phases of UP ended.Reaching out to people through his One Action CM initiative, an online campaign on Facebook that began on February 26 \"to capture ideas that are important for Nation's benefit,\" Akhilesh began seeking suggestions from people on the 'One Idea' they would implement if they were appointed CM. Clearly, his idea clicked. Since the initiative began, Akhilesh's page has collected nearly 53,000 'likes'; at least another 36,000 people, the website suggests, are also \"talking about\" Akhilesh's unique enterprise.There's a comprehensive to-do list, in fact, that awaits Akhilesh even before he takes oath. Comments for what UP needs have poured in from different quarters, with academicians, professionals and even government employees pitching in for putting UP on the path to progress.If Prof Ashim Mishra from Indian Institute of Management Lucknow has advised Akhilesh to set up a micro-finance body at the panchayat and village level, create an RTI cell in each government department and thinking of innovative measures to ensure money reaches the poorest of poor; Sanjay Mishra, a professor of sociology at Mekelle University, also suggests the state treasury should be strengthened.Advisories on good governance also include suggestions for elbowing out muscle men, apart from emphasising on education among the state's political class. Anand Mohan, for instance, has advised Akhilesh to sack all the unruly elements in the SP.Deepti Yadav has emphasised the need to make UP a more secure place for women. Government employee Sriram Gautam has said he would, as CM, make it compulsory for all teachers to educate their children in the same school, while Manoj Tripathi, another UP government official has said the basic and intermediate education in the state should be strengthened.If there's one area that appears to have captured the imagination of the largest numbers, though, it is the need to create employment in the state. A scholar at Jawaharlal University, Nipun Nutan has said the state needs to shift its focus from agriculture to manufacturing and service sectors for improved growth. Bhupendra Pratap Singh, associated with the All India Anti-Crime Bureau, on the other hand, has suggested UP needs to emphasise on better quality of education. Large numbers of subscribers to Akhilesh's page have also said UP needs industrial development and greater job opportunities. Supreme Court advocate Mradul Shukla has said that he would focus on improving infrastructure, roads, electricity situation and law and order in the state if he were the CM; Rahul Agarwal, another advocate said UP needs judicial and police reforms.Though the stream of suggestions continues unabated, it hasn't been a one-way process only. The Akhilesh camp has been reasonably active as well, posting photographs of Akhilesh through his campaign trail, apart from couplets of poetry that inspire him. The young neta has also acknowledged the myriad opinions, writing: \"Thank you all for posting your ideas at One Action CM. It has been extremely useful. I have been reviewing these ideas and shall be responding to them over the next week.\"With 582 suggestions received and the numbers still swelling, there is a plenty of work cut out for the CM designate. After March 15, all eyes will be on Akhilesh to see how this progressive Neta delivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12241902", "title": "Glaucoma awareness week begins", "text": "LUCKNOW: It usually doesn't show itself, but glaucoma can lead to irreparable loss to one's eyesight. Considering its severity, the week starting March 12 is being observed as Glaucoma awareness week. City hospitals and Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University organised programmes to inform patients and attendants about the disease.\"Prevention is the only way to avoid the disease,\" said Prof Vinita Singh, head of ophthalmology department, CSMMU.She informed that glaucoma is a disease of the optic nerve. It usually occurs due to pressure on the optic nerve due to reasons like age-related degeneration, decreased output of fluid inside the eye (this fluid nourishes the eye) among others.\"Glaucoma is usually a silent disease with very few symptoms that are pretty hard to spot by a common man. Initially a person's distal vision is affected. But chances are the patient won't even realise it till it is too late. There is no pain or watering of the eyes. In most cases it is diagnosed when there is loss in central vision, in this the patient begins experiencing what is called tunnel vision. By this stage, it is too late to reverse the damage and it usually ends in blindness,\" said Dr Arun Kumar, who works for glaucoma awareness.He added that most cases of glaucoma can be detected with routine eye check-ups. As far as treatment of the disease is concerned, intervention can help in checking the spread of disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241349", "title": "Congress keen to keep lines open with SP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi's gesture in walking across Parliament's Central Hall to greet Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav was not missed. Neither was Uttar Pradesh chief minister-designate Akhilesh Yadav reciprocating by seeking Sonia's good wishes.As the dust over the hard-fought and often acrimonious UP election settles, Congress is keen to ensure cordiality in relations with the Yadav chieftain and his son. Aware that its numbers in Parliament need close attention, even if they are not under threat, Congress intends to keep its lines with SP wide open.Sources said although no formal initiative has yet taken shape, the government did not see any merit in persisting with poll-time hostility and is keen to maintain a working relationship even if the terms of trade are now a lot less titled against SP than in the past.On its part, SP is also not looking for a showdown with the Centre and some feel that the party will be keen to receive assistance on issues concerning its state manifesto. SP leaders have indicated that the party is willing to support legislation \"on merit\" rather than being obstructionist.Congress's plans for a reciprocal power-sharing with SP in UP and the Centre took a blow when the Yadav duo won a clear majority on their own. But a section of Congress is still pursuing the possibility of inducting SP into the UPA and the Cabinet, arguing that the senior Yadav might be willing to consider such a proposal as Akhilesh takes charge.On the other hand, SP might be wary of associating with Congress at the Centre as this will mean that it will not be able to toe a completely unilateral line in UP. Its alliance would force it to take a more considered view of Congress's sensibilities. Also, the party will have to assess whether hooking up with the Congress bandwagon at a time when the UPA's stock is falling is worth more than its downside.Some Congress leaders feel Mulayam might be willing to consider participation in government, but admit that the party leadership has itself not taken a call on it. \"Such a move can be considered once the Congress leadership gives its political clearance. This has not yet happened,\" said sources.Congress is looking to ensure that it does not lack a buffer in Lok Sabha and will keep BSP in good humour as well. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's dinner for UPA leaders on Tuesday is intended to be a networking exercise although it is a practice followed at the start of all Parliament sessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12242560", "title": "Swipe anyone's card, the ownership doesn't matter", "text": "If you're someone who believes that the signature at the back of your debit card protects you from fraud, sample this. Two TOI reporters exchanged debit cards and walked in to four well-known stores at Connaught Place on Monday afternoon. They bought, among other things, two glasses of milkshake, a pair of slippers, a kurta, a book and skincare products. All the transactions went through despite the fact that the name on the merchant's slip was different from the signature on the same slip. For instance, a debit card slip with the name Anahita Mukherji printed on it had a signature that bore the name Jayashree Nandi. We did not even bother to forge each other's signatures. When one reporter signed for the other, the cashier did not even glance at the back of the card or verify the name or the signature on the card.While in such cases, the blame may appear to lie entirely with careless cashiers, consumer activist Jehangir Gai feels banks should be held primarily responsible. \"When it comes to both debit and credit cards, bank policies deliberately go against the consumer. What is the purpose of a signature behind a debit or credit card if it works like a bearer card where anyone who holds the card can use it? The fact that there is a signature on the card means that the merchant establishment is meant to tally the signature of the customer with the one on the card. But merchants don't bother to do so as banks pay up irrespective of whether or not the signatures tally. This is because they have a customer's money at their disposal. If a payment is made on a fraudulent cheque, the bank can be held liable. Similarly, why isn't a merchant held liable for allowing purchases on a false signature ?\" says Gai.According to an official from a leading private bank whose debit cards we used for the transactions, the merchant slip that a customer signs while making a transaction does not come to the bank as it is at the back end of a point of sales transaction. \"But in the case of a dispute, the bank has the right to ask the merchant to produce the slip. All of our debit cards have a zero-liability policy. This means that if a consumer says his card was fraudulently used, he can fill out a dispute form given by the bank, and after producing the necessary documents such as an FIR, the bank will reimburse the money,\" he said. The official adds that for high value transactions, merchants usually ask for an identity proof.When TOI called the stores from which our reporters had shopped, all four store managers agreed that the \"best practice \" was to match the signatures on the card and on the slip. But all of them claimed it was difficult to do so during rush hour.\"We usually match the signature with the name on the card. But during rush hour, it is not possible to check every signature. But we try to do so for 99% of the transactions,\" said Sunil Kumar, manager of Bata store, B block, CP.Accountants at Fabindia, another store we visited, said that when there's a crowd, customers get angry if they're kept waiting while the shopkeeper checks the details on a card. \"Most of the time we check the name on the card. We sometimes ask customers to show us their pan card, too,\" said Varun Sharma, accountant with the Fabindia store at the same block. Asutosh Bharadwaj, salesman at Jain Book Agency at C block, said they did not check the signature on the card during peak hour, while KFC store attendants, too, said they did not check the signature most of the time. \"We know that we should be checking the signatures, but this is not usually practised,\" added manager at KFC (A block), Govind Magu. Experts caution against using debit cards to shop with. They say some outlets have scanners that can capture the data on the magnetic strip at the back of the card, which has all the details of a customer's account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12241926", "title": "20-year-old shot dead", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a broad daylight murder, three motorcycle-borne miscreants shot dead a 20-year-old youth when he was going to get his clothes ironed near his house in Sector E, LDA Colony in Sarojininagar police station area on Monday morning. The incident took place at around 10.15 am. The deceased was identified as Madhur Tiwari, who was engaged in food-product business.Madhur had come out of his house at around 10 in the morning to get his clothes ironed. According to eyewitnesses, Madhur had reached near Bima Hospital when three motorcycle-borne miscreants intercepted him. Before Madhur could understand anything, one of the miscreants whipped out a country-made pistol and opened fire on him.Bleeding profusely, Madhur fell on the ground. On receiving the news, family members of Madhur and police rushed to the spot and rushed him to the trauma centre where the doctors declared him dead. Talking to TOI, circle officer Sanjay Kumar said that the miscreants had fired one round and the bullet had hit Madhur in his chest.Madhur's elder brother Gopal Tiwari, who also is in the same business with Madhur, told police that his brother had some dispute with a few youths over some money. The circle officer did confirm this but said that nothing in writing had been received from the family members. At the moment, all angles are being probed, the circle officer said and added efforts are being made to nab the miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12240930", "title": "Thirunakkara temple fest to begin tomorrow", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The annual festival at Sri Mahadevar Temple at Thirunakkara will commence on Wednesday with the hoisting of the ceremonial flag at 7pm. Chief thantri Thazhamon Madhom Kandararu Maheswararu will lead the rituals.Later in the day, revenue minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan will inaugurate the cultural meet. Various cultural programmes have been arranged for the 10-day festival. The programmes will start with a musical concert by playback singer Franco at 9.30pm on Wednesday.Kathakali performances will be held on March 15, 16 and 17. Renowned kathakali artiste Kalamandalam Gopi will perform on March 17.Percussion maestro Kizhakoot Aniyan Marar will perform for the first time in the town at 6pm on March 19.The most important part of the festival, 'pakalpooram' is scheduled for March 22. Peruvanam Kuttan Marar and group will perform 'altharamelam' while Mattannur Sankarankutty Marar will lead 'pandimelam'.\"The presence of 22 tuskers will add to the grandeur of 'pakalpooram,\" said T C Ganesh, general convener of the festival committee.The festival will conclude with 'aarattu' on March 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "gajwel (medak)", "code": "12240717", "title": "Medak tomato farmers script a success story", "text": "GAJWEL (MEDAK): If neighbouring Ranga Reddy district supplies a major share of vegetables to Hyderabad, then drought-hit Medak district is not far behind in meeting the tomato needs of the residents. Over 6,000 farmers in Gajwel mandal of Medak are reaping riches by supplying tomatoes and other vegetables to the state capital in the last couple of years.The success story of theses farmers, who used to cultivate grapes and mangoes previously, began with the drip irrigation system introduced in 4,000 acres in Gajwel mandal two years ago and ever since there is no looking back. \"With the help of drip irrigation and borewells, we are able to get 30 tonnes of yield per acre in a year,\" G Mallareddy, one of the farmers, said.The result is rich harvest. As much as 12,000 tonnes of vegetables come to the city a year from here. Some farmers cultivate beans as an inter-crop. \"With government subsidy of 90% on input cost, we are able to reap more benefits,\" S Hari, a tomato farmer told TOI. A horticulture official said thanks to use of drip irrigation and modern farming technologies, the area has been turned into a major tomato cultivation hub in the state. Three years ago, there was only one vegetable collection centre here. Now, there are four from where the vegetables are transported to Hyderabad. \"The capital city's major supermarket chains get supplies from here. We are able to make a profit of Rs 2 lakh a year,\" K Narendar Reddy, another farmer, explained.Nearly 25 villages are into tomato cultivation in an area of 4,000 acres. Though mango and grape require less water, careful nourishment and technical expertise are constantly needed to protect the crops. With enormous tomato crop flooding the collection centres, the authorities are planning to open four more centres. Tomato is a bi-annual crop and market fluctuations are a major worry for the farmers. \"But they can get good yield and good rate if they market their crop between May and August,\" Someswar Rao, horticulture officer, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12242349", "title": "Sun plays hide-n-seek; rain makes weather pleasant", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The city woke up to a cloudy morning on Monday. The cool air forced many people to take out their woollen clothes. The sun remained in the hiding the entire day.\"We has packed our woolen clothes and were taken aback by the sudden change in weather,\" said Salamat Ali, adding \"we took out woolen garments to protect ourselves from the cool wind.\"As the weather remained pleasant, many denizens thronged parks and other public places. There was also a light drizzle for some time.Meanwhile, a major road accident took place on Allahabad-Lucknow highway where a pick-up (tempo) rammed into a stationary tailor (truck) resulting in the death of two persons on the spot.The deceased were identified as Lal Babu (25) of Karchana and Surya Prakash (35) of Industrial Area. The incident took place near Adhiyari village under Nawabganj police station on Monday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12247770", "title": "Youth sentenced to death for rape, murder of 75-year-old woman in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An additional districts and sessions court of Haryana on Tuesday announced death sentence to a 22-year-old youth, who was proven guilty of raping and murdering a 75-year-old woman.The judgment was delivered by the court of Neelima Shangla, an additional district and sessions judge (ADJ) of Sirsa two hours ago.While announcing gallows for 22-year-old Nikka Singh, Shangla justified her decision by saying that the crime was of `the rarest of rare crime' category and the guilty deserved capital punishment.\"Hence, death sentence is most appropriate in this case as justice demands that court must impose punishment befitting the crime. The court has held that it is a cold blooded brutal murder after committing rape of an innocent and hapless 75 year old woman, which makes this case 'the rarest of rare'. That calls for no punishment other than capital punishment. The court has held that the accused Nikka Singh is a savage like person and his existence on earth is a grave danger to society. He has attempted rape against several other village women. Hence, death sentence to such a ferocious man will satisfy the interest of justice,'' Neelima Shangla, the ADJ said, while announcing the quantum of sentence in the open court at Sirsa judicial complex.On February 11, 2011 Gurdev Kaur, a 75-year-old woman was found dead in the mustard fields of a farmer, Mal Singh in Sanwat Khera village of Sirsa district. She was spotted by her family members who were searching for her since she had not returned home from her walk.Her neck was tied with her pyjama and mouth gagged with mustard leaves. A case under sections 376 and 302 of IPC was registered at Sirsa's police station.Nikka Singh's involvement came to light following the suspicion raised by three village women who alleged that they were sexually assaulted by him.During interrogation, Nikka Singh confessed his crime and helped police in recovering the missing earrings and spectacles of the septuagenarian victim.Forensic and medical examination of the victim and the accused established that Nikka was guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12241918", "title": "Auto-Matador collision leaves one dead", "text": "GONDIA: One person was killed, while three others were injured when a Matador collided with an auto rickshaw while attempting to overtake it. The accident took place near Ambhora village in Gondia tehsil at around 12 noon on Saturday, when the driver of the matador lost control over the wheel. Auto driven by Budhraam Jagane (30) was coming from Kamtha to Gondia while the Matador was being driven by Devendra Kuthe (22) of Rajegaon village.Thirty-year-old Munna Neware of Rajegaon village, who was in the auto, was killed on the spot. Rameshwar Neware (25) and drivers of both the vehicles were injured and are undergoing treatment in KTS government hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12239878", "title": "Ooty flower show on May 18", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: The '116th flower show and the 54th fruit show Committee' comprising the Nilgiris district Collector, Archana Patnaik and the commissioner of horticulture, plantation and crops, Santhosh Babu and other Nilgiri district officials met, on Monday, to finalize dates of various shows including the famous 'Flower Show' and 'Fruit Show' to be held in Ooty during May. According to Santhosh Babu, the 116th floral carnival will be held at the Government Botanical Garden (GBG) on May 18, 19 and 20. While the 'Rose Show' will be conducted at the Government Rose Park on May 12 and 13 the '54th Fruit Show' will take place at Sim's Park in Coonoor on May 26 and 27. The 'Vegetable Show' will be held at Kotagiri on May 5 and 6 and the 'Spice Show' in Gudalur on May 6.The forthcoming 'annual summer festival -2012' in Ooty promises to be more spectacular as 66 new varieties of flower seedlings including special species like Acroclinum, Angelonia and Browalia have been introduced. The preparation that included planting of flower saplings for the main summer season- 2012 commenced last December. According to V Ramsunder, Assistant Director of Horticulture, GBG, the botanical garden is being prepared for the summer season in a grand manner. \"Around 159 varieties of flower seeds including 66 new varieties of about 95 species have been sown in the garden,\" Ramsunder said.Stating that out of 159 varieties, nearly 90 are F1 hybrids selected for its well known colour and attractive characters, Ramsunder said, \"The flower saplings are planted according to their duration of life so as to keep the garden in full bloom during the summer season\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12241100", "title": "Welcome to new Russell Market", "text": "BANGALORE: Come Thursday (March 15), there will be a brand new Russell Market awaiting you. This accomplishment in a short time is due to the labour of love of the traders. Unwilling to depend on the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike, the traders of the burnt market took up the challenge with the help of private players.And 90 labourers have been toiling day and night since March 8 to completely overhaul the market which was gutted on February 25. The reconstruction cost, which is Rs 1 crore, is borne by the traders themselves.Work by KK Infrastructure Private Limited, a private firm which worked for Bengaluru International Airport, is racing towards completion. \"We are trying to retain the historical significance of the market as much as possible. We have relaid the foundation. Re-plastering of the ceiling and walls is on. We have replaced the burntout zinc and wooden roof with fire-resistant metallic roof and have also built 18 of the 72 pillars which were gutted. It is a challenge. We are here to give back the rich old Russell Market to Bangaloreans,\" says Krishna Kuttappa, managing director of the firm.Interestingly, the traders decided to keep off BBMP. BBMP would have taken six months to complete the renovation work. We could not have afforded to remain jobless till then. So we decided to renovate it ourselves by handing over the work to the private agency, '' said Mohammed Idrees Chowdhury, general secretary, Russell Market Traders' Association.VIEW FROM THE TOPAmidst the labourers and vendors was architect and urban designer Anitha Suseelan trying to study the ravaged walls. The PG coordinator (architecture) at RV School of Architecture was on Monday seen explaining to the traders her keen interest in the architecture of the market. \"I view Russell Market as a new economic and social force. The city witnessed a new rebuilding process of the market from ground zero, a new thinking to conventional urbanism. It could be a celebrated case of municipal service provision if BBMP participates in this self-help model away from decades of subsidies, aid, public investments etc. The insight is built by those at the bottom of the economic pyramid and that's what is interesting,\" she says.RV School of Architecture has a wealth of information on the historicity of this building and its precincts, detailed drawings, data and design proposals. \"We want to exhibit the documents on the day the market reopens,\" she told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12240715", "title": "Compensation cheques to be given from Wednesday", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has decided to resume disbursing enhanced compensation cheques to farmers from Wednesday according to honour the settlement between the UP government and agitating farmers.The Authority has already allotted developed plots and disbursed cheques worth Rs 350 crore in 16 of the 52 villages in Noida. However, the disbursement process had to be halted due to the model code of conduct being in place for the assembly elections.Noida Authority CEO Capt SK Dwivedi said, \"We have already published the list of villagers who are eligible to get the 5% developed plots in lieu of acquired land. From Wednesday, the remaining villages will get their due compensation and rehabilitation packages. We hope to complete the disbursement of all remaining cheques and make the pending allotments in the next 15 to 20 days.\"The disbursement of pending compensation cheques and allotment of developed plots will translate into an additional burden of around Rs 3,500 crore. tnnThe Allahabad High Court had ordered cancellation of land acquisition in three villages of Noida and Greater Noida and ordered that farmers in the twin cities be paid a 64% increase in compensation for acquired land. The court had further directed the authorities to give the farmers 10% (instead of earlier 5-6%) share in developed plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12239798", "title": "Intermediate student's answer script 'missing'", "text": "HYDERABAD: An answer script of an Intermediate second year student went missing from an exam centre in Dilsukhnagar on Monday. Following the incident, the student and the college management lodged separate police complaints and finally Board of Intermediate Education (BIE) officials had to intervene to convince the student that she would not be failed in the subject.On Monday morning, Intermediate II year student Ooha went to Sri Ideal Junior College at Dilsukhnagar to write Zoology paper II.At about 11 am, Ooha finished her paper and handed over the answer script to invigilators, Malakpet inspector A Satyanarayana said. However, while tallying the number of scripts with that of the number of students who appeared for the exam, the invigilators discovered that Ooha's answer paper was missing.The issue was immediately brought to the notice of centre in-charge, who in turn alerted Ooha through her college management.\"After failing to find the missing answer script, both the student and college principal Chandrakala lodged complaints with us,\" the inspector said.While police were about to register a case, BIE officials arrived at the police station and sorted out the matter.\"The BIE officials promised the student to give marks in zoology based on the marks she obtains in other subjects. Ooha agreed for the proposal and no case was booked,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12240863", "title": "Lights, camera, action... change of movie script", "text": "Alappuzha: Following Jagathy Sreekumar's near-fatal accident, directors of movies in which he was starring are getting ready to revise their scripts. The film Thiruvambadi Thamban, with Jayaram in the lead and in which Jagathy plays a key role, was scheduled for Vishu release.\"However, the present script of the film doesn't permit the shooting to be completed without Jagathy. So we are planning to make some changes in the script for releasing the film as per schedule. The changes will be made in the coming days. Otherwise it will create financial problems,\" says director M Padmakumar.Other directors have been a bit more luckier as their movies have neared completion. For them the main task would be to find dubbing artistes. In the movies that require change of script, given Jagathy's stature, experience and what he brings to the table it's of course easier said than done.\"He has two roles equal to that of the hero of my film. We will wait for him,\" says veteran filmmaker Lenin Rajendran. Jagathy plays Ousepachan in Rajendran's upcoming Edavapathy. But one also has to be practical and Rajendran, after a long pause, adds, \"However, we have already kicked off the shooting. So if the situation demands we will try to find another suitable actor for doing his character\".A few others, recalling how both on-screen and in real life Jagathy could laugh away sorrows, expect some kind of miracle. Implausible as it seems, Sandhya Mohan, who's directing Mr Marumakan starring Dileep , is waiting for the doctors treating the actor to give the go-ahead for resuming shooting of the film. \"We will take final decisions on changing the script or finding people to dub for him after getting the opinion of the doctors about his health,\" he says. Venugopan, director of The Reporter tries to put a specific timeframe to Jagathy's comeback. \"At present we hope that Jagathy will be able to dub for his character within one-and-a-half months,\" he states confidently.In The Reporter, Jagathy plays the character of Ravi Pillai, a retired military officer whose son dies while trying to help his friend escape from an accident during a picnic. Though distraught the father soon recovers and learns to live with his loss. Mollywood filmmakers are not sure they can overcome their own loss - even if it is temporary - with the same equanimity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12240126", "title": "State to pay private schools for BPL admissions", "text": "BHOPAL: The school education department is likely to reimburse Rs 2,607 per child to the private schools of the state for admitting the BPL (below poverty line) children under the Right to Education (RTE) Act. Orders in this regard are expected to be released soon, school education department sources informed.The RTE Act came into effect in the state on March 26, 2011. In the last session almost 1.5 lakh students were benefitted.This academic session, around 2.5 lakh students under the BPL category took admissions in the private schools across the state. The number in the state capital was around 10, 000. After the education department reimburses the fees for the last academic session, it would collect information about the number of students admitted in the current session for reimbursement, sources have said.All along, the private school principals were opposed to the BPL children studying in their schools, as they had not been reimbursed the promised amount.Also during the beginning of this year, some of the schools opposed the admissions again.On February 7, TOI had carried a story as to how the private school principals in the capital were unhappy with the education department which was considering reimbursing about Rs 2,500 to 3,000 per child. The schools that were opposed to such low fee reimbursement included Carmel Convent BHEL, DPS, World Way School, and St Joseph's Co-ed School among others.The principals had then also complained that the format of reimbursement for private schools had not been uploaded on the state school education portal.It is learn that about 65% of the amount to be reimbursed to the schools would come from the Centre while the state would pay the remaining 35%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12239197", "title": "India to spread tentacles into Central Asia via Iran", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is making a concerted push into Central Asia by taking charge of a crucial transportation network through Iran into the region and beyond. After getting an enthusiastic thumbs up from 14 stakeholder countries in the region in January, experts from all the countries will meet in New Delhi on March 29 to put final touches to the project known as the International North-South Corridor.The project envisages a multi-modal transportation network that connects ports on India's west coast to Bandar Abbas in Iran, then overland to Bandar Anzali port on the Caspian Sea; thence through Rasht and Astara on the Azerbaijan border onwards to Kazakhstan, and further onwards towards Russia. Once complete, this would connect Europe and Asia in a unique way -- experts estimate the distance could be covered in 25-30 days in what currently takes 45-60 days through the Suez Canal.In the January meeting, Sanjay Singh (secretary east, MEA) and Rahul Khullar (commerce secretary) told Iran that India would take charge of the project, including building the missing sections of the railway and road link in Iran. Thanks to US sanctions on Iran's oil sector, India is finding it difficult to pay for its oil imports with hard currency. One of the best ways of paying for Iranian oil is through infrastructure projects like the corridor, which serves economic and strategic interests of all states concerned.This has been a win-win proposition for India since the North-South Corridor agreement was signed between India, Iran and Russia in September 2000. But over the years, the project fell into disuse. Iran made little attempt to complete construction on its side, expending little political or administrative energy. Neither did Russia or India, which preferred to talk about it but did little to push it. Meanwhile, 11 other countries, including all the Central Asian states, joined up.Several recent developments have changed India's timid approach. First, China has been building an extensive road and railway network through Central Asia, aiming to touch Europe. It's fast, efficient and already on the ground. While this has made Central Asia accessible to China and others, it is worrying these countries no end. Over the past few years, Central Asian states have repeatedly approached India to play the balancing role. Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan actually gave an oil block, Satpaev, to India on strategic considerations.Second, with Pakistan in a state of almost chronic instability, India can never hope to access Central Asia through Pakistan. Its best bet remains Iran. While India will have to reduce oil imports from Iran, building a big-ticket infrastructure corridor is a reaffirmation of its commitment to the relationship.Meena Singh Roy, senior fellow at IDSA, who is closely connected with the project, said, \"The potential of this corridor will be manifold with India, Myanmar and Thailand getting linked by road. This will boost trade between Europe and South East Asia as well.\"The North-South Corridor, which can be described as part of the \"new great game\", is now a battle for \"power, hegemony, profits and resources\", as a senior official put it. Quite apart from opening up new markets for India, the corridor could also be used to transport energy resources to India -- from oil, gas to uranium and other industrial metals.In the forthcoming expert-level meetings in Delhi, Indian officials expect to finalize issues of customs and other commercial infrastructure. India has now agreed to provide all this expertise.Simultaneously, India is eyeing two other transit and transportation networks from Central Asia -- all of them going through Iran. One is a Kazakhstan-Turkmenistan Corridor -- a 677-km railway line connecting these countries with Iran and the Persian Gulf. It will link Uzen in Kazakhstan with Gyzylgaya-Bereket-Etrek in Turkmenistan and end at Gorgan in Iran's Golestan province.The second comes in from Uzbekistan through northern Afghanistan, known as the Northern Distribution Network through which the US and NATO currently route 70% of their supplies for the ISAF forces. But after the US and NATO exit Afghanistan in 2014, India plans to extend this route to link up with the Zaranj-Delaram road that enters Iran.India has been pushing Iran to complete construction of the Chahbahar port, which is crucial for these corridors to work to India's advantage. Iran has been notoriously slow in taking these up but India expects that in its current isolation, Iran could do a rethink.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12242047", "title": "Leopard climbs out of tank through ladder", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The leopard, trapped in the water tank in Lohara forest research centre, escaped successfully on Sunday night. Surveillance of site revealed that the leopard was a sub-adult cub and stepped out of the tank when its mother came for its rescue. The beast , prompted by the presence of its mother leopardess, scaled the wooden ladder put into the tank and ran away into the jungle.Forest authorities were on their toes on Sunday, after the leopard fell into the empty water tank. Their efforts to prompt it to climb out of the 12 feet deep tank with the help of wooden beam and aluminium ladder proved futile. The leopard, which appeared grown up, remained inside making no effort to climb out.Foresters later put a makeshift wooden ladder into the tank in the evening and cleared the area. Camera traps were installed around the tank to keep a watch on the area. Pictures captured in camera trap reveal that the mother leopardess approached the tank at 7.54pm. It stayed around the tank and kept calling for its cub. The mother was captured in the camera trap again at 9.25pm, when it went close to the tank. At 9.33pm, the leopard cub climbed out of the tank through the ladder. Both the mother and cub later went into the jungle.\"Camera trap pictures revealed that it was a sub-adult cub still accompanying its mother. It might have fallen into the tank while attempting to kill a deer on its own. Detached from its mother, it was not responding to our efforts to rescue him. After the mother came looking for it, it climbed out,\" said Chandrapur RFO Abhay Badkelwar.He said that after the cub went away the staffers of forest research centre on Monday fenced the tank with bamboo to avoid such incidents in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12241352", "title": "Defiant lawyers keep off work", "text": "BANGALORE: The new week began with no good news for litigants, many of whom were seen frantically searching for their counsel at the City Civil Court complex on Monday. With lawyers hell-bent on boycotting court proceedings, their plight is only set to worsen. Only a handful of lawyers were seen inside courtrooms, while hundreds stood outside and exhorted their colleagues on a public address system to boycott proceedings.Janakamma, a litigant, said she had a property case pending in a civil court. \"My lawyer wanted me to come. But he is neither here nor available on the phone,\" she said.By 11am, judges were present in their courtrooms and litigants had lined up at one end. Not a single advocate was present in the courtroom of principal city civil and sessions judge RB Budihal, while an occasional lawyer was seen in other courts. Judges were seen adjourning cases after hearing litigants.In some courtrooms, the judges were sitting idle without any cases to handle.Outside, a lawyer told his colleagues that it didn't matter to them that proceedings were going on in the high court and other courts. But it won't be long before they too will join the boycott, he announced. A few hundred metres away from the court stood a contingent of Rapid Action Force, which had arrived from Comibatore, its personnel armed to the teeth. Another 600-strong contingent of Karnataka State Reserve Police and local civil police, too, kept vigil.Additional commissioner of police T Suneel Kumar said protection has been provided for all police stations in the city. \"Our men have been deployed away from the City Civil Court to avoid any confrontation. They were stationed near Mysore Bank Circle and KR Circle,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12239642", "title": "Team Anna to protest killing of IPS officer Narendra Kumar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna will launch a three-day fast in Bhopal from Tuesday to protest against the death of IPS officer Narendra Kumar and demanding a strong law to protect whistleblowers.The activists also asked Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan to immediately pass the Lokayukta bill in the state on the lines of the one enacted in Uttarakhand. \"Indians won't be mute spectators to this political tamasha this time round. Team Anna and thousands of Indians will organize a 3-day fast and protest in Bhopal to pay tribute to Narendra Kumar and demand a stronger law for the whistleblowers,\" a statement said.Targeting lawmakers, Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal said he was waiting to see for how long MPs discussed the killing of the IPS officer allegedly by the mining mafia in Parliament which \"mourned\" the slapping of Union minister Sharad Pawar for two hours.In a tweet, Kejriwal said, \"When Sharad Pawar was slapped, Parliament mourned for two hours. Let's see for how many hours does it discuss Narendra Kumar's death.\"Kumar, a 2009 batch IPS officer, was killed last week in MP allegedly by a member of the mining mafia in the state.\"Team Anna believes that the political parties are deliberately raking up the war of words for two reasons -- to scuttle justice to the family of the braveheart who single-handedly took on the mafia patronized by politicians and keep the much needed stringent whistleblowers protection law as propounded in the Jan Lokpal bill in cold storage,\" the statement said.It said the killing brought to the fore the need for a strong whistleblowers system under the control of Jan Lokpal and Jan Lokayukta. \"If the Jan Lokpal would have been implemented, justice in Kumar's death as sought by his family and the entire nation would not remain elusive like in the case of other deaths of similar nature that have taken place in the past,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12241762", "title": "Majithia to be back in Cabinet", "text": "Rohan Dua &amp; Priya YadavCHANDIGARH: The new cabinet of the SAD-BJP government is set to be a mix of seasoned politicians and fresh, young faces.While Youth Akali Dal president and Sukhbir Badal's brother-in-law Bikram Majithia is likely to be inducted as minister for public relations and Information &amp; Broadcasting (I&B;), chief minister Parkash Singh Badal's son-in-law Adeish Pratap Kairon is set to get excise and taxation. The two important posts of education and finance are likely to go to Tota Singh and Janmeja Singh Sekhon respectively, sources said.While Sikander Singh Maluka is set to get food and civil supplies and Parminder Singh Dhindsa is tipped for PWD, the BJP on Monday decided names of four MLAs for ministerial berths at a meeting in Delhi - Anil Joshi, Chunni Lal Bhagat, Surjit Jiyani and Madan Mohan Mittal, sources told TOI. Navjot Kaur, wife of BJP MP Navjot Singh Sidhu , is likely to be made the chief parliamentary.This has dashed hopes of Manoranjan Kalia, who earlier led the party in the assembly and remained the minister of local bodies and industry for more than three years before he was removed following corruption charges. The representation of BJP leaders in the cabinet is being seen as a mix, representing all the regions in Punjab besides covering all castes. While Anil Joshi, Brahmin MLA from Amritsar represents Majha, Chunni Lal Bhagat, a Dalit weaver likely to get urban development and local bodies portfolio, is from Doaba and Surjit Jiyani is a jat from Malwa.Among the Akalis, sources confirmed that at least four of the five persons who were cabinet ministers in the previous government will be retained. This includes Adesh Pratap Kairon, Parminder Singh Dhindsa, Ajit Singh Kohar, and Janmeja Singh Sekhon.While the new government is likely to have an Akali minister for health, which earlier was with BJP, senior legislators like Sarwan Singh Sanaur and Gulzar Singh Ranike are likely to get ministerial berths. Daljit Singh Cheema, earlier adviser to the CM, and now MLA from Ropar, who is also secretary of the SAD, is on the list of cabinet ministers. Also likely to join is the sports icon, Pargat Singh.Bholath MLA Bibi Jagir Kaur is going to get a ministerial berth, being close to the Badal family, besides being the only woman heavyweight voted to power. Saroop Singla, Surjit Rakra, Tota Singh and Gurbachan Singh Babehali are also likely to find place in the cabinet list.Apart from Navjot Kaur, Pawan Tinu, Sukhbir Badal's favourite from Jalandhar; Manjit Manna, Nand Lal, Sohan Singh Thandal and Manpreet Ilyali are tipped to be the chief parliamentary secretaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244998", "title": "My dream has come true: Susan", "text": "Actress Susan, who shot to fame with her role as the police officer's wife in Mynaa, is excited that her dream of playing a character similar to what Shriya Reddy did in Thimiru has finally materialized. She says, \"I play a vamp in Tharun Gopi's Pechiakka Marumagan. Those who hated my character in Mynaa, will loathe me after seeing me in this film!\" Meanwhile, Susan has signed up to be part of Vetri Maaran's Vada Chennai. \"The film will go on floors in April,\" she informs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12241832", "title": "Lifting of ban on cotton exports a sham, says Modi", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Chief minister Narenda Modi has characterized as \"bluff\" the Centre's move to lift ban on the export of cotton. In a statement issued on Monday, Modi said, \"Gujarat's and India's farmers feel cheated. As against the big promise made by the Government of India, the new notification does not remove the ban on the export of cotton. On the contrary, all those who want to export cotton would have to get themselves registered, opening the floodgates of corruption.\"Modi said, \"The Congress leaders had been claiming a big success by going to Delhi and representing for lifting the ban on the export of cotton. However, the Congress' balloon has been pricked. And this has been done by none other than the Central government. Gujarat's farmers had hoped that they would be saved of a huge loss once the ban was lifted. Now, their hopes have been dashed.\"The CM further said, he had asked the Government of India to remove the ban on the export of cotton in his letter to the Prime Minister. \"At that time also I had pointed towards close ties between certain established interests and certain corrupt elements in power in Delhi, leading to the ban,\" he said, adding, \"Opposition from the state's farmers, marketing yards, ginning mills and others forced the Centre to come up with a facade of lifting the ban.\"The Directorate General of Foreign Trade (DGFT) said in a notification on Monday, \"The Central Government hereby withdraws the notification dated March 5, 2012,\" adding, \"Issue of new RCs (registration certificates) stands suspended until further orders.\" It further said, the RCs issued will have to be revalidated.\"All RCs would need to be submitted to DGFT for scrutiny and revalidation. Exports can be effected only after RCs are revalidated,\" the notification read.On March 5, DGFT, operating under the Union commerce ministry, had imposed the ban. After a meeting a Congress delegation from Gujarat, commerce minister Anand Sharma said that the decision would be rolled back in such a way that interests of farmers, industry and trade were taken care of.Immediately after the ban was imposed by DGFT, agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , apart from Modi, told the Prime Minister that he had reservations about the move.Before the ban was imposed, export contracts of about 120 lakh bales (of 170 kg each) were registered. Of these, 94 lakh bales had already been shipped. Earlier, the Union textile ministry had supported the ban saying it was being imposed \"after taking into account the trend of domestic consumption and depletion of domestic availability.\" It had added, \"Almost 94 lakh bales have shipped out, against an estimated export surplus of 84 lakh bales. It feared the exports could reach 100 lakh bales by mid-March with registration of export contracts touching 120 lakh bales so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12247800", "title": "Ram Gopal Varma owned a video rental shop", "text": "Ram Gopal Varma is a known name today in the Hindi film industry. But he started as a director in the Telugu film industry with the film Siva starring Nagarjuna.Before turning a filmmaker, RGV had always been an ardent lover of films. And perhaps that came from the fact that he owned a video cassette library in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "dehradun/new delhi", "code": "12248326", "title": "Vijay Bahuguna sworn in as Uttarakhand CM amid revolt in Congress", "text": "DEHRADUN/NEW DELHI: Congress MP Vijay Bahuguna was today sworn in as the chief minister of Uttarakhand after the Congress overruled a revolt by another MP Harish Rawat, who is said to have offered to resign from the Union government.65-year-old Bahuguna, son of late Congress leader Hemvati Nandan Bahuguna, was the lone minister to take the oath of office and secrecy at a brief ceremony at the Parade Ground in Dehradun.Governor Margaret Alva administered the oath at the function which was attended by former chief minister ND Tiwari, central Congress observers Ghulam Nabi Azad, Birender Singh, party MP Satpal Maharaj, PCC chief Yashpal Arya, and Bahuguna's sister Rita Bahuguna Joshi.Only 11 out of the 32 Congress MLAs were present besides three independent MLAs -- Mantri Prasad Netani, Harish Durgapal and Dinesh Tanhai -- and Uttarakhand Kranti Dal MLA Pritam Singh Panwar.Prominent Congress leaders Harak Singh Rawat and Indra Hridayesh, who were themselves aspirants for the Chief Minister's post, were conspicuous by their absence as were Harish Rawat's supporters.The Congress, which won 32 seats in the 70-member Assembly, one more than BJP's 31, has managed to get the support of three independents and an equal number of BSP MLAs and that of UKD(K) MLA.But the revolt by Rawat, who is said to have a sizable number of supporters among the MLAs, came as a surprise to the party leadership.Upset over the party decision, Rawat reportedly sent a letter to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi offering to resign. His supporters claimed in the capital that he has resigned but Rawat himself declined to confirm or deny.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12245567", "title": "No plans to bring down UPA govt: Akhilesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party leader and Uttar Pradesh chief minister designate Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday said his party has no plans to bring down the UPA government at the Centre and that his party's support to the Congress-led dispensation will continue.\"...our party's support is there and it will continue ....UP's electorate has given SP the majority to take the state forward on the road to development. The majority has not been given to us to bring down the central government,\" he said.Asked whether it was the right time to go for Lok Sabha elections to help SP increase its tally in Parliament, he said there was \"no need (for it) now. UP's electorate has only given us mandate for the prosperity of the state.\"Amid reports that SP and BSP have not been invited for dinner hosted by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for UPA allies, he said, \"We will go at the Prime Minister's dinner. But who will go is yet to be decided.\"On Orissa chief minister Naveen Patnaik's proposed 'federal front' to protect the interests of states, Akhilesh said it is difficult for him to comment on it at this stage.When asked about his proposed meeting with CPI(M) leader Prakash Karat , he said it is a tradition to meet leaders.\"You saw that I met most of the leaders in Central Hall yesterday as I won't be able to return (to Delhi) as my responsibilities have increased in Lucknow...there are no equations to be formed, it is only a courtesy call. Do not find any political issue in these meetings,\" he said.When asked whether his lack of administrative experience will create hurdles for him as his new role as CM, he said it is true that he lacked experience. \"It will take some time, but my team will help me,\" he said.On the role of party supremo and his father Mulayam Singh Yadav , Akhilesh said the senior Yadav will concentrate on national politics. \"He will also guide us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12241757", "title": "Prabhakaran\u2019s son was killed in cold blood by Lankan forces?", "text": "It is a chilling piece of footage that represents yet another blow for the beleaguered Sri Lankan government in its attempts to head off a critical resolution at the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva this week. The short clip dates from the final hours of the bloody 26-year civil war between the government and the secessionist rebels of the Tamil Tigers , the LTTE.A 12-year-old boy lies on the ground, stripped to the waist and has five neat bullet holes in his chest. His name is Balachandran Prabakaran and he is the son of the LTTE leader, Velupillai Prabhakaran . Beside him lie the bodies of five men, believed to be his bodyguards. There are strips of cloth on the ground indicating that they were tied and blindfolded before they were shot - further evidence suggesting that the government forces had a systematic policy of executing many surrendering or captured LTTE fighters and leading figures, even if they were children.The footage - dating from 18 May 2009 and which seems to have been shot as a grotesque \"trophy video\" by Sri Lankan forces - will be broadcast for the first time on Wednesday night in a Channel 4 film, 'Sri Lanka's Killing Fields: War Crimes Unpunished' - a sequel to the controversial investigation broadcast last year which accused both the LTTE and the government of war crimes and crimes against humanity.Last year, a special panel appointed by the UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon suggested that as many as 40,000 civilians died in the last few weeks of the war. The new evidence of the death of Balachandran will increase pressure on the Sri Lankan government. In addition to the footage of the boy's dead body lying beside his slaughtered bodyguards, Channel 4 has obtained a series of high-resolution stills of the scene. These have been analysed by a respected forensic pathologist, Derrick Pounder, to assess the cause of death. It is possible, he suggests, that the boy may have been made to watch the execution of his bound and blindfolded guards before the gun was turned on him.Pounder believes he has identified the first of the shots to be fired at the boy: \"There is a speckling from propellant tattooing, indicating that the distance of the muzzle of the weapon to this boy's chest was two to three feet or less. He could have reached out with his hand and touched the gun that killed him.\"The High Commission of Sri Lanka rejected what it calls \"malicious allegations\" in the film. It said it had chosen to focus on: \"A number of highly spurious and uncorroborated allegations and seek - entirely falsely - to implicate members of the Lankan government and senior military figures.\"(The Independent)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245465", "title": "All is not well with Ashutosh Kaushik", "text": "Recently MTV Roadies 2 &amp; Bigg Boss 5 winner Ashutosh Kaushik was admitted in Maharaja Agrasen Hospital, Punjabi Bagh, New Delhi.He was suffering from throat and ear infection and swelling in his legs.Ashutosh Kaushik's PR &amp; Business Manager Mr. Deepak Sharma informed TOI that last month Ashutosh was shooting for this upcoming movie project \"Shortcut Romeo\" with Neil Nitin Mukesh in Kenya. During the shooting of this movie he suffered from leg swelling and injury.Ashutosh is currently busy in three Bollywood movies, \" Zilla Gaziabad\" with Sanjay Dutt , Vivek Oberoi and Arshad Warsi , \"Shortcut Romeo\" with Neil Nitin Mukesh &amp; \"Kismat, Love, Paisa, Dilli\" with Vivek Oberoi &amp; Mallika Sherawat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12240434", "title": "House stalled over Jagan case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Opposition parties on Monday stalled Assembly proceedings on their demand that the six ministers who have been served notices by the Supreme Court in the Jaganmohan Reddy illegal assets case be dismissed from the House.An impartial trial in the case is an impossibility unless and until the ministers in question are not sacked, argued the opposition leaders.The issue was raised by Telugu Desam Legislative Party (TDLP) deputy leader Gali Muddukrishnama Naidu soon after the House reconvened following question hour.The leader read out the names of five of the six ministers and asked the chief minister to call for their resignations or dismiss them in the interest of a smooth probe.Turning down the TDP demand that all six ministers must resign, transport minister and PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana accused the party of trying to derive political mileage out of the issue. \"The cabinet is and will be collectively responsible for the decisions taken since 2004. We will neither shy away from any investigation nor will we go to courts to obtain a stay, like the opposition leader had,\" he said.Ashoka Gajapati Raju of TDP urged Kiran Kumar to rise to the occasion and prove himself a capable CM by asking for the resignations of the controversial ministers or straightaway dismissing them.Defending the ministers in question against Raju's allegation of a prima facie case against them, the CM said, \"The apex court did not make any observations or comments against the ministers. It seems they have been served notices in response to a petition. We are yet to get the details. I assure this House that the government is committed to debating and discussing all issues.\"\"The ministers concerned will respond appropriately to court notices and also give explanations in this House and to the people of this state. As of now, the matter is sub judice. We will react after going through the notices,\" Kiran Kumar said. The TDP members surrounded the Speaker's podium and shouted slogans demanding dismissal of the said ministers which prompted the chair to adjourn the House at 12.04 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12239864", "title": "HC summons chief secretary in Ramgarh case", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government received yet another rap from the Rajasthan High Court for its apparent 'casual approach' in reviving the city's lifeline for drinking water, the Ramgarh Dam, on Monday.So displeased the court was with the government's attitude in following its directions regarding removal of encroachments from the dam's catchment area that it directed the chief secretary and nearly half-a-dozen principal secretaries to be present before it on Tuesday for hearing of the matter again.When the case came up before Justice M N Bhandari on Monday, the state government submitted a sealed envelope on what action it took so far in pursuance of the Supreme Court directions in the case of Abdul Rehman with regard to restoring the country's water bodies.In the Rehman case in 2004, the apex court had directed the Rajasthan government to restore all its natural water bodies to their statuses as existed on August 15, 1947 when the country gained Independence. From the initial hearings of the Ramgarh Dam's matter, the high court had been asking it to restore the dam to its 1947 status and also tell what action it had taken in compliance of the Supreme Court judgment.As the state government earlier expressed its inability in restoring the dam to its pre-1947 status, Justice Bhandari allowed the officials to decide a cut off year to which the water body could be restored. Subsequently, the government informed court that it can restore the dam to its 1961 status. As such, all land allotments made after 1961 in violation of Section 16 of the Rajasthan Tenancy Act, 1955, which prohibits allotment of land in the bed of water bodies to private parties, were to be cancelled.However, the state government changed its stand on Monday and informed it that restoring the dam to 1961 status was not feasible and that it could bring back the water body to its 2004 status only. Justice Bhandari took a serious view of the government's approach and verbally commented that the officials appeared causal in reviving the dam situated near Jamwaramgarh village.The court was informed on Monday that the decision to reschedule the cut off year from 1961 to 2004 was taken at a meeting held on February 16 which was presided over by the chief secretary. The court, therefore, decided to summon the chief secretary and all the senior government officials who were present in the meeting. Principal secretaries of the forests, mines, irrigation, revenue and law departments as well as the Jaipur collector and the Jaipur Development Authority's commissioner were also present in this meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240833", "title": "State scanning Naxalite activities: RR", "text": "PUNE: State home minister R R Patil said here on Monday that intelligence activity was being beefed up across the state to monitor suspected Naxalite movements. He also expressed the need for a special board that would undertake recruitment of police personnel and provide employment opportunities in Naxalite areas as well as deprived areas in the state.Patil was speaking at a function organised by the Pune Union of Working Journalists ( PUWJ) to discuss the issues of naxal-affected Gadchiroli district.He said, \"Some suspected naxals were recently arrested in Dombivli, while some were nabbed in Chakan on the basis of intelligence inputs. The suspects, who had come from West Bengal, were living here as labourers and they might have had a plan to spread their activities here. Our intelligence network is trying to find out whether they were in any way linked to the naxalites in the state.\"Patil said that taking note of such recent incidents, the government has initiated steps to take a firm stand against naxal movement. Additional intelligence network has been deployed in areas and cities vulnerable to naxal activities. A close watch is being kept on suspicious movements. Also, identities of suspected people are being checked by the local police. Such instructions have already been issued to the police personnel in the areas concerned.The home minister said that police action was not the only solution to the Naxalite problem. Eradication of poverty and increase in employment and educational opportunities could play a vital role in addressing the issue. The government also needs to initiate steps to have increased communication with local people and make efforts to address their problems.Patil said, \"The government has failed to provide good infrastructure in Gadchiroli. I personally feel that there should be a special board for such deprived areas that will undertake recruitment of police personnel and provide employment opportunities to local citizens. Such a step would encourage the local people to fight against poverty and thereby prevent youths from getting involved in Naxalite activities\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12247909", "title": "Subex bags Idea Cellular deal for fraud management", "text": "BANGALORE: IT services provider Subex said it has bagged Rs 5 crore contract from Idea Cellular for providing fraud management solution through managed services.\"This is a fully outsourced managed services deal (worth a million dollar) where Subex will be running the operator's entire fraud management operations,\" the Bangalore-based company said in a statement.Idea Cellular is the third-largest mobile services operator in India, in revenue terms, with over 100 million subscribers.\"We are seeing increased traction for our managed services offering as operators are looking to reduce their Opex and improve their services to customers,\" Sudeesh Yezhuvath, Chief Operating Officer at Subex said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12240326", "title": "'Miscalculations' led to Congress defeat: Shirodkar", "text": "PANAJI: President of the Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) Subhash Shirodkar said issues like family raj, medium of instruction, Regional Plan 2021 and corruption led to the Congress' poor show at the March 3 assembly election.To a question from the media, he said he would definitely not recommend giving tickets to family members in the future. \"I will put my point across to the high command,\" he added.He also admitted to some \"miscalculations\" in some constituencies and mentioned Bicholim-where the party gave a ticket to former BJP legislator Rajesh Patnekar instead of Naresh Sawal who eventually won-Mayem and Fatorda.In Mayem, he felt that Pravin Zantye would have won while in Fatorda, Shirodkar said the ticket should have been given to Vijay Sardesai. The Congress rebel won as an independent.The GPCC chief also said that there were miscalculations on two accounts-tickets to youth and Muslim candidates.Admitting the failure of the organization to bring the party back to power, Shirodkar said that the party would be revamped.Asked whether he would continue to be the party president, he said the high command will take the decision soon. \"I am going to Delhi on Thursday to meet the high command over the defeat of the Congress.\"Former chief minister Digambar Kamat said that his government had brought about several good schemes for the welfare of the people but the government had failed to reach out to the masses.He said more time and energy went into countering the attack of the BJP on family raj and other issues. He said the good work done by the government was not projected well.Accepting the people's verdict, Kamat said the Congress would be a constructive opposition to the BJP government.Replying to queries, Shirodkar said that the Congress has many leaders and some of them projected themselves and their family members and everyone thought there was no alternative to them in the respective constituencies. He said till the end, no one had thought for certain that the BJP would win 21 seats on its own, but it did.To a question about the BJP succeeding in its strategy of wooing Catholics, Shirodkar said that there was a shift of around 5 to 10% of Catholic votes away from the Congress. He said the impact appeared more because the BJP gave six tickets to Catholics.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "12242207", "title": "Anti-dowry drive in Gumla", "text": "GUMLA: An anti-dowry campaign has been started by the social welfare department here that intends to create awareness against this social ill.A dowry abolition rath and a team of artists are engaged in the campaign besides apprising the people of provisions of the Dowry (Prohibition) Act and Amended Act, 1984, and 1986, respectively in the district .District social welfare officer N S Kuntia said in order to create awareness among the people against the practice of dowry at the time of marriage the campaign is being carried out at haats and bazaars besides public places. The campaign will continue for a week.A team of artists of Mayuri Yuva Club are staging street shows to create awareness against the prevailing practice. Its secretary Chaitali Sengupta said handbills containing meaning of dowry, its legal aspects and various punishments under the Dowry (Prohibition) Act are also being distributed among the people during the street shows and wherever the rath moves.After a long gap, the social welfare department has woken up to create consciousness about dowry system, said a panchayat representative. DDC Punai Oraon, who flagged off the rath, said there was need for a sensible understanding about the dowry system which has been a curse for families, especially the poor.Palamu criminal held near Ramgarh: Police on Sunday arrested Sujit Kumar, one of the most wanted criminals of Redma in Palamu district against whom 32 cases were pending, from a place near Barkakana railway station.\"The miscreant was arrested with a car, Rs 15,000, pistol, cartridges and a cell phone,\" said Ramgarh SP Anish Gupta. He said the criminal was held by a team of police officers after being informed about his presence at Barkakana.\"At least 32 cases have been lodged against him with different police stations of Palamu division,\" said the SP adding that he was involved in a number of cases of murder including a builder in Ranchi. Sujit had escaped from police custody while he was being shifted to Dumka from Garhwa jail in December 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12242450", "title": "Varsity's rush-rush helpline of no help", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University's hasty attempt to offer \"free\" service to guide aspirants seeking admission in the 2012-2013 academic session in over 85 departments and centres has fallen flat.Introduced for the first time, all three tollfree numbers flashed on their website for those seeking any information are not working. Each time these numbers are dialled the line is either busy or there is an automatic response saying \"this number doesn't exit\".\"The helpline has not been properly implemented. The tollfree numbers do not work at all. Sadly, even at the manual inquiry counters the staff hardly has information of all departments. They do not have any knowledge of eligibility criteria, among other things, for which students come from far off places since the numbers do not work,\" said Sumit Goklaney, a representative of Panjab University Students' Union (PUSU).\"The helpline system has several follies and there is still time for PU to correct the same. A few days from now the campus would be flooded with queries. The student council is writing to the VC to get the numbers rectified,\" said Pushpinder Sharma, president of the Panjab University Campus Students Council (PUCSC).Despite introduction of the tollfree numbers for the first time, this however, is not the first time such problems are being encountered for enquiry related to PU departments and admissions.Last year, in a similar situation, on receiving complaints from students, PU vice-chancellorR C Sobti paid a surprise visit with his staff to the inquiry counter to check the functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12242113", "title": "Child rights activists demand CBI probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Disappointed with the pace of the probe into alleged cases of sexual abuse at Arya Anathalaya, affected families, city residents and NGOs protested at Jantar Mantar and demanded a CBI inquiry on Monday.Members of about two dozen NGOs, including Udayan Care, Haq: Centre for Child Rights, Aangan, Shakti Vahini, among others, demanded justice for the 11-year-old girl who died last December as well as for the other children.Dissatisfied with the response of the authorities, former chairperson of Child Welfare Committee, Dr Bharti Sharma, said: \"The government has taken no action till now. A committee has been formed but what is it doing? We want a CBI probe into the case\".Other than a CBI probe, the protestors also demanded immediate dissolution of the orphanage management , dismissal of the accused staff, protection for the victims and setting up of an alternative management committee. The protesters plan to submit a memorandum of their demands to the LG and the ministry of home affairs.Reacting to the protest, president of the orphanage's managing committee Viresh Pratap Chaudhry said the dharna was uncalled for. In a press statement, Chaudhary said, \"When a PIL is pending on the subject, an administrator has been appointed by the lieutenant governor to oversee the functioning and management of two institutions in Pataudi House (Daryaganj), and the work of administrator is being monitored by Delhi High Court, a dharna to demand further action and even a CBI inquiry is a gross abuse of the process of honourable high court.\"Last week, HC had asked the government if media pressure led to the setting up of the probe panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244230", "title": "Sizzling Sunday with David Guetta", "text": "What better way to enjoy a Sunday than head to a David Guetta performance?The evening at Palace Grounds was abuzz with energy as music lovers marched toward the venue.Youngsters were seen wearing interesting head-gear and were armed with neon light accessories that added more colour to the evening.When the DJ played some popular numbers like Sweat, Give Me Everything Tonight, When Love Takes Over - the crowd crooned along making it a karaoke night without the prompts.Actor Sanjjanaa who was present at the concert with her gang of friends and her sister seemed to be enjoying the performance thoroughly.We spotted Swati Ramanathan, Mahendra Nahar, Amit, Natasha, Abbas having a great time. We also spotted DJs Ivan, Rohit Barker at this do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12241679", "title": "Locals damage BRTS bus after accident", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A BRTS bus was stoned and ransacked by shopkeepers near Anjali crossroads after a youth was hit by the vehicle on Monday afternoon. According to Ellisbridge police officials, a private bus operator associated with BRTS has filed a complaint against a mob of 20 for the damage.A bus on RTO-Chandranagar route was passing by the Anjali crossroads at 1.30 pm on Monday when the mishap occured. As the bus neared the crossroads, Ashok Vaghela, 20, a Vasna resident, was passing from the circle on his bicycle. He stopped his bicycle to allow the bus to pass. At that time, the bus took a turn and ran over his leg. The man cried in pain and collapsed. Passersby who rushed to his aid also forced the bus to stop.\"Fearing mob fury, the BRTS driver fled the spot and went directly to the Ellisbridge police station and turned himself in. A team of police officials then accompanied him on the spot and got the bus by the roadside so that the corridor could be cleared for other buses to pass. The police team left after an hour after which local shopkeepers allegedly broke windows of the bus and also damaged its interiors. Though the bus operators suspected involvement of a couple of shop owners, they refrained from giving names,\" said an eye-witness.When contacted, the police investigators said that they have arranged for an identification parade on Tuesday. According to police, the exercise will help them identify the offenders who had vandalized the bus. Meanwhile, the bicycle rider has been admitted to the VS Hospital for treatment. He has not registered a complaint so far, said investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12241714", "title": "Village on Kollidam rises against sand quarrying", "text": "TRICHY: Residents of Anbil, a village near Lagudi in Trichy, complained to the district collector on Monday that heavy vehicles transporting sand from Kollidam continued to destroy the river bank to accommodate vehicles to reach the river bed. This was despite the assurance given by the district administration on March 7 that such activities would be prevented.Ever since the revenue department and contractors gave the green signal for heavy vehicles to transport sand from the quarry in Anbil near Lalgudi in Trichy through a state highway, it has caused danger to the lives of many and also unwanted delay in crossing the stretch for about 25 km from Tollgate to Anbil.On Monday, a group of residents from Anbil petitioned the district collector Jayashree Muralidharan alleging that the contractors of the sand quarry had indulged in demolition of a portion of the bank of Kollidam river to make a path for the heavy vehicles to enter into the river without using the state highway. The contractors had taken the decision in wake of a road blockade in Anbil on March 7 by the residents and the Communist Party of India (CPI) to prevent these vehicles from quarrying sand in line with the agreement made in a peace committee between the Lalgudi tahsildar and the public representatives on March 2.In their petition, they further stated that the demolition of the bank will cause danger to the residential areas when the Kollidam river is in spate during rainy season. They recalled two incidents in which the flood water entered into the residential areas and caused huge loss and insisted upon the collector to stop the move.When TOI contacted S Saravanan alias Boopathi the manager at the sand quarrying unit, he said that PWD officials had decided to lay a road on the bank of the river for about 25 km from Tollgate to the quarry. So, the preliminary works have been started few days ago. However, he denied the charge that the river bank had been demolished.Further, he said that the PWD officials had lodged a complaint with the Lalgudi police against some youth of Anbil area as they assaulted the workers who were involved in cleaning the bank to lay a road on March 10.Commenting on the issue, T Indrajith, district secretary of CPI, said that the government officials who were reluctant to solve the grievance of the public, now acted swiftly to facilitate the contractors by laying the road on the bank of the river unmindful of the risk factors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12242392", "title": "A tablet for a smarter you", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Good things come in small packagesa?\u00a6. This phrase holds true when we talk about sophisticated tablets, which have bombarded the market these days. The latest entrant in this series is Apples new i-pad, which was recently launched in the US market.Earlier, i-pad was considered as an obvious second name for tablets when Apple had launched them in early 2010, when there was no major competitor to it. However, these days many other big names, with various user-friendly variants and competitive prices, have flooded the market.Consumers have countless options to choose from and these tablets range between Rs 2,000 to 50,000.Earlier, I had an impression that tablets are very complicated. I almost thought learning them would be rocket science! But this perception proved wrong once I purchased my own i-pad last year. This is a trouble-free device and comes with countless interesting features, said Mayur Aggarwal, a bank executive in Sector 9.Tanushree Mehta, a resident of Sector 30, said, Its just like your best friend who teaches you something every minute of your life. One just needs to be inquisitive. Earlier, models were quite cumbersome to use so they were not in much demand, but second half of 2011, had seen the advent of many easy to use devices in the market.Tablets market, in India saw a new revolution when in October 2011, when around $35 Aakash, an Android-based tablet, was introduced here. Aakash. This machine saw a phenomenal response. It was designed and developed by various institutions including Indian institute of Technology , Rajasthan, and a UK-based company Data Wind Limited.Many optionsApple i-Pad 2: This fast machine is priced between the range of Rs 25,000 to Rs 50,000, depending upon its storage capacity, which is between 16 GB to 64 GB. It has a display screen of 9.7 inch and a processor of 1 GH. There is a RAM of 256 MB and operating system is Apple IOS 4. Connectivity can be made through 3G, wi-fi, bluetooth and USB.New Apple i-pad: Facing a stiff competition from different brands, Apple has recently launched its new i-pad, which is equipped with faster processor. It boasts of better screen quality and many new features. Though its online booking is open, but Indian customers have to wait for sometime before this product hits the stores here.Aakash: With a 7 inch screen, this is an Android-based tablet and supports various document formats like PDF DOC, DOCX, PPT, PPTX, XLS and XLSX. It supports connectivity and networking through GPRS and wi-fi. There is an in-built 2 GB memory that can be expanded to 32 GB. There is an audio library software to help manage a big collection of songs. Its priced at $35 for students.BSNL Penta T-pad IS 701R: It is all set to give a stiff competition to much-hyped Aakash. There is a resistive 7 inch display screen with Android 2.3 operating system. This small machine comes with a processor of 1 GHZ and RAM of 256 MB. The storage would be up to 2 GB and there would be a camera of 0.3 MP. There are three variants, between Rs 3,250 to Rs 13,500.Blackberry Playbook: It has 1 GH processor with a RAM of 1 GB. The operating system is Blackberry tablet OS and has a storage capacity of upto 16 GB. Its very competitively priced in the market.Sony tablet S: The display is 9.5 inch screen (1280 X 800). The operating system is Android 3.2 and the connectivity can be made through wi-fi, bluetooth, USB and DLNA. There is a front camera of 0.3 MP and a rear camera of 5 MP. The storage capacity is 16 GB, with a processor of 1 GH and RAM of 1 GB.Lenovo Thinkpad tablet: It comes with a 10 inch display with 1 GH processor and 1 GB RAM. The operating system is Android 3.1 and connectivity can be made through wi-fi, bluetooth, USB or HDMI. The storage capacity is 16 GB. The front camera is 2 MP and back camera is 5 MP. This device boasts of a battery back-up of more than eight hours.Samsung Galaxy Tab 680: With user-friendly applications, Samsung Galaxy Tab is considered to be the main competition to Apples i-pad. It has a display of 7.7 inch, with a processor of 1.4 GHZ and RAM of 1 GB. There is an operating system of Android 3.2. Storage capacity is 16 GN and front camera is 3 MP.Acer Iconia Tab A 501: This machine comes with a long battery life and has a display of 10 inch. The processor is 1 GH and RAM is 1 GB. It has an operating system of Android 3.0 and storage capacity is 16 GB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12247881", "title": "D. Ramanaidu features in the Guinness Book of Records", "text": "The name of prolific Telugu producer D. Ramanaidu features in the Guinness Book of Records . The filmmaker has made a record of sorts with producing more than 130 films.D Ramanaidu has produced films in different languages including Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam, Kannada, Hindi and Bengali. In 2010, he was even honoured with the Dadasaheb Phalke Award for his contribution towards Indian cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245809", "title": "Kahaani collects around Rs 14 crores", "text": "Vidya Balan's 'Kahaani' collects around Rs 14 crores in its opening weekend which is a decent figure for a moderate budget film.From being called the next lady Aamir Khan to the actress with the Midas touch, Vidya Balan is getting recognition for all the right reasons. Evidently so because whatever she touches is turning into gold. Be it Ishqiya, The Dirty Picture , No One Killed Jessica and now Kahaani . However you can not just simply tag her as lucky. She has chosen to take risk with working on unconventional subjects and has emerged successful every time with her impressive performances.Kahaani held promise not only for Vidya Balan but for its interesting story and an impressive climax. Releasing the film on Thursday in paid previews proved to be a smart decision for the film. Usually suspense flicks refrain from having paid previews for the fear that the suspense would be leaked out pretty early. However the risk paid off for Kahaani and the film only gained a very strong and positive word or mouth. Thereby the business picked up tremendously over the weekend, showing a steady growth. First weekend collection is estimated at around Rs 14 crores which is very good for a moderate budget film without a customary male lead! Additionally one can expect Kahaani to be a major contender in next year's film award functions.The second release Chaar Din Ki Chandni proved that Tusshar Kapoor still fails to draw audiences as the solo hero of any film. The film collected around Rs 3.5 crores in its opening weekend (business was better in North territories) which isn't saying much. After the success of Yamla Pagla Deewana , this is a major setback for director Samir Karnik.Meanwhile Irrfan Khan's Paan Singh Tomar continued to gain decent audience in its second week thanks to the positive buzz surrounding it. Business of around Rs 2.5 crores in the second weekend is remarkable.The coming week seems to be a week of long-delayed and less-known releases. Mithun Chakravarthy-Ranjeeta's Zindagi Tere Naam will hit theatres after a delay of almost 4 years. Rajshree Ojha's Chaurahen is delayed even more by almost half a decade. (Her other directorial venture Aisha released before this). Say Yes To Love was supposed to release some weeks ago. The only new release is Akkad Bakkad Bambe Bo starring Mukesh Khanna with a group of children. None from the lineup seems hot proposition at the box-office. Perhaps this is lull before the storm - with Saif Ali Khan's Agent Vinod releasing next week.Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: KahaaniPosition: 1Director: Sujoy GhoshCast: Vidya Balan, Parambrata Chattopadhyay, Nawazuddin SiddiquiUpside: Good story, smart suspense, fascinating performances, brilliant climax, technically proficientDownside: Practically nothingRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: Paid previews worked well on Thursday evening (Holi holiday) and with unanimous positive word of mouth, the film picked up tremendously over the weekend with the business showing a steady growth. First weekend collection is estimated at around Rs 14 crores. Very good for a moderate budget film without a customary male lead!Film: Paan Singh TomarPosition: 2Director: Tigmanshu DhuliaCast: Irrfan Khan, Mahie GillUpside: Irrfan Khan brilliant performance and an interesting premiseDownside: Falls slack towards the endRunning Week: 2Trade Comments: The film gained decent audience in its second week thanks to the positive buzz surrounding it. Business of around Rs 2.5 crores in the second weekend is remarkable.Film: Chaar Din Ki ChandniPosition: 3Director: Samir KarnikCast: Tusshar Kapoor, Kulraj Randhawa, Anupam Kher, Om PuriUpside: Lighthearted fun, decent performances by character actorsDownside: Humour could have been better, conventional plot, dull musicRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: Tusshar Kapoor as the solo hero still fails to draw audiences. The film collected around Rs 3.5 crores in its opening weekend (business was better in North territories) which isn't saying much.Film: London Paris New YorkPosition: 4Director: Anu MenonCast: Ali Zafar, Aditi Rao HydariUpside: Good chemistry between Ali Zafar and Aditi Rao Hydari, fresh perspective on new-age romanceDownside: Shallow story, slow paceRunning Week: 2Trade Comments: Business dropped in its second weekend. Average.Film: Tere Naal Love Ho GayaPosition: 5Director: Mandeep KumarCast: Genelia D'Souza, Riteish DeshmukhUpside: Genelia D'Souza's lively act, Riteish-Genelia chemistry, good humour, no melodramaDownside: Conventional and predictable to an extentRunning Week: 3Box-Office Verdict: Above Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12242153", "title": "'Increase allocation, improve public health care'", "text": "NAGPUR: The small percentage of budgetary allocation towards health sector in the country is a worrying phenomenon for the medical fraternity. Not only do they want this allotment to be raised, but they also expect this year's union budget to address some pressing issues in the field.\"Investment on health is always positive. Any expenditure towards this end gives rich dividends in the long run. Even as USA and UK spend around 18 and 16% of their GDP on health, we have not even touched 3%,\" said Dr Prakash Wakode, dean of Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH). He also wished the government would create good hospitals in inaccessible areas. Looking at the high incidence of cancer , he feels there should be more radiotherapy units in the country.Wakode's counterpart from the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Dr Rajaram Powar, also agreed saying the low spending on health shows that it is not a big priority for the government. \"The prices of medicines, equipment and instruments have gone up tremendously over the years. People have much expectation from government hospitals which can't be fulfilled in the absence of financial aid,\" he said.Maharashtra Medical Council president Dr Kishor Taori is more optimistic. \"The Rajiv Gandhi Lifesaving Health Scheme, that would be launched soon, would fill all lacunae in public health. Its implementation and monitoring, though, should be done well,\" he said. He added that at least 4-5% of the GDP should be spent on health.\"Both National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) and Urban Rural Health Mission (URHM) have some good provisions but their implementation is not good because of non-availability of manpower,\" said Dr Uday Bodhankar, general secretary of the Commonwealth Association for Health and Disability. \"Even countries like Sri Lanka and Bangladesh have better public health provisions than us. If the government can provide for preventive, curative and care of all patients, they could make it a people friendly budget,\" he said.Dr Milind Ganvir, NMC's deputy director of health, wanted more investment on family planning schemes as well as spreading awareness about abuse of alcohol and tobacco products. State president of the Indian Medical Association (IMA) Dr Milind Naik wished for a reduced import duty on medical equipment, as most of this is bought from foreign countries.\"Like for children, there must be a universal immunization programme for the senior citizens as well. The benefits accorded to the elderly should be made par with the ones given to BPL card holders,\" said Dr Sanjay Bajaj, secretary of Geriatric Society of India. He also wished for a direct observation therapy programme for bed-ridden senior citizens. He welcomed the positive steps like better provisions for disabled population and increasing the spending limit on health in the 12{+t}{+h} five year plan.Dr Ashok Lanjewar, president of the NGO Aakrosh, believes that doctors in public hospitals, especially in the rural areas, are not paid well and wished for it to change. \"There is much corruption in the purchase policies of the health department. This could be done away with if the process is made transparent by means of decentralization,\" he said.Dr Ashok Laddhad, member of central working committee of national IMA, agreed, saying that more spending power should be given to administrators of public hospitals who can't even purchase what they need without avoiding diplomatic hassles. \"Another important issue is that of no price control in the drug market. There must be strict vigilance on pricing of medicines, especially the ones for hypertension, diabetes , kidney diseases that need to be taken for long-term,\" he said.Wish List* Increase in percentage of GDP spent on health* Providing health care in inaccessible areas* Better implementation and monitoring of various schemes floated by the government* Improving the basic infrastructure including human resources* Introduction of a universal immunization programme and home visits for senior citizens* Purchase policies be made transparent by decentralization of the procedure* Vigilant price control in the drug market", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12241588", "title": "Over 80 huts gutted in Patna blaze", "text": "PATNA: Property worth thousands of rupees was gutted when a major fire broke out in over 80 huts close to Bihar Veterinary College under Airport police station in the state capital on Monday afternoon.Fire first broke out in a hut while food was being prepared. The flames soon spread to other huts with flames leaping high. Though the locals tried to douse the flames on their own, they failed. Three gas cylinders also exploded in the fire. The window and a door of the second floor of one of the buildings of Bihar Veterinary College also caught fire as the burning huts were situated very close to the building.On getting information, five fire tenders reached the spot and tried to douse the flames. The firemen had a tough time in controlling the situation. Soon more fire tenders from Patna Airport and Patna Fire Station reached there. It took altogether 15 fire tenders to douse the flames. On getting information, Phulwarisharif SDPO R K Dubey and ADM Maqsood Alam reached the spot to assess the situation.Dubey said that there was no human casualty in the fire. The victims would get compensation as per the rules, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12242117", "title": "More services on Andheri-Virar stretch by month end", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway commuters on the stretch between Andheri and Virar can expect a smoother travel by the end of this month. Of the 30 suburban services scheduled to be introduced on WR by March 31, a large chunk will be between these two destinations.In the 2011-12 railway budget, then railway minister Mamata Banerjeee had announced at least 47 services would be introduced in the Mumbai suburban sector this fiscal. While CR has already fulfilled its quota, introducing as many as 19 services, WR has to meet the target before the financial year ends on March 31.A senior WR official said, \"Commuter traffic at stations between these two destinations has increased phenomenally over the past several years as many townships and commercial establishments have sprung up in these parts of Mumbai thanks to lower property rates and rentals compared to South Mumbai.\"Highlighting this trend, TOI had reported in May 2011 that WR had more first-class pass holders in the extended suburbs in 2010-11 than ever before, a shift perhaps reflective of the city's changing real estate realities. Stations like Virar, Bhayander, Naigaon and Nallasopara registered a 16.69% increase, 10.29%, 19.31% and 25 % increase in first-class commuters respectively in 2010-11 over the previous year.\"The introduction of these services on WR was delayed by various factors including shortage of rakes and conversion of traction from 1500V direct current to 25000V alternate current. The conversion will speed up trains, paving the way for squeezing in more services,\" the official said.The official added, \"When the Metro is commissioned, the number of commuters at Andheri will further increase. We expect it to coincide with the decrease in traffic beyond Andheri as many will not prefer to travel all the way to Dadar to change trains to travel to the eastern suburbs.\"WR officials however declined to give details like the number of fast and slow trains or whether it planned to introduce more ladies specials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12241725", "title": "CPI urges end to illegal sand mining", "text": "MADURAI: CPI leader R Nallakannu on Monday visited Mittatharkulam village and interacted with the villagers.Addressing media persons after his visit, Nallakannu urged the state government to put an end to illegal sand mining in Nambiyaru river bed. \"We urge the government to take immediate measures to stop illegal sand mining and also seek a compensation of Rs 10 lakh for the family of the deceased youth,\" he said.Addressing a demonstration later in the evening at Valliyoor, Nallakannu flayed the officials who are hand in glove with the sand mafia. \"The AIADMK party passed a resolution during the recent assembly meeting against sand mining stating that it has affected the joint drinking water projects. However, the party's very own functionaries are involved in illegal sand mining and officials in the AIADMK regime are helping the culprits,\" he charged.He warned the officials not to take the sand mafia lightly for it can claim their very lives later, when it grows beyond proportions. \"Look what happened in Madhya Pradesh and how an IPS officer was killed when he prevented the illegal mining activities. If you allow the culprits to become rich, you will become their slaves and face the same fate like that of the IPS officer in MP,\" Nallakannu warned.The CPI leader also urged the villagers to stand united against illegal sand mining. \"The government should put an end to this illegal sand mining business and protect the state's natural resources,\" he mentioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12240007", "title": "Private school principals' meet", "text": "BHOPAL: A meeting of all principals of private schools of Bhopal division will be held on March 15.Issues like the Right to Education (RTE) Act, books printed by private publishers, note book and books' covers among others would be discussed.Around 100 Central Board of Secondary Education school principals from five districts would be taking part in the meeting.Bhopal has around 65 CBSE schools.Public instructions joint director DS Kushwaha will convene the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241609", "title": "Fined once for frivolous case, but advocate targets CJI again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Within 10 days of being slapped with a fine of Rs 50,000 by the Supreme Court for filing a \"frivolous\" petition alleging conflict of interest against Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia in the Vodafone case, advocate M L Sharma on Monday again raised the same charges against the CJI in another case relating to Tata Industries Ltd.Sharma, in his application filed in the case Tata Industries Ltd vs deputy director of income tax (international taxation), which is being heard by a bench headed by Justice Kapadia, said the CJI's son-in-law was working with Taj Hotel of Indian Hotels Company Ltd belonging to the Tata group.Seeking fresh hearing of the Tata case before another bench, the advocate said he had on February 27 written a letter to the CJI mentioning about his family members working with the Tata group \"with a prayer to disclose his conflict of interest\" and recuse himself from the proceedings.This letter was noticed by the Supreme Court Registry in its office report dated February 28 and placed it before a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai along with Sharma's writ petition No. 71 of 2012, which had alleged conflict of interest relating to the Vodafone case.The office report said, \"It is again submitted that as directed by Registrar (J-I) &amp; (J-II) a copy of the letter dated February 27, 2012 received from Manohar Lal Sharma addressed to Hon'ble CJI is enclosed herewith. Mr Jehangir Press is son-in-law of Hon'ble CJI who is working with Taj Hotel, run by Indian Hotels Company Ltd. It is submitted for the information of the Hon'ble Court that Hon'ble CJI has not been taking the matters of Indian Hotels Company Ltd since May 2007.\"After taking into account this report and hearing Sharma, the bench of Justices Alam and Desai had on March 2, 2012 dismissed his writ petition relating to the Vodafone case. It said, \"In our view, the petition is not only frivolous, it is highly irresponsible and scandalous. It is accordingly dismissed with costs amounting to Rs 50,000. The cost will be payable to the Supreme Court Employees Mutual Welfare Fund. A receipt showing payment of the cost must be filed within one month from today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12242432", "title": "Malls, infotech parks &amp; MNCs may soon be levied higher property tax", "text": "CHENNAI: Mayor Saidai S Duraisamy presented his first budget on Monday without hiking property tax rates but hinted that commercial space such as buildings housing multinational firms and IT companies may have to pay more from the next financial year. Presently, there are different tax slabs for commercial and residential properties and a separate slab for hotels, theatres, private hospitals and marriage halls. Malls, offices of multinational companies and IT parks may be included in this category later. According to revenue department officials, the 175 sq km area of the old limits of the corporation has 12,417 private companies. Officials said many shopping malls, multinational companies and IT parks have been categorized as ordinary commercial buildings. \"Some of these companies' profit margins are higher than theatres and hotels, but they are not part of the special category,\" said a revenue officer. The amendment in taxation may soon change that. However, National Association of Software and Services Companies regional director K Purushothaman said, \"Higher taxes should not be imposed only on IT industries as they are generating huge job opportunities. They should also be considered on a par with other industries.\" The corporation is also planning to survey residential buildings to find those which are being used for commercial purposes. \"Many property owners are misusing the rebate of 25% guaranteed by the Chennai City Municipal Corporation Act, 1919, for owner-occupied buildings,\" an official said. \"Tax assessors are made to believe that the tenants are relatives of the owner and the dwelling units are not rented out,\" the officers said. The corporation which has not hiked property tax since 1998, is hoping to mobilise more revenue through these measures. Statistics show the 2012-13 budget of the Greater Chennai Corporation at just 2,922 crore is much lower that that of other metros and some state capitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12240866", "title": "We want more power to Rule 49-O", "text": "Dear Chief Election Commissioner,Congratulations for orchestrating a record 82% voting turnout. Your boys did good.I have been working pretty closely with your offices these last three months, making our interaction necessary, if not inevitable. While I have had moments of frustration-a few babus and coming-late-to-office bai making you wait endlessly-you (and some of your officers) have displayed exemplary commitment to your jobs, with a touch of gentleman courtesy. More so, for the superb coordination in decimating information, cracking the whip on politico pockets, cash and alcohol bribes, keeping their henchmen in check and bringing accountability to the sanctity of elections. Really good job, do pat yourself on the back.But-and this is a blunt question-why did you keep Goa's electorate in the dark about Rule 49-0, empowering voters to reject candidates he has no faith in? Yes, in the same fervour as your successful awareness campaigns which were all over the media speaking about 'Poll day is not a holiday'? That worked, didn't it? Me and my team scripted the EC radio campaign used all over radio stations in Goa, so we know. I called your officer to ask why Rule 49-O was not made public in the same fervour as the right to vote, but his answer was unsatisfactory.Isn't it the Constitutional right of the voter to be informed of all his electoral rights, without fear, prejudice or discrimination?Yes, the India Against Corruption ( IAC) team took this option to the general public. So questions were being asked. But perhaps a little too late?Rule 49-0 is a powerful 'weapon' whose success was comprised this election. Voters informed about voting for bad candidates on account of a lack of option, or fear of exposure and vulnerability, when they have wanted to send some of their candidates packing home to their poppas. Of course, we now know who went crying home to their poppas. But voters have also sat home refusing to vote for bad candidates, refusing to be victimised for exercising 49-O, (and perhaps we lost a 100% voting turnout?) because, you offer no protection of the secret ballot. The brave hearts who did, many congratulations to you. That you have officers who displayed ignorance of this electoral process, leave alone assist with its facilitation, has also been amply reported.My point, dear Mr Commissioner Sir, is simply trying to understand why this fundamental right has been kept in the dark? Every government (and its election officers) has kept this 'weapon' away from the general public. It is unforgivable, having put us, the voter, through years of horse-trading candidates and corrupt governments for so long. I'm simply not convinced that you need 'numbers' to make the 'Reject' option available on the EVM, in the same manner as the candidate party symbol. This election Goa has sent home the message that she is arming herself with the right to information. Some 200 odd voters rejected their candidates and told you so. Clearly, by their action. You now need to work on implementing it.Yes, yes, I know how the system within works. I've been there too. But sincere honesty is the best policy. It always starts from the home. It starts with you. It is every citizen's constitutional right to elect or reject candidates who they believe has no right to represent him. This election is also a lesson for political parties to involve the people of their constituencies to select their candidates. We need more power to the voter.We, the People of Goa, demand that the Right to Reject be made available on the EVM, and in the sanctity of the secret ballot. Babus who don't agree, can take a walk.The writer is a media professional", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12241828", "title": "Cotton export ban revocation fails to cheer growers", "text": "NAGPUR: Though the government on Monday lifted the ban on cotton exports, the riders accompanying the move have left cotton exporters and growers crying foul. The order by directorate general of foreign trade (DGFT), says although the embargo has been lifted, no fresh registration certificates (RCs), on the basis of which exports are undertaken, will be issued until further orders. The RCs already issued will be first scrutinized and revalidated.Exporters say it is as good as continuing with the ban. Farm activists say it will only suppress prices of raw cotton in the markets rather than cause a jump that should have ideally followed lifting the ban. Explaining government's logic behind the move, the director general Ashok Pujari told TOI that the ban abruptly put all exports to a halt for over a week. RCs have a validity of 30 days but they would be expiring at a different date for each exporter. There is chance of objections being raised against DGFT, if exports are allowed straightaway.For example, if there is an exporter with just five days of RC validity left and another with 15 days, the former getting full extension can lead to objections being raised by the latter. This is because any delay in export beyond the validity period leads to imposition of heavy penalty. So in order to bring all exporters at par the RCs will be revalidated in totality, said Pujari. A decision on issuing further RCs will also be taken on the basis of findings of scrutiny of documents. Exporters say existing RCs pertain to export of almost 25 lakh bales of cotton. They expect the whole process of revalidation to take at least couple of weeks which may further weaken the rates.Arun Sekhsaria of M/s Brijmohan Sekhsaria Cotton Exports calls decision to lift ban a farce. With exports curbed, there is a possibility of local rates coming down or at least remaining stagnant. The decision means only the transitional exports will be allowed while fresh orders remain banned.Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti said though technically the ban was revoked, it would take a couple of months before fresh exports begin. \"The government should now start procuring cotton through its agencies to ensure a better price on level with global markets. There is surplus cotton in the country and demand in world market, ideally cotton should be placed in open general licence (OGL) and immediate exports should be allowed,\" said Tiwari.Marginal hike in ratesAs market reopened after a week's closure, prices for raw cotton increased only marginally in the markets. The average increase was around Rs 200-300 as traders reported negligible arrivals. In the US, cotton futures which jumped by a per cent to over 92 cents a pound when the ban was imposed have come down to almost 88 cents. This indicates a global oversupply, say traders. In India, cotton futures closed at a low Rs 817 per 20 kg after touching an intra day high of Rs 848. Rates of lint (processed cotton) also came down by a couple of thousand to Rs 32,000 per candy.At Paratwada in Amravati district, rates opened at around Rs 3500 to Rs 3700 a quintal although there were no arrivals, said Ravi Agrawal, a trader. He said the initial jump was due to the news of the export ban being lifted. However, the exporters were conspicuous from the markets. The rates are expected to come down as the finer points of orders are no known.There was a similar situation in the market yards of Yavatmal where the average rates were quoted at Rs 3,750 a quintal. Roshan Kothari, director of Maheevra Agricare Pvt Ltd, a farm produce bourse in Wani of Yavatmal district, said even as rates inched up by Rs 200 supplies were next to nil. He expects the rates to peak at Rs 3900.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12242346", "title": "4 cops in trouble for cheating bizman", "text": "CHENNAI: Four policemen, who allegedly beguiled a businessman and made an abortive bid to appropriate Rs 1.5 lakh from him, are in trouble with senior officials initiating an inquiry against them.Joint commissioner of police (south zone) KP Shanmuga Rajeswaran, who conducted a preliminary probe, has initiated a detailed departmental inquiry against them. If found guilty, they will be suspended.The four policemen, Kumarasamy, Raj Mohan, Ram Kumar and Paneerselvam, attached to Valasaravakkam crime wing, seized Rs 1.5 lakh from Noor Mohideen of Mannadi during a routine vehicle check. They didn't buy Mohideen's claim that he was on his way to the bank to deposit the money. Charging that he was carrying hawala money, the constables seized it from Mohideen . However, they did not inform their higher-ups about the seizure. Mohideen later lodged a complaint with Valasaravakkam police about the incident. After the preliminary inquiry, Rajeswaran transferred the cops and returned the money to Mohideen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12241701", "title": "Some autos to sport black flags", "text": "MUMBAI: Autos led by union leader Thampy Kurian will sport black flags on March 26 to demand a fare hike.Kurian told TOI that he will lead a delegation to state transport commissioner V N More's office on Tuesday to submit a fresh memorandum on a hike. Besides issuing an ultimatum for March 25, the union will seek a clarification on the new e-meters.\"We want a fare hike as the cost of maintaining CNG engines is very high. The cost of living has gone up in Mumbai too. Our drivers are also incurring losses due to long queues at gas-filling outlets,\" he said.He also said that there were not against the installation of e-meters in principle. \"But we want to know who will bear the cost of discarding the mechanical meters (Rs 2,000) and buying new e-meters (Rs 3,500). Also, is there is a mechanism to protect e-meters from dust and rain, and are they tamperproof?\" he said.The auto union led by Sharad Rao is in talks with government officials on a hike. They want the auto drivers' demands to be taken up on priority by officials and a decision taken at Tuesday's meeting.While Rao's union has threatened an indefinite agitation from April 16, the group led by Kurian does not want to inconvenience commuters. \"There is no point in staying off roads. Our drivers also lose a day's earnings. We will protest by affixing black flags to our autos on March 26. Commuters will also know about the protest,\" he said. He said the hike demand was justified.Meanwhile, the petition on e-meters will come up for hearing in court on March 14. The state transport department will file an affidavit justifying e-meters even as no new auto has come forward to install them. Rickshawale, a dial-an-auto group, has shown interest in getting the devices installed in some existing autos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245042", "title": "Ram Gopal Varma is smitten by Sunidhi Chauhan?", "text": "Ram Gopal Varma is in news for two things - One, his controversial movies and second his changing muse.The filmmaker draws inspiration from real life incidents and ofcourse his ever-changing muse. And he's one bold person who doesn't shy away from admitting that. The latest we guess is none other than singer Sunidhi Chauhan. The writer seems to be smitten by the Nightingle. He tweeted \"I truly sincierley honestly think Sunidhi chauhan is the greatest singer in the world..jst hr voice can give orgasms evn without bodily sex...\" Should we ask Ramu kya iraada hai?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12239669", "title": "Now, Deoband issues fatwa on body scan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Islamic seminary, Darul Uloom, Deoband, has issued a fatwa against full body scan saying it's against the sharia. Darul Ifta, the wing that issues fatwas, ruled on Sunday that full body scan is severely \"haram\" (prohibited), saying, \"No Muslim is permitted to allow it by his own will and must refuse to be scanned.\"The fatwa was in response to a question by a man who was put through the full body scanner at the Manchester airport. The fatwa said it is the duty of \"influential Muslims to make effort to get Muslims exempt legally from such scanning\". Deoband rector Abdul Qasim Nomani said, \"We are against body scans as it's not only un-Islamic but goes against Indian culture. Not just Muslims, Hindus and people of other religions, too, would find it offensive if their privacy is violated.\"Muslim clerics of other sects and intellectuals don't agree with the fatwa. Maulana Syed Mohammad Ashraf Kichhouchhwi, general secretary, All India Ulama and Mashaikh Board, said fatwas are conditional.\"If scan is necessary for security reasons or to detect, treat a disease then it's not haram or un-Islamic,\" he said.Faizan Mustafa, vice-chancellor, National Law University, Orissa, said what the state does for the common good is allowed in Islam. \"In today's age, when there are threats from terrorist and fundamentalist forces, how can one refuse body scans at airports?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12245430", "title": "Lee Whittaker in Kamal Haasan's new movie", "text": "One of Hollywood's most accomplished stunt directors Lee Whittaker is currently in Mumbai shooting the climactic action sequence for Kamal Haasan's Vishwaroop.Whittaker is known for his astonishing aerial stunts in Michael Bay's Pearl Harbor and his stunning action in 78 other American films and television serials.Vishwaroop (Vishwaroopam in Tamil) is Whittaker's first Indian assignment.Apparently Whittaker initially refused to do the film. But was convinced only after Kamal Haasan showed the American stunt-wallah some of his filmed moves and derringdo from his past work.Says a source, \"Whittaker was not too keen on doing an assignment outside home turf.But when he saw Kamal Haasan's stunts in some of his past film notably Nayakan and Abhay and the high risk-level that the actor was willing to take to achieve a summit of realism in the stunts, Whittaker agreed.\"For the climactic one-on-one being shot currently Kamal Haasan and Rahul Bose were required to rehearse rigorously and religiously for over a week for the aerial stunts. Says a source, \"It's a high-risk low-caution stunt. No matter how careful we were it was potentially life-threatening. Still, all precautions were taken to ensure the two actors' safety. Whittaker himself admitted the stunt he had devised for Kamal Haasan and Rahul Bose was more dangerous than anything he had done in Hollywood .\"So lethal were the moves and so high the risk of a mishap that Kamal Haasan had kept the stunt a secret from his loved ones.And yet it was a pretty hit-and-miss heart-in-the-mouth touch-and-go kind of situation at the Chandivali Studio in Andheri (Mumbai) on Sunday when, during a climactic combat between hero Kamal Haasan and villain Rahul Bose, the method actor Kamal known for his rigid discipline towards the art, came crashing down from a height of nearly 20 feet. Luckily there was no mishap.Whittaker who has co-ordinated stunts for the likes of Bruce Willis , Arnold Schwarzenegger and George Clooney is pretty impressed with the heightened level of commitment shown by Kamal Haasan and Rahul Bose while shooting what can be only be described as a suicidal stunt.Says Kamal Haasan, \"I've done a lot of risky stuff. Let's just what I'm doing now is exceedingly risky. It's fun to have an actor as dedicated as Rahul Bose opposite me. The fight is dangerously enjoyable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12240978", "title": "CIAL may invest in wind mill, solar energy sectors", "text": "KOCHI: Cochin International Airport Limited (CIAL) is planning to make forays into renewable energy sector with part of the funds it intends to mobilize through its ensuing public issue.\"Renewable energy is definitely one area we will be exploring for diversifying our revenue streams. We may go in for wind mills in areas like Palakkad where there is potential for such investments. We may also try solar energy , or even mini-hydel projects,\" V J Kurien, MD of CIAL, told TOI here.CIAL is also toying with the proposals to enter other infrastructure areas like roads and airports as well, he said.CIAL, which built the first PPP model airport in the country, will launch its maiden public issue if its extraordinary general body meeting scheduled for March 31 approves the proposal.It will be for the first time in India that an airport company is making forays into infrastructure sector, though there have been instances of infrastructure companies embarking on airport projects before.According to Kurien, the public issue could be in the range of Rs 1,000 crore to Rs 1500 crore once the company's board gives its consent. The money could be raised in tranches. The company currently has an equity base of Rs 300 crore, and surplus reserve of Rs 150 crore.\"It could be easy for us to raise a debt of Rs 600 crore. But we are going in for this public issue to list the shares and thereby enable the share-holders to trade the shares in stock exchanges,\" the CIAL MD said.Kurien, however, declined to comment on the demand by a section of shareholders that they must also be allocated shares at par just like CIAL had done in the case of HUDCO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12239895", "title": "Coimbatore firm to build India's first private airport in Karaikal", "text": "COIMBATORE: The first fully private airport in India will become operational in Karaikal, an enclave of Puducherry near Nagapattinam, in another two years, its developers told the media here. Super Airport Infrastructure Pvt, a consortium of Coimbatore-based industrialists, said they have received all the necessary clearances.Aimed at tapping the rich recreational and spiritual tourism potential of the region, the project will bring air connectivity to pilgrim centres including Velankanni, Nagore and various temple towns including Kumbakonam, Thirukadayur, Thirumanancheri, Thirukadayur and Thirunallar as well as the historic sites of Tarangambadi and Poompuhar. Karaikal, incidentally, also has a sea port built on a public-private partnership.Super Airport chairman J Venkatesam Chowdhury said the proposed airport in Karaikkal would be the first airport in the country to be built entirely with private capital. \"Though the ministry of civil aviation has given sanction for 14 greenfield airports across the country, ours is the only 100% private airport. The other 13 airports cleared follow the public-private-Partnership model,'' he said.According to him, the airport would be spread across 562 acre. The company has already purchased 400 acre of land for the first phase of construction and the first phase involves construction of a 1.8-km runway and a 250 Peak Hour Passenger (PHP) capacity terminal. The initial expense will be 150 crore and that amount is sufficient to construct the necessary infrastructure to ensure total safety operations, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241984", "title": "Orphanage probe: LG faces court fire", "text": "NEW DELHI: The high court on Monday severely criticized the manner in which the state government and the lieutenant governor went about setting up an inquiry commission to probe allegations of sexual exploitation of children at a city orphanage.\"Is this the way of dealing with such serious matters? Where is the application of mind?\" A bench of justices Pradeep Nandrajog and Pratibha Rani observed on finding out from the file that the LG approved the setting up of the panel on mere \"telephonic conversation.\"\"The LG should have applied his mind,\" the HC said, slamming the authorities for taking such important decisions on telephone without going through the material on record, and wondered if the LG was occupied attending functions. The court also cut short attempts by the state government to claim the step was taken to maintain good governance. \"We are not here to issue certificates for governance. Look at what happened to the IPS officer in Madhya Pradesh.\"The court was incensed at the government's casual manner of setting up the inquiry panel, and the LG's approval for it. Even as it indicated its clear displeasure with the authorities , the court wrapped up the hearing and reserved its verdict.The HC was hearing a bunch of pleas challenging the city government's decision to appoint an inquiry commission to probe the allegations of sexual abuse of children and the death of an inmate at a private orphanage. The government, on February 25, had appointed an inquiry commission to probe the alleged sexual abuse and a death in Daryaganj's Arya Anathalaya. The commission, set up under section 3 of the Commission of Inquiry Act 1954, has also been asked to examine the state of affairs of Arya Bal Grih, Arya Kanya Sadan - both in Daryaganj - and Chhatrawas Chandra Arya Vidya Mandir and Chandra Arya Vidyalaya - both in East Of Kailash.During the proceedings, even while the state government maintained there is sufficient material against two of the five NGOs, it conceded there was no material against the remaining three NGOs and the government took the decision to examine the affairs of all five as they are \"umbrella organizations\".Referring to the notification, senior advocate Maninder Singh appearing for one of the NGOs questioned the alleged urgency to set up a commission of inquiry when the government had already conducted a preliminary inquiry.The high court had, last week, asked the city government to place the records on the basis of which the authorities had appointed an inquiry commission to probe the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12242281", "title": "Geographical indications tag for made-in-Kutch shawl", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The colourful Kutchi shawl has been given the geographical indications (GI) tag. Made from locally available wool and traditionally worn as a veil, this Gujarati craft has a 500-year-old history.\"It took us almost two-and-a-half years - from motivating local weavers to form an association to filing the GI application - to get this recognition,\" says R M Shankar, principal scientific officer of Ahmedabad Textile Industry's Research Association (ATIRA).GI is a sign used on products, which correspond to a specific town, region or country. It certifies that the product possesses qualities or enjoys a certain reputation due to its geographical origin.\"Initially, there was hesitation among the weavers, but we held sensitization programmes in different villages and explained to them how this tag would help get their products a better market. Cheap industrial imitations of their intricate designs by factories in Ludhiana have hit them badly,\" he says. The association has grown from seven to 300 today.The shawl is the sixth Gujarati craft to get this recognition, others being Kutchi embroidery, agate of Cambay, Sankheda furniture, Tangaliya shawl and Surti zari.\"This tag will help over 1,200 weavers of the Vankar and Meghwal communities in Kutch region spread across 210 villages,\" says Kutch Weavers Association (KWA) president Gabhubhai Vankar. He says Kutch is the only regional cluster of weavers in India which can create intricate motifs in thicker yarns of wool, cotton and silk.Artisans still design and produce shawls for the local market, as it is widely worn across Kutch in the winter. Keeping with the contemporary trend, this shawl is now woven using Marino wool and incorporates traditional dholki motif. Woollen and acrylic shawls embellished with bandhni and embroidery are a rage, and a major tourist attraction in Kutch.The geographical indications (GI) tag will help over 1,200 weavers of the Vankar and Meghwal communities in Kutch region spread across 210 villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "dharni (melghat)/amravati", "code": "12241313", "title": "Melghat to get special status for Employment Guarantee Scheme: Raut", "text": "DHARNI (MELGHAT)/AMRAVATI: Expressing disappointment over Melghat tribals not getting their dues under Maharashtra Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MREGS) forcing them to shift bases, Maharashtra EGS minister Nitin Raut announced slew of measures to revive the situation after his maiden visit to the area. Initiating a move to grant 'special status' to Melghat over payment of dues under EGS, the minister instructed Amravati divisional commissioner Ganesh Thakur to submit a proposal at the earliest. He also declared that EGS beneficiaries, whose dues were delayed by two to three months, would be cleared at the earliest.Raut warned the government officials against any delay in disbursement of wages to tribals and instructed them to release the payment before weekly market in future so that the tribals could make purchases on time. \"We're contemplating to make EGS payments through banks and are in talks with SBI for granting liquid cash to the tribals. I have already directed the postal department officials to seek help from staffers at various offices to clear the existing dues within two days,\" he told TOI.The minister promised to sort out the problem of work unavailability at the earliest. \"Melghat is a forest area with huge scope for various jobs including construction of water bodies for wild animals during summers, demarking forest line to prevent fires etc. There were some problems initially as the proposals were not submitted as per norms, but I have asked the forest department to send revised proposals after which tribals could be employed in any of the above jobs,\" Raut said.He further stated that Zilla Parishad CEO was told to appoint more gram sevaks for clearing tribal dues and they could also use more number of vehicles when required. Listing positive developments, Raut informed that work worth Rs 350 crore was allotted to the tribals under EGS last year. This has increased three times to Rs 950 crore till date in the region. By the end of this fiscal, we are expecting this figure to touch Rs 1,200 crore to Rs 1,500 crore, he added.District collector, who accompanied Raut on tour to Melghat, had earlier declared that they had cash reserves of Rs 5 crore for EGS distribution. Principal secretary V Giriraj had said that Melghat had recorded highest figures in terms of man-hours under EGS this year. \"We've disbursed Rs 23 crore in the region under the scheme, including Rs 12 crore in Chikhaldara and Rs 11 crore in Dharni,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240984", "title": "Production of sugar up by 8 lakh tonne", "text": "PUNE: Sugar factories in the state have crushed 625.9 lakh tonne sugarcane this season and produced 71.3 lakh tonne sugar with a recovery rate of 11.39%. The estimated sugar production this year is 90 lakh tonne, said Ajit Chaugule, acting managing director of the Maharashtra State Federation of Cooperative Sugar Factories Ltd.Sugar production this year was over eight lakh tonne more that the 62.58 lakh tonne sugar produced in the corresponding period of previous year, Chaugule added.Kolhapur division, due to its high quality soil and favourable climatic conditions, has highest recovery rate in the state. In this season, 32 sugar factories have crushed 148.42 lakh tonne sugarcane and produced 18.42 lakh tonne sugar with a recovery rate of 12.37%. The recovery rate in Pune division was 11.27%.On condition of anonymity, an official from the state sugar commissionerate told TOI: \"The sudden drop in temperature has affected sugar recovery rate in Pune division.\"While in Nanded division it was 11.3%.compared to Nanded division, which remained fairly warm. If the crushing of sugarcane in Pune and Nanded division is to be compared; , while Nanded has crushed 87.19 lakh tonneThe Pune division has 50 cooperative and private sugar factories, which crushed 223.15 lakh tonne sugarcane to produce 25.15 lakh tonne sugar with a recovery rate of 11.27%.This year, 119 cooperative sugar factories and 50 private sugar factories started crushing in November, Chaugule said. So far five of them have stopped crushing, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12241489", "title": "NGO seeks CBI probe against BSY", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's troubles seem to be far from over. Samaj Parivarthan Samudaya (SPS), an NGO spearheading the fight against illegal mining in Karnataka, has urged the CEC to recommend CBI probe into alleged illegalities committed by Yeddyurappa and some mining majors operating in the state.Taking objection to the government's application to the CEC requesting not to order a CBI probe, SR Hiremath and Vishnu Kamat of SPS argued that facts and circumstances pertaining to the allegations against Yeddyurappa and corporate firms provide sufficient prima facie material and make a compelling case for an independent investigation.Activist to file PILSocial activist T J Abraham plans to pursue Yeddyurappa's illegal mining case, which was recently quashed by the high court. \"I will either file a review petition in the high court or a special leave petition in Supreme Court, depending on the issue, since I am also the respondent to this case,'' Abraham said on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12242461", "title": "'Next 2 nights to be cold'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The meteorological department has predicted some more windy days ahead and fluctuation in the night temperature. Even though there would be no change in the day temperature, nights will get colder in the next 48 hours, predicts the weatherman.Surinder Pal, director of the meteorological department said, \"Western disturbances in Northern Pakistan and Jammu and Kashmir were the reason behind the windy weather during this time of the year.\" He added that the weather will continue to remain like this for the next four-five days, while the air will be moisture-laden.But the dusty, windy conditions are irking city residents. \"It is getting really difficult to ride a two-wheeler or a rickshaw in windy conditions and one needs to cover one's face for protection from dust,\" said Simran Kaur, a resident of Sector 16.Shubhangi Sharma, another resident of Sector 15 said, \"It is very dusty during the day, while the nights are really cold. Sometimes even sun glasses don't provide much protection from the dust.\"Tanvi Mander, a student of MCM DAV College said, \"The weather is autumn-like. Winter is receding, but residents it seems will have to put up with strong winds for some more days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12240913", "title": "Over 700 foreign students reach Kochi as part of 'Semester at Sea'", "text": "KOCHI: More than 700 foreign students reached Kochi on Monday as part of their study programme Semester at Sea, held on board the vessel MV Explorer. The vessel is being operated by the non-profit Institute for Shipboard Education (ISE) and the study programme is under the sponsorship of the University of Virginia.The ship started sailing from Nassau in Bahamas on January 20, 2012. According to professor Lew Hinchman of University of Virginia, the vessel had called at Kochi port earlier in 2010.\"This trip is part of the spring voyage journey. We visited places like Roseau, Brazil, Ghana, South Africa and Mauritius before reaching Kochi,\" professor Lew Hinchman of University of Virginia said. Students and scholars in the ship are from the US and international universities.On disembarking in Kochi, the students moved to various parts of the country in groups. While some of them remained in Kochi, the others moved to places like Agra, Varanasi and Jaipur. A group of 30 students visited the Centre for Public Policy and Research (CPPR). The students had an interaction with CPPR chairman Dhanuraj, project consultant Gopinath Panangad and retired professor K C Abraham.The students asked questions related to environmental activities, the impact of emergency declared in 1975, the socialist and Left movement in the state and outsourcing of human resources from India.Despite warnings not to involve in conversations associated with controversial political topics, the group welcomed questions regarding involvement of the United States in Iraq and Afghanistan . While a few of them agreed with the US government's stance, the others expressed their dissent.The students also wanted to know how India planned to resolve the Kashmir issue. When Abraham talked about the case of frisking former president A PJ Abdul Kalam at an airport in the US, Lew Hinchman expressed his apologies as a citizen.The course aims at providing an insight into the culture, history, heritage, economic growth and politics of various countries. Students and scholars will get an opportunity to visit historical monuments. They also have plans to visit Munnar, the office of The Times of India, Chendamangalam village, SOS children's village in the city, etc.MV Explorer will leave the city on March 17 for the next destination, Singapore .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12241539", "title": "Congress likely to give TMC a walkover in Bengal Rajya Sabha polls", "text": "KOLKATA: On Saturday, Congress general secretary Shakeel Ahmed called on Mamata Banerjee. Just two days after that, sources claimed, Uttar Pradesh chief minister designate Akhilesh Yadav has expressed his desire to visit Kolkata. While the Trinamool Congress chief will use this to her advantage, the Congress has to give more to Mamata than what it will get in return to keep the alliance going. The March 30 Rajya Sabha elections - in which candidates from Bengal will be elected to the Upper House - could well be an indicator.It may be mentioned here that Mamata was ready to visit Chandigarh to attend Shiromoni Akali Dal leader Parkash Singh Badal's swearing in ceremony. She cancelled the programme on Sunday, after receiving phone calls from the Prime Minister.The Trinamool chief minced no words when Shakeel Ahmed met her at Writers' seeking her party's support in the Rajya Sabha polls. She instead sought the Congress support in favour of a fourth Trinamool candidate this time and urged him to wait for the next Rajya Sabha polls for Trinamool's support. It means that the Congress has to fight on its own if it fields a candidate this time.Then, will the Congress field a candidate from Bengal? \"The party high command will take the call. For, the decision will have wide ramification. It's not difficult to find a candidate. I can only say that Congress won't seek the Left support for the Rajya Sabha poll. And the high command will have to take the decision much before March 19 - the last date of filing nominations is March 19, because the candidate has to fill in a 10-page form and give declaration of assets including family,\" said PCC chief Pradip Bhattacharya.Going by what the PCC president said, chances are that the Congress might choose to go without a member in the Rajya Sabha from Bengal, leaving the numbers game entirely to Didi. The reason is that the Congress has 42 members in the Bengal assembly - seven less than the quota number (49). Seeking support from the Left Front will only spoil the Congress's prospects in its strongholds - Murshidabad, Malda and parts of north Bengal. The Congress is thus left with little choice.Instead, the party's throwing its weight behind the Trinamool candidates that has 185 MLAs will help Mamata bag four Rajya Sabha seats. Whatever the scene, the Trinamool is all set to push its tally to 9 or 10 in the Rajya Sabha, depending on the number of candidates it fields.The party with its enhanced strength in the Rajya Sabha will also emerge as a major player in the presidential elections after Pratibha Patil's tenure ends in July. The other option could be that both the parties may agree on an independent person as the fourth candidate.Trinamool leaders, on the other hand, made it clear that the party is not going to compromise on the state's interests, leaving broad hints of its throwing a spanner in passing of Bills such as Lokayukt Bill, to keep Congress under pressure. They are also keeping an eye on how Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee handles Mamata's long standing demand for a three-year moratorium on the Rs 22,000 crore interest that the Bengal government has to pay as annual interest to the Centre on the debt burden of Rs 2 lakh crore.\"We are not going to compromise on the state's interests. We want a three-year moratorium on the debt burden, and have also opposed the entry of multi-brand FDI in retail. We have also opposed the Lokayukt part of the Lokpal Bill, and are also concerned over the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC),\" said Trinamool parliamentary party leader Sudip Bandyopadhyay. Of these, the financial point is of prime importance that is likely to determine the Trinamool's future course.This being too difficult a demand for the Congress trying to make ends meet, Congress leaders expect little from the Trinamool Congress in the Rajya Sabha. \"I don't how far the finance minister will be able to satisfy Mamata. The Centre can't distribute favours to Bengal without doing anything for the other debt-ridden states such as Kerala and Punjab. It requires huge funds to do justice to all the three,\" a Pradesh Congress member said. However, the Centre might make some special announcements for Bengal to keep the Trinamool Congress happy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244316", "title": "Artistic work of Bhagwan Chauhan", "text": "The art frat of the city was recently treated to an interesting exhibition featuring the works of artist Bhagwan Chauhan.The show was all about the contentment of the unambitious. The artist, who now teaches art, wanted to dedicate the show to two important people in his life - his mentor and a close friend.The works that were on display included 37 of Bhagwan's paintings and each seemed to tell a story of its own.The show, which was inaugurated by Anne Warrior, saw several of Bangalore's art enthusiasts in attendance.Munira Sen was spotted chatting with Susan George , while Amanda was seen walking around and appreciating the work on display.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12241681", "title": "New body should find new route to good roads", "text": "NAGPUR: The BJP-led Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) had miserably failed to improve city roads over last five years. Now back in power with a strong personality like Anil Sole as mayor, the NVA faces one of the biggest challenges in ensuring crater-free roads.NMC has to manage 2,273km roads, including tarred 1,876km, metalled 32km and cement 165km. Besides, it is also responsible for 46 roads stretching over 107km constructed under IRDP. One of its major challenges is to ensure other agencies like Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) and public works department (PWD) to ensure roads maintained by them in city limits are proper. Some 2,386km of internal roads in unauthorized layouts and 11 IRDP roads are under NIT. Two roads stretching to 43km are with PWD.In five years, NMC failed to undertake repairs in time, causing inconvenience not only during monsoons but in other seasons too. There was a rise in number of mishaps too due to potholes.The big challenge is to improve quality of road works. Existing contractors have been engaged in the same works for last many years, and dominate the administration. Work orders are taken well below the project cost, resulting in substandard work. Zonal engineers never visit roads during repairs and pass bills without inspections.Only a strong administration can ensure important things like pressing of road shoulders properly, high surface level on curves, laying of tar before bitumen etc. It also requires follow up and regular inspection by office bearers.The BJP-led NVA had also promised to construct 100km cement road before the election. Funds were approved and cement roads project started from Vyankatesh Nagar T-point to Jagnade square, but not a single kilometre was completed. The new body has to ensure this project is completed properly. Besides, BJP had also vowed to construct 135km more cement roads in its manifesto. So, now NVA faces the challenge of completing 235km of cement roads.NMC is also hamstrung by lack of funds, and had asked the state to sanction Rs 200 crore for repair of IRDP roads, but did not get any. Without the funds, improvement of IRDP roads seems a remote possibility.Other vital parts of the roads, like street lights, removing electricity poles on roads, road dividers, traffic signals, markings etc too need improvement. Work orders to strengthen street lights and remove poles from roads were given in the end of 2011. But NMC does not have funds to undertake the works. A proposal sent to the state for permission to raise loans of Rs 50 crore to remove poles from the roads is pending for the last one year.For NVA, proper management of funds is the need of the hour. For the first time, former chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi had made provisions for traffic signals. Similar steps are required to ensure smooth traffic.Sole told TOI that hassle-free roads are one of their top priorities. \"Every effort will be made to resolve problems. Regular inspections and meetings will be held to ensure quality. We promised to construct cement roads and will fulfil out promise,\" he said.Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre said the BJP had failed completely in making the city free from potholed roads in last five years. \"Cement roads project is controversial as it involves huge amount of funds. Priority is to bring back the glory of IRDP roads. Besides, the quality of works is a major issue. We will always press for proper roads in the city,\" he said.Problems* Tar roads, including IRDP roads, full of craters* Poor quality of repairs* Roads under NIT and PWD too not maintained* Not a single km of 100km cement road project completed* Over 30% street lights not working* Slow pace of work on railway over and under bridgesSolutions* Get state's clearance for Rs 200 crore for IRDP roads* Complete railway over and under bridges* Get sanction for more projects from central government* Complete 100km cement road project, and start promised 135km roads using national-level company* Complete removal of poles on roads* Office bearers should inspect roads and call for feedback from citizens* Form committee of experts from other government institutions like PWD, VNIT etc to give report on quality of road works before paying billsCitizens SpeakModern and eco-friendly technology should be used for smooth and safe roads with long life. Cement roads should be avoided in internal areas to save money and ecology. Prosecute officials and contractors compromising on qualityAvinash Kapgate, lawyer, Narendra NagarRoads are not in good shape. Plan each road separately. Pratap Nagar cement road is a fine example of lack of planning. First the road divider was constructed and now it is being breached at a number of places, making it uselessAvinash Prabhune, RTI activist, Pratap NagarLack of planning leads to roads being dug up soon after asphalting. Besides, water network and cables etc are under the roads. There should be proper service line for this, so roads are not damagedThirupati Goskula, Asst Professor, SadarI have never seen any road in proper condition after IRDP in 2002. New body and office bearers should ensure that money is spent properlyShehbaz Siddiqui, social activist, Jaffar NagarNew body should improve quality of works. South Ambazari road developed craters within months of repairs. Why not ask a committee of experts to check roads before paying contractorsTapan Suryawanshi, System Administrator, Abhyankar Nagar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241490", "title": "Centre won't dilute NCTC powers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government will not operationalise the National Counter-Terrorism Centre till it discusses the matter threadbare with dissenting chief ministers on April 16 and brings suitable amendments in its existing 'notification' to dispel an impression of 'unilateralism'.The manner in which the home ministry notified the setting up of the NCTC and 'words' used in the office 'order' (directing states on many points) drew severe criticism from many states' representatives who attended a meeting on NCTC on Monday.The amendments will, however, not dilute the powers given to NCTC for 'operational' reasons. The changes will be in the 'wording' of the official notification so that it does not look like giving states a peripheral role in the fight against terrorism.\"These things will further be explained through standard operating procedures (SOPs) which will be brought in as part of the amended notification. It will hopefully clear doubts of states,\" a senior home ministry official said.He also pointed out that the discussion over the issue in Parliament during the next few days and subsequently at a chief ministers' conference on April 16 would give a \"roadmap\" to bring in the SOPs for the NCTC.The meeting was held on a day President Pratibha Patil mentioned in her speech in Parliament the need for NCTC, stating that the aim of this body was to improve \"India's capability to counter internal security threats\".The Centre on Monday spelt out its course of action during the brain-storming which saw officers from non-Congress ruled states toeing the line of their political masters while protesting 'powers' and 'functions' given to the ambitious anti-terror body. Gujarat, Punjab and Bihar, in fact, were opposed to the very concept of the counter-terror body whereas others protested its 'powers' of arrest and search.BJP-ruled Karnataka presented an interesting exception during the meeting where a senior IAS officer from the state opposed the powers of arrest and search given to NCTC under Section 43A of the existing Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act while the state's senior police officer pitched for a much stronger anti-terror body.Contrary to his chief minister's view expressed in his letter to home minister P Chidambaram last month, the state's top cop is learnt to have told the gathering on Monday that the powers given to NCTC were necessary to make the anti-terror body effective - a view which found support in narratives of officers of almost all Congress-ruled states.The meeting was chaired by home secretary R K Singh. The ministry, in its statement after the meeting, said, \"The need to rework the NCTC order to amplify the powers/functions/duties of the standing council, the specificity of circumstances in which Section 43A of UAPA powers can be invoked, the need to ensure that NCTC is also equally obliged to respond to state governments' requests and the need to provide resources to upgrade state capabilities were some of the key points that came up during the meeting.\"Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand - where new governments came to power after the recent polls - were represented by their home secretary and resident commissioner, respectively. Both states said they had \"no view\" on NCTC at this juncture. They would communicate their states' views to the Centre in due course.The meeting was called to clarify the objections raised by over a dozen chief ministers including Narendra Modi (Gujarat), Nitish Kumar (Bihar), Mamata Banerjee (West Bengal), Naveen Patnaik (Odisha) and J Jayalalitha (Tamil Nadu).Most of the chief ministers had argued that the operational powers (arrest and search) given to NCTC amounted to encroaching on the powers of states over 'law and order' and thereby impinged on the federal structure of the Constitution.Though home minister P Chidambaram had written to all of them explaining that these were the \"bare minimum powers\" given to NCTC for operational reasons under existing law, his arguments failed to bring the protesting chief ministers on board. Most of them had also objected to the 'unilateral' decision taken by the home ministry in notifying the setting up of the anti-terror on February 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "panaji/mapusa", "code": "12241021", "title": "Desecrations: CM threatens to use NSA against vandals", "text": "PANAJI/MAPUSA: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday said the National Security Act (NSA) will be enforced if required, against those involved in acts of desecration of religious structures.\"If the normal law does not allow government to put culprits behind bars, then government will not mind enforcing NSA to hold them in jail,\" Parrikar told media persons.Under NSA, a suspect can be held in jail for a year as a measure of preventive detention.Parrikar was reacting to the desecration of three religious structures within three days of the BJP government taking office in Goa.Parrikar said, \"I have taken these incidents very seriously, because these are the same forces which have been opposing us in government formation. They are trying to defame Goa and they want to divert attention from development and good governance.\"Parrikar said there are worries that the desecrations are to spread word that when BJP comes to power, attacks on Catholic cemeteries or Muslim kabrastans take place. \"These incidents have taken place in areas where BJP Catholic MLAs have been elected and we have tightened security. The person held responsible for this will face the music,\" the chief minister added.\"I have directed police to use all resources for investigation. We will use all power of the law on such people who try to damage the feelings of the people by damaging any religious structure,\" Parrikar said.On Saturday three incidents of desecration of religious structures were reported in Goa. Parrikar said the Mapusa cross incident could be an accident, while another could be a theft but the Curchorem incident where a cemetery and kabrastan were desecrated were a serious issue.Government has also decided to provide compensation for repairs of the damaged religious structures.A day after the desecration, police are still clueless over the identity of the miscreants or the motive behind the incident. \"So far we have not got any definite clues. Investigations are in the preliminary stages,\" South Goa SP Arvind Gawas told TOI.Church calls for restraintPanaji: The desecration of burial places belonging to Christians and Muslims at Curchorem has shocked the people of Goa, the Church said Monday. In a release, the diocesan centre for social communication media said, \"That there could be people who could resort to such dastardly and cowardly acts to vent their feelings is beyond understanding, and the Church expresses her pain and distress at this vandalism.\"The statement further said, \"The Church also manifests her solidarity with the aggrieved local communities and shares in the pain and injustice caused by this unwarranted profanation of the resting places of their dear and near ones. The places of final disposal of bodies are next only to houses of worship, demanding utmost respect and veneration.\"The Church also called for restraint from the aggrieved communities in expressing their \"justified anger\", while adding that it expects the state machinery to be effectively geared to nab the culprits and that such acts are not repeated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12239730", "title": "CBI draws HC ire on Adarsh probe", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday asked the CBI why it had not arrested several \"prominent names\" in the Adarsh scam. It also questioned why no action was taken against government officers named in the FIR.After studying a status report submitted by the CBI on Monday, a bench headed by Justice P B Majmudar wondered why the CBI was still waiting to make arrests and that public servants accused were still not suspended. Former Mumbai civic chief Jairaj Phatak is among the 14 accused as is former Maharashtra CM Ashok Chavan.\"When there is preliminary evidence against certain government officers why haven't you written to the concerned department seeking their removal? Take action against everyone who is found guilty,\" the bench said.The court said the CBI has already filed an FIR and observed that sometimes serving officials are even suspended when an investigation is underway. The CBI said it would file the chargesheet within eight weeks and finish the probe. The bench warned orally, without recording in its order, that if the agency failed to come up with more concrete details on the next date it would summon the CBI director from Delhi.The special director of the Enforcement Directorate (ED) was present in the HC to update the court on the investigations in the scam. Darius Khambata, counsel for ED, informed the court that unless CBI hands over relevant documents and evidence it cannot make a case of \"scheduled offence\" under the money laundering law against Adarsh members.The ED said that if it conducts an inquiry under Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA), it might only duplicate work already done by other agencies. \"The CBI hasn't shared their conclusion if it merits a case under PMLA with us,\" Khambata said.Given that three different agencies - CBI, ED and Income Tax - were involved, the court directed that the CBI contemplate forming a joint team from all three agencies to ensure that work is not duplicated and they share details.The CBI recently made its first arrest in the Adarsh criminal case filed last January. The arrest of former MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani, however, was for allegedly bribing a CBI lawyer to have the charges diluted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12240721", "title": "Road rage: Man shot at in Narela", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another incident of road rage, a youth driving an SUV fired at the driver of an i10 as the latter refused to give way to him. The victim, Vijender Khatri, had a brush with death as a bullet grazed his ear. The incident occurred at Narela in outer Delhi.The incident was reported on Sunday around 9.30pm at Bakner Road when Khatri was on his way home. \"The road was so narrow that two vehicles could not pass at the same time. The Scorpio driver behind me was honking incessantly. He caught up with me and started firing shots. There were around four youths in the Scorpio. They broke the glasses of my car and threatened me with dire consequences,\" said Khatri.\"The youth fired four to five rounds, of which one missed Khatri's head and another grazed his ear. He received minor ear injuries. A case of attempt to murder against unknown persons has been registered and we are probing the case,\" a senior cop said. Khatri told police that the youths were in an inebriated condition.\"Khatri has provided us with the registration number of the Scorpio. We hope to nab them soon,\" the cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12240934", "title": "Decoding polls on TV", "text": "The elections in five states have come and gone. As the dust settles on the winners and the losers, it is time to think about the one group that can never lose, given their supernatural powers - the television channels. The television coverage of the elections is by now a well-settled routine and involves the familiar three stages - breathless anticipation before the event, breathless and reckless commentary during the results and breathless speculation afterwards on the issues raised in the wake of the final outcomes (Is youth finally coming of age in Indian politics? Is identity politics dead? Is Brand Rahul on the decline? and other such perennially absorbing questions).The key characteristic that runs through all the coverage is an overriding sense of aggressive certainty that is used to package insignificant levels of knowledge. At every stage, the anchor is sure of the reality that he or she has constructed and assails participants of the show as well the viewers with his or her version.For instance, after the exit polls, each channel used their findings to grill politicians about what they would do now, having assumed that the final outcome was now a mere formality. Any attempt to point out the speculative nature of the findings was met with dismissive contempt and treated as a standard diversionary tactic. Of course, each channel had its own distinct version of reality and this differed significantly from poll to poll, but that did not make any material difference to the air of authority with which these tentative projections were hardened into retrospective fact.By now it is clear that the exit poll needs only to exist; its actual content is of no relevance at all. It is a device generated as a by-product of the elections and stands on its own, free of any great responsibility to what might actually happen. It is a stage prop that substitutes weeks of frenzied speculation with the apparent solidity of spurious knowledge; its biggest strength is in what it purports to be. It is consumed by itself and serves the purpose of bridging with some plausibility, however thin, the gap between our hunger for knowing in advance about the future and the future itself. As in the case of any television event, the relationship between the anticipation of the event and the event itself becomes tenuous and is treated as optional. In any case, by virtue of the fact that there are so many exit polls and that it is in a channel's interest that not all come up with the same prediction, it is pretty much certain that these polls will end up giving us an array of choices about what the final outcome might be.If the exit poll created an illusion of certainty, one would have expected the results themselves to be much more grounded in facts. After all, months of uncertainty was giving way to some clarity about what actually happened. Eventually of course, clarity did settle down upon us, but after a long and bloody battle with wild assertion. Every channel reported the counting differently resulting at times in one party leading handsomely on one channel while lagging in another.Early on, some announced that the Congress had won in Punjab and most anointed Nitin Gadkari and Uma Bharti as the architects of the stunning BJP performance in UP. Hasty assertion was followed by premature contrition as channels apologetically confessed to their misreading of BJP's performance in UP, before more results came in the story changed yet again. Most channels were not content with speculating on the eventual outcome and went ahead and performed full analyses of the implications of each pseudo-outcome with the same breathless enthusiasm that they reserve for everything, including the latest film release.The need to commit wholeheartedly to every transient reality and the desire to treat every moment as definitive is a defining characteristic of television coverage of most events. As a result, what we end up seeing on television is a world that is never in the process of being formed; it is always fully formed and merely needs an anchor to fulminate about it. Every new event is a startled invention; things do not flow into each other but leap abruptly into the frame of the present before being replaced by another discrete happening.The very idea of analysis needs time, as we look back, put things in relation to each other and make sense of the reality around us. On television what we see is stream-of-consciousness outpouring masquerading as analysis; we experience the sensation of being trapped in a roomful of noisy time. Time takes on a horizontal quality, every moment is loaded with everything; we cannot wait for things to eventually happen, we act as if they are happening all the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12241447", "title": "Integrity deficit upsets development applecart", "text": "BANGALORE: Does Bangalore's civic performance suffer because there's moral and trust deficit in the system and people who manage and run the city? Urban experts Ashwin Mahesh and R K Misra believe deficiency in resource is not at the root of the city's weak civic profile.Says Mahesh: \"We see integrity deficit, trust deficit and hard work deficit in the system that's running the city. This is deficit not captured in finance, zonal regulations or rules. People who run the city must believe they want to make the city a better place to live in; I am not sure they do. They don't carry the moral conviction that the system has to deliver services to the people in a spirit of integrity, honesty and trust. The city suffers because these values are lacking in the leadership. They don't want to deliver because they are dishonest, they want to use and bend the system for personal gain.\"Misra is pointed in his remarks on what he thinks is responsible for the city's bad civic record. \"Projects in the city suffer purely because of dishonesty, corruption and moral bankruptcy of the political leadership. Please examine the 2008-09 manifestoes of the parties and you'll find they are a bundle of lies. Have any of the promises been implemented two years later? Why not? There are any number of political chinthan baithaks, has there ever been a baithak on Bangalore's development?\"Mahesh argues that the lack of integrity is reflected in the non-adherence to laws. \"There are enough regulations and laws that have good outcomes built into them. But if people running the system don't follow the law or implement regulations, because they don't want to and mean to, and because they want to circumvent the law to make personal gain, what outcome can you expect? If you don't implement requirements laid out by law, other policy transformations are impossible.\"Mahesh and Misra also talk of the lack of clear plans. \"The first thing to be asked of a minister is: does the minister have a plan for Bangalore's development? Is there a plan at all? Are there deliverables in the plan? What is the timeframe for delivery? Just this information has to be put out in public in the form of posters. But you will never get answers because there are no plans in the first place.\" Mahesh and Misra conclude that basic lack of intent on the part of the civic and political leadership to implement is the root cause of Bangalore's tardy civic progress. \"There is no intention at all to implement. That is the most basic deficiency we have. No one cares and no one feels the need to deliver. Pressure has to be created to ensure political leadership delivers what it promises, delivers honestly and transparently. An overhaul in values among the leadership will change Bangalore's fortunes. The return of honesty and the intent to deliver with integrity is the solution for Bangalore's ills.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12242189", "title": "Palamu criminal held near Ramgarh", "text": "RAMGARH: Police on Sunday arrested Sujit Kumar, one of the most wanted criminals of Redma in Palamu district against whom 32 cases were pending, from a place near Barkakana railway station.\"The miscreant was arrested with a car, Rs 15,000, pistol, cartridges and a cell phone,\" said Ramgarh SP Anish Gupta.He said the criminal was held by a team of police officers after being informed about his presence at Barkakana.\"At least 32 cases have been lodged against him with different police stations of Palamu division,\" said the SP adding that he was involved in a number of cases of murder including a builder in Ranchi.Sujit had managed to escape from police custody while he was being shifted to Dumka from Garhwa jail in December 2011, added a police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12239856", "title": "Tribals seek govt aid to repair damaged huts", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Paniya tribals belonging to Aththipalli Adivasi Colony near Gudalur in the Nilgiris seek help from the government to renovate their huts which have deteriorated considerably over the years due to the weather conditions. About twelve family members belonging to the adivasi hamlet, accompanied by the Gudalur Municipal Chairperson, G Rama Mani, a Paniya tribal, met Nilgiris Collector, Archana Patnaik, on Monday, and submitted a petition seeking the government's help to renovate their damaged huts.\"There are 36 families dwelling in the Aththipalli adivasi colony. About 12 huts are in a very bad shape. They seek government help to renovate the huts,\" said Rama Mani, the first tribal women municipal chairperson. Aththipalli is located about 4 km from Gudalur town. According to Rama Mani, about 15 Paniya hamlets are located in and around Gudalur town which are in need of government attention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12242049", "title": "'Let's not look at girls as liabilities'", "text": "RANCHI: \"Father, why do you discriminate against me when I can be as good as my brother?\"With these lines from a composition of Leila Seth, Unicef India goodwill ambassador Sharmila Tagore stressed that the society has to stop seeing girls as liability only then their situation can improve. The famous Bollywood star is on a two-day visit to the state to take stock of maternal health.Talking to media after visiting Sadar Hospital where she met three newborn babies and their mothers, she hailed the joint effort of the state government and Unicef to launch the Mamta Vahan referral call centre programme under which medically equipped transport facility is provided to the women in labour.\"I belong to a family where my grandmother was married when she was five years old, my mother had to complete her postgraduation privately because she was not allowed to attend classes in a co-ed college but I went to movies and so is my daughter doing,\" she said, pointing to the gradual change in society because of education.She said that education to girl child cannot only make them aware of their rights but would give them an opportunity to decide for themselves. \"An educated girl is less dependent and is free to decide if she wants to marry or pursue her higher education ,\" she said.Tagore is to meet chief minister Arjun Munda on Tuesday and will visit a village close to Ranchi to see the ground reality. She said that while interacting with the chief minister she would stress on strengthening outreach programmes of the government to the districts considered affected by Maoist activism. \"I was told that the so-called Naxalites do not interrupt health and education related programmes so I will request the government to ensure that maternal health projects do not suffer because of excuses,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12241420", "title": "Get your building plan sanctioned online", "text": "KOLKATA: It may take only a week to sanction building plans for middle-class homes, if Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has its way. After being pulled up by the chief minister over pending applications, the civic body is planning to introduce a single window system for plan clearance of small residential units.While an online system for tracking the status of building plans is already in place, submission of applications will soon become an online process once the plan is duly signed by an authorized architect.Building plans for middleclass homes in the city could soon be sanctioned in a week with Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) planning to introduce a single window for such clearances at the prodding of chief minister Mamata Banerjee . The CM is learnt to have pulled up KMC authorities over applications for plan sanctions piling up with it. Not only that. Under instructions from the CM to curb corruption in sanctioning of building plans for the middleclass, the civic top brass have planned to open an 'online' service for sanctioning of the plans once an applicant submits the plans duly signed by a KMC authorized architect.\"The online sanction of building plans is an ambitious project for the KMC building department. Initially, we may start this scheme for small dwelling units. Sanctioning of plans for the highrises is a complicated matter and may take time,\" said a senior KMC official. However, before introducing the online system, KMC will now allow the applicants (who have already applied)to go through the exact status of their building plans online. \"We are offering this facility to the applicants and the required system is already in place,\" said a KMC building department official.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee has appointed Anindya Karforma, KMC's chief architect and town planner, as the new director general (buildings) to speed up sanction of building plans. Karforma took charges on March 2 and convened a meeting of all executive engineers the very next day and directed them to clear all applications for plan sanctions in case of small dwellings.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee has appointed a new director general (buildings) to speed up building plan sanctions. Anindya Karforma, KMC's chief architect and town planner assumed charge as DG (Buildings) on March 2, replacing Debasis Kar. Karforma convened a meeting of all executive engineers in the building department the very next day and directed them to clear all applications for plan sanctions in case of small dwellings.\"We have been asked to expedite the process of clearing files for small dwellings,\" said a KMC building department official. \"As a possible solution to this problem, the owner of the land has to come to the KMC building department and pursue the case. Otherwise, the sanction could be delayed since registered architects seldom approach us to solve the problem. We may have to suggest some changes in the plan which the architects have to pass on to the owner,\" he added.This is not all. The civic authorities are planning to open a single window system for sanctioning plans for middle-class homes.\"We are planning to introduce a single window system for those who approach us for sanctioning plans for small residential units. If the applicants can produce clean papers relating to land deed and a proper building plan duly signed by an architect registered with KMC, we may take a week to sanction the application so that construction can start without delay,\" said a KMC building department official. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said that all efforts would be made to ensure hassle-free sanction of building plans for the middleclass so that they are spared a long wait to get the clearance.Sources in the KMC building department said hundreds of applications for building plan sanctions were lying with it for the last couple of years. are lying with the department for a couple of years.The member, mayor-in-council, Tarak Singh admitted that files were piling up. conceded that plenty of these files had been lying with a group of officials for months together.\"We have to relieve citizens from such harassment. Senior civic officials need to clear these files at regular intervals,\" Singh said.Files on proposals for demolition of unauthorized buildings are also gathering dust. have also been piling up for years.\"More than a hundred such files have remained locked up in the KMC building department for the past three years. Now, we have been asked to clear those files on a war-footing,\" said a senior KMC building department official. The demolition proposals are for buildings in B.T Road, Dum Dum, Cossipore, Beadon Street, Park Circus, Topsia, Behala, Jadavpur, Tollygunge and Garden Reach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12240910", "title": "Hullabaloo continues over Achuthanandan's sexist remark", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Protests against VS Achuthanandan's sexist remarks against Sindhu Joy continued on Monday even as the faction-ridden CPM state unit closed ranks behind the beleaguered leader. Among the first to come to Achuthanandan's aid was CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan who termed the controversy unwarranted.\"VS had clarified his statement yesterday itself. He was referring to the pathetic state of Sindhu Joy in Congress. She had been an active worker while working with us. There was literally no free time for her then. Now, she herself had said it was a kind of vacation for her,\" Vijayan told mediapersons in Kochi.But CPM Politburo member Brinda Karat had a word of caution for Achuthanandan. \"The language used by VS even to describe a political party's culture was avoidable. We have always objected to the use of sexual innuendos in political descriptions,\" Brinda told TOI over phone from New Delhi. Sources in CPM revealed that though the party was upset over Achuthanandan's remarks, it, however, wanted to put an end to the controversy. \"As the Piravom bypoll is nearing the party wants to bail out VS. That is why Pinarayi intervened,\" said a source. On Monday, Pinarayi had a meeting with VS at Aluva guest house even as Mahila Congress workers held a black flag demonstration against the Opposition leader.Chief minister Oommen Chandy was, however, not ready to accept the clarification by VS on his statement on Sindhu Joy. \"Achuthanandan should publicly apologize for insulting a woman. The correction which he had given was not enough and satisfactory. The people of the state will not accept his correction,\" Chandy said while speaking to reporters here. Achuthanandan's remarks against Sindhu Joy have also kicked up a storm on social networking and micro blogging sites. The comments ranged from \"He has shown the true colours of an ultra-conservative male chauvinist\", to \"a big disgrace to the party itself\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12246293", "title": "Bangladesh ferry accident: Nearly 250 feared dead", "text": "KOLKATA: Nearly 250 persons are feared dead after a passenger ferry carrying nearly 300 people capsized in the early morning hours of Tuesday in Meghna river of Bangladesh.The ferry was heading towards capital Dhaka from Shariyatpur of Barishal division located in the southern part of the country.The official spokesperson of Bangladesh Inland Water Transport Authority(BIWTA) told the media that the ill-fated vessel MV Shariyatpur capsized in the middle of the river around 2.30am near Gozaria of Munsigunge district of Bangladesh.The initial probe hinted that the boat started sinking after an oil tanker hit the passenger ferry. Most of the passengers were asleep when the accident happened.The district administration initiated rescue operations with the help of country's coast guards and fire brigade personnel.Till afternoon, the BIWTA authority claimed to have rescued 50 persons alive and recovered 19 dead bodies.The rescue team reportedly traced the capsized ferry 70 feet under water in Meghna river.The survivors told the district administration that another passenger ferry MV Mitali which was also sailing towards Dhaka was close to the capsize spot and was the first to reach the spot and rescue passengers.The commander of MV Mitali told local Bangladesh media that their vessel could reach within few minutes following the SOS message of the sinking boat and their sailors joined the rescue operation with the help of buoyas.In the morning additional rescue teams reached the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12241901", "title": "Probe material not given to commission on SC order: SIT", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-appointed SIT's counsel on Monday revealed that the apex court has directed it not to furnish a copy of statement by chief minister Narendra Modi to the Nanavati-Mehta commission.SIT lawyer R S Jamuvar told this to metropolitan magistrate M S Bhatt during a hearing on a Naroda Patia victim's application demanding copy of SIT's final report on Zakia Jafri's complaint against Modi and 62 others in relation to the 2002 riots.Rebutting the argument that SIT report is a public document and the court should permit inspection of it, Jamuvar read out an SC letter to SIT convener Ashish Bhatia. He said that the inquiry commission had sought Modi's deposition last year along with other related documents, but the probe agency refused. Then, the commission sent another notice to SIT reminding the agency that the probe panel has the right to search and seizure.SIT moved the SC after the commission's second notice seeking clarification on whether it can part with investigation material. The SC directed SIT last month that it must not provide any material to anybody. Advocate Jamuvar said that when SC has directed not to provide the probe material to commission, there is no question of supplying the report to a party that is not even a complainant.Petitioner's lawyer claimed that the SC order was applicable when the probe was underway, but the court should consider provisions of CrPC and Indian Evidence Act once SIT has submitted its final report. The court has kept its order reserved on March 15.Meanwhile, an undertrial in the Gulbarg Society massacre case, Ajay Panchal, has sought a copy of the report along with annexures. His counsel Mitesh Amin filed the plea saying that being an undertrial, he has the right to know the outcome of further investigation in the case.March 15 is the deadline given by the court to SIT to submit all related documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12241011", "title": "Don't scrap Regional Plan, rectify errors: State level committee members", "text": "PANAJI: State level committee (SLC) members who helped draw up Regional Plan 2021 have cautioned about the disastrous consequences for the state's eco-sensitive landmass should the plan be withdrawn.Though withdrawing and putting together a new plan is the government's prerogative, the move would trigger chaos and pressures for large-scale conversion of eco-sensitive areas for settlement purposes, the members said. \"The moment you roll it back, the planning process reverts to the 2001 regional plan, opening the door possibly for more settlement,\" state level committee member Dean D'Cruz said.Agreed SLC member Rahul Deshpande and said, \"Until such time as a new plan is formulated, it will be a disaster for Goa as the old plan would have to be followed,\" he said.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had announced that he would scrap RP 2021 as per the promise in the BJP's manifesto. The government is currently examining the implications of scrapping the plan.Though RP 2021 was severely criticized for new concepts such as micro-industrial zones and ecotourism areas, it had several positive features. A major thrust area was the mapping of eco-sensitive zones, slopes, paddy fields, water bodies, mangroves and forested areas for protection.\"Doing away with the plan would mean rolling back the protection RP 2021 offers to eco zones,\" D'Cruz said.Around 80% of the state's land mass comprises eco-sensitive areas. \"Around 7.62 crore sq m of the eco-sensitive areas (under Eco 1) itself are brought under protection,\" D'Cruz said. More areas are included in natural cover as Eco 2. \"This would be mean more ecologically fragile areas are in danger of being brought under settlement,\" Deshpande.The department had received 8,000 suggestions after the task force notified the draft RP 2021 in 2008. Later, after it was notified in 2011, about 3,000 applications were received from builders and individuals. \"A major chunk of these people want an increase in settlement area and hence the demand to scrap it,\" he said.Echoing a similar viewpoint, Goa Bachao Abhiyan (GBA) convenor Sabina Martins said the demand to scrap the plan had been mooted by just 10 village panchayats. \"Around 155 of them had asked for corrections and there is need to identify the reasons why some want it scrapped,\" she said.The people had waged several agitations against mega projects, higher floor area ratio (FAR) and high rise buildings, Deshpande pointed out.The legal implications of scrapping the plan may be nil, but people may lose faith in the system, SLC member Bryan Soares said. \"Errors may have cropped up in the plan. If there is an issue about any village plan, only that could be scrapped,\" Soares said.An extensive exercise of listing people's suggestions was completed late last year. \"What needs to be done is taking cognizance of corrections,\" Soares added. Agreed Deshpande and said, \"The ideal way of carrying RP 2021 forward is rectifying errors.\"The RP plans of Pernem and Canacona talukas were released in November 2010 and the other talukas in phases till late last year.The plan was appreciated by some, including reputed town planner Edgar Ribeiro, for its excellent baseline data. \"We have mapped the eco-sensitive areas in the state,\" an official said.\"The eco-sensitive zones and lower FAR are some of the positive things, why should everything be scrapped?\" Martins asked.Deshpande pointed out that Parrikar, when he was opposition leader, had stated that rectification of RP is the only way to finalize it.\"Parrikar will definitely see merit in the case and in his wisdom and vision work towards carrying out corrections as it has gone through four years of preparations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241126", "title": "Cornered govt lifts cotton export ban for 10 days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bowing to political pressure, the government on Monday opened the window for cotton exports for 10 days but decided against registering fresh consignments for shipments outside the country.A notification issued by the Directorate General of Foreign Trade (DGFT), which reversed the order issued last Monday, has, however, mandated that all exports registered with it till March 5 will be permitted to be shipped out, but following a \"scrutiny and revalidation\" exercise. The move will enable around 30-35 lakh bales to be exported.A group of ministers which endorsed the decision will meet in around 10 days to decide the future course of action even as the commerce and textiles departments sought to reason that curbs were in order.At a press conference on Monday morning, commerce secretary Rahul Khullar, who promised a judicious and prompt scrutiny, said the move was prompted due to information of speculative behaviour and stockpiling by certain traders overseas. He, however, refused to disclose what test will be used to check speculative behaviour.But the pressure from within the Congress, with Ahmed Patel leading a delegation demanding a rollback in the ban, was too much to deal with for commerce &amp; industry minister Anand Sharma. Following a meeting with Patel on Sunday, he announced the decision to lift the ban.Khullar told reporters that at 95 lakh bales, exports were at a record high and was making it tough for financially strained textiles mills to pile up stocks. Besides, he pointed to the debate on value addition for iron and steel to back his department's decision to ban. Textiles secretary Kiran Dhingra said the ban was imposed to ensure that there was sufficient stock with local mills during the lean months. On an average, the demand is 19 lakh bales a month.Traders, however, termed Monday's fresh notification as a fresh \"flip-flop\" by the world's second largest cotton producer. But the news of the ban getting lifted pushed up prices in local markets. For instance, in Gujarat, prices went up by Rs 150 to Rs 4,200 a quintal in morning trade, while in Punjab, it rose by around Rs 75 to Rs 4,300 a quintal.The benchmark May futures contract on the ICE in the US fell as low as 88 cents a pound on Monday, its weakest since March 2. On the Multi Commodity Exchange, it fell 0.4% to Rs 17,030 per bale of 170 kg each in choppy trade with low volumes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12241852", "title": "Purification plants cause loss of Rs 4.21cr", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a blatant case of sheer ignorance, an investment of Rs 4.21 crore on the installation of water purification plants in 34 villages has proved unfruitful as potable water was already being supplied there.An audit by a team of Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in 2010-2011 found that in 34 villages of Kaithal, Jhajjar and Bahadurgarh areas, water purification plants were installed where tubewell water supply had already been replaced with canal water supply.Sufficient quantity of safe drinking water ranging between 40 and 70 litres per capita per day was being supplied to these villages. Even after the installation of purification plants, very few of these villages were utilizing water from these plants. As such, the selection of these villages for installation of purification plants was not need-based and an expenditure of Rs 4.21 crore incurred on installation of 34 purification pumps was largely unfruitful, said the recent CAG report.On being pointed out, the executive engineers of Kaithal and Jhajjar intimated the auditors that these plants were installed due to non-availability of sufficient water during the summer season. \"The reply is not acceptable as sufficient quantity of water ranging between 40 and 70 litres per capita was being supplied daily to these villages through canal-based water supply schemes,\" they commented. The Bahadurgarh executive engineer attributed the poor response of users to the scheme to safe drinking water already being supplied in these villages.\"Thus, the selection of villages for installation of water purification plants, where safe drinking water was being supplied through canal-based schemes resulted in unfruitful expenditure of Rs 4.21 crore. These benefits could have been provided to other villages where water was not potable,\" concluded the auditors.With a view to supply safe drinking water, the state government in 2008 had sanctioned a project for 100 selected villages of Kaithal, Jhajjar and Mahendragarh at a cost of Rs 11.25 crore at the rate of Rs 11.25 lakh per plant. The villages were to be selected by the public health engineering department in consultation with the agency, Nandi Foundation, which was allotted the work of installation and commissioning of safe drinking water plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "12240763", "title": "TDP MLA held for threatening sub-inspector", "text": "WARANGAL: Errabelli Dayakar Rao, the Palakurthy MLA and the convener of the Telangana Telugu Desam MLAs' Forum, was arrested and sent to judicial remand on Monday for obstructing a police sub-inspector from discharging his duties.Police produced the MLA before the third additional munsif magistrate court after booking charges against him under sections 353, 506 and 504 of the IPC. Errabelli has been remand in custody till March 26 after the judge rejected his bail plea. The MLA was charged with obstructing Zaffargadh sub-inspector Ranjith Kumar at Uppugal village during canvassing for the bypolls.Errabelli reportedly threatened the sub-inspector and used abusive language against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12241716", "title": "Improve service first: Commuters", "text": "MUMBAI: Livid commuters and consumer activists said auto and taxi drivers should improve services before demanding a fare hike.Consumer activist Shirish Deshpande of the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat said, \"Any hike should be linked to the quality of service provided by drivers. If there is better service, a hike is justified.\" He said there were scores of complaints on refusals, meter-tampering and rude behaviour in the eastern and western suburbs. \"How do you expect us to give them more money when the service is poor?\" he said.Passenger rights activist A V Shenoy said there should be a proper and clear formula while calculating a hike. \"The government must not bow to pressure from unions. It is unfair that some unions hold the city to ransom for their whims and fancies,\" he said.Shenoy said MMRTA should impose conditions on drivers for any hike. \"They should have a social obligation not to refuse passengers or cheat them,\" he said. Shenoy said 10 taxi drivers had refused to take him to his destination last week.Civic activist Anil Galgali was against a hike unless there was a government assurance that passengers will not be cheated. \"More than 60% auto meters are rigged. Fares on mechanical meters are 20-30% more on certain routes. If this continues, there is no point in a hike,\" he said. He added that the government should look at the cost of living for passengers and not burden them.Some activists were, however, in favour of a hike if it was linked to a CNG price increase and maintenance costs. An activist from the western suburbs said, \"The government can give a rupee hike based on CNG price rise and other factors, but there should be stringent action against unions which go on strike and inconvenience citizens.\"Activist Aftab Siddique said the auto menace continued outside Bandra (W) station, where drivers ferry four to five passengers illegally and demanded fixed fares.Commuter Chitra Subramanium said, \"The refusal problem is huge, it has now become a way of life.\" Another commuter said the transport department should direct taxi/auto unions to discipline their members, who refuse passengers and tamper with meters, and then demand a hike.Auto union leader Sharad Rao denied his union members were fleecing passengers and said a hike was justified as it was linked to the cost of living.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12241272", "title": "Almost 65% of President promises in last 3 years remain on paper", "text": "NEW DELHI: As UPA-2 reaches the halfway mark of its tenure, the list of its pending promises has lengthened. In fact, an analysis of the assurances given by the President in her speeches in the last three years reveals that nearly 65% of the promises remain pending. Only six promises have been met while the status of the rest is not clear.The analysis by PRS Legislative Research has shown that 21 of the 32 issues raised by President Pratibha Patil in her speeches to Parliament between 2009 and 2011 are pending before the House. Among the significant legislations include assurance to bring legislation for prevention of communal violence, women's reservation bill, amendment to the Wakf Act, establishment of National Council for Higher Education and Research among others.The women's reservation bill that was passed in Rajya Sabha is pending before the Lok Sabha, two bills on the constitutional amendment for 50% reservation for women in panchayats and urban local bodies were introduced in LS in 2009 and legislation for facilitating participation of foreign academic institutions in the education sector have also been pending since May 2010 in the LS.Among the promises that have seen the light of day is enactment of the right to free and compulsory education bill, Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan to universalize access to secondary education that was launched in 2009 and the Rajiv Awas Yojana for slum dwellers and urban poor whose first phase was cleared by the Cabinet on June 2, 2011. Some legislations like the food security bill, women's reservation bill and the constitutional amendment for 50% reservation in panchayats and local bodies have found mention in more than one speech over the years.The dip in legislative work is to a large measure because 30% of the available time in 2011 was lost to disruptions. Of the 54 bills listed for consideration and passing, only 28 were actually passed. According to PRS, 18% of the bills in Lok Sabha was passed in less than 5 minutes while 11% of the starred questions were answered orally on the floor of the House in LS. The think tank said that the status of six promises was not clear", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12240981", "title": "Highway stretch near Pimpri to be closed for tarring", "text": "PUNE: One side of the highway stretch at the Pimpri grade separator will remain closed for vehicular traffic going towards Chinchwad for the next one-and-a-half months. Major repair and tarring works are to be carried out on the highway stretch during the period starting from March 14.The grade separator constructed by the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has four lanes - of which two lanes are used for vehicles going to Pune and the other two lanes for vehicles going towards Nigdi and Mumbai.The grade separator -a subway for vehicles - was constructed to ease traffic congestion at the two major road junctions - Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Chowk and Ahilyabai Holkar Chowk at Pimpri. However, due to improper storm water drainage system, potholes have been created on the highway stretch, creating problems for vehicle users.Two years back, the PCMC had tarred one side of the stretch, which reduced the problem of potholes. The civic body has now planned to tar the other side, the stretch used by vehicles going from Pimpri to Chinchwad.The PCMC officials said the repair and tarring works would be completed in one-and-a-half months.Traffic problems at the two junctions are likely to increase further after the closure of the Pimpri grade separator. The two junctions already have a heavy traffic flow. Road users face severe hardship because of unauthorised parking of autorickshaws and traffic indiscipline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12243050", "title": "Short-term course, diploma in speech and hearing opposed", "text": "MYSORE: Opposing the move of Rehabilitation Council of India (RCI) to start short-term certificate course and a 10-month diploma in speech and hearing course, students pursuing BSc (speech and hearing) and MSc (audiology) at All India Institute of Speech and Hearing (AIISH) staged a dharna here on Monday.Raising slogans against the RCI, the students said that instead of protecting certified audiologists who have pursued BSc and MSc in the field of speech and hearing, it is harming them. \"Starting diploma and certificate courses has wider ramifications on the health sector,\" they said, arguing that short-term courses cannot equip the candidates to attend to the hearing impaired children. The protesters said the move by RCI would give scope to illegal practitioners and would directly impact the quality of services provided to the public. Seeking the withdrawal of the move, the students protested for over six hours.Speaking to TOI, first year MSc (audiology) student Hijas Mohammad said the introduction of such short-term courses leads to malpractice.\"Individuals, after pursuing such courses, should identify speech and hearing impaired persons and refer them to certified experts for treatment. Only certified persons who have completed degree or masters can extend consultation to speech and hearing impaired individuals,\" he added.\"The RCI has not yet decided despite many requests to do so,\" said Sneha Bansal, final year student of MSc (audiology). They asked the RCI to make Bachelors in Audiology and Speech Language Pathology as the minimum-eligibility criteria for any upcoming course in the field of speech and hearing and to take strict action against malpractice in the filed. They warned that they will protest indefinitely every day till the RCI heeds their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244927", "title": "Babul's new album for everyday love", "text": "Taking an oblique view of the concept of Valentine's Day , singer Babul Supriyo said the album 'Love in the Air' celebrates the charm of romance every day, not restricting it to one single day.The album 'Love in the Air' features 12 tracks from six singers including Babul Supriyo, Shankar Mahadevan, Shaan and Alka Yagnik.\"Me, Shaan, Shankar, Alka have different timbre in voices, different tonal style. In totality, if you listen to the 12 songs, you will find love rocks,\" Babul told PTI in Kolkata.\"We have been celebrating love on Valentine's day. But what about the rest of the year? Will we stop loving during the rest of the year?\" asked the singer who launched the album, brought out by Reliance Big Digital, here last week.\"Actually, we have borrowed the concept from the West which has no significance in our everyday lives. The 'Love in the Air' tracks instead call for celebrating love every day, every moment of your life, not for one singe day,\" he said.Babul, who said the caption of the album had not been inspired by the epochal 'Love in the air' by Australian pop singer John Paul Young .It was rather an attempt to celebrate life and love through different styles of presentation by each singer, said the singer of hugely-hit 'Sochta Hoon Uska Dil' album.Taking a dig at the recent chart topper Kolaveri Di , he said: \"After Ashadi, Latadi, Nirmaladi, we have Kolaveri Di. So far so good if anybody can be a singer today.\"He wondered: \"Isn't there any need to take formal training in music! If the tune is peppy and had right mix, a number could be a hit, but that does not mean, true lyrics are not finding acceptance today. Actually we need good singers more than successful singers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "nawada (bihar)", "code": "12245620", "title": "Woman burnt alive for dowry in Bihar", "text": "NAWADA (BIHAR): A young woman was burnt alive allegedly by her in-laws for dowry at Bari Gulni in Nawada district, police said on Tuesday.It is suspected that kerosene was poured on Hema Devi (22) before she was set ablaze by her in-laws on Monday night for her father's falure to meet their dowry demand.An FIR has been lodged against eight family members including her husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12241472", "title": "Cops put on alert to protect Maya, dalit leaders\u2019 statues", "text": "NOIDA: To avoid disfigurement of the statues of Mayawati and prominent dalit leaders erected at the Dalit Prerna Sthal in Noida, security has been beefed up in and around the park. Senior police officials said that the director general of police in Lucknow has given directions to carry out flag marches at the park and other sensitive areas in the district.In addition, PAC and cops in plainclothes will keep a close watch on all activities around the park. The police have resorted to this step upon fears that miscreants could deface the park and statues thereby creating a volatile law and order situation in the state. Sources said that there is a possibility of damage to the Dalit Park and other statues by gangs that could trigger tension between the Samajwadi Party and BSP.A senior UP police official on the condition of anonymity said that they have got information of some groups that may damage the ambitious projects of Mayawati in Gautam Budh Nagar district. These were precisely the kind of incidents that had cost the Samajwadi Party its government in Uttar Pradesh in 2007. Widespread reporting of violence in the aftermath of the party's stunning victory this year is fuelling speculation of a return to the lawless days in the Hindi heartland state.Sources in SP said that the key leaders are putting in efforts to avoid any untoward incident that could damage the image of the party. \"Akhilesh Yadav has made painful efforts to improve the image of the party in Uttar Pradesh. Now, all partymen have been strictly instructed to avoid any act that could damage the image of the party,\" said an SP leader of Gautam Budh Nagar district.At least three persons reportedly died and dozens of Dalit houses were torched in incidents of violence across the state within 36 hours after the historical win of Samajwadi party, several involving SP workers. For damage control, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav had to come forward and was quick to caution his partymen that if they did not maintain discipline, it would malign the image of the party. Mulayam also met chief secretary Anup Kumar Mishra and DGP Brij Lal to review the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12242324", "title": "'CRPF posts have adequate food'", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The CRPF has devised its own mechanism to supply food provisions to its forward posts at Saryu, Koney and Orya under Latehar district.Sources said the local populace is also keen to supply food provisions but the CRPF takes no chance and procures on its own. CRPF DIG B K Sharma refused to disclose from where edibles like potatoes, onions, garlics and pulses are bought for the jawans and officers. \"Our boys are in the pink of health and there is no shortage of food provisions at these posts,\" said Sharma.The Maoists had vainly tried to persuade the locals there at Saryu not to develop any intimacy with the forces there. \"The CRPF has won the hearts of the locals. Solar lights fitted at Saryu by the CRPF under their Civic Action Programme, has lit up Saryu like any other metropolis lit up with neon light,\" said the DIG.\"Even our jawans are at Saryu Koney and Orya, which is a remote place, are alert and dutiful,\" added Sharma. It may be mentioned here that CRPF DG K Vijay Kumar on March 6 spent a night at Saryu forward post in one of the make shifts tent. Kumar rode a bike from Latehar and covered a distance of 20 km to reach Saryu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12241739", "title": "136 held for laying siege to collectorate", "text": "TRICHY: As part of a state wide protest to reinstate 13,000 Makkal Nala Paniyaalar (MNP) who were sacked by the state government, about 150 MNPs in Trichy district attempted to lay siege to the district collectorate. However, the police arrested 136 persons of them here on Monday.Taking into consideration the order from the Madras high court, which had directed the state government to reinstate all sacked employees, members of the Makkal Nala Paniyaalarkal Welfare Association, Trichy branch led by S Rajagopal, the district president as well as the state organising secretary demanded to reinstate them with immediate effect.It may be recalled that the state government had sacked 13,000 MNPs on November 8, 2011 a few days after the local body elections in which the AIADMK party had captured many local bodies in the state. Many political parties criticized the move stating that the government had sacked them with a motive of scrapping the schemes of the previous DMK government.Meanwhile, challenging the government order 86, the MNPs had moved the Madras high court filing an emergency petition seeking direction to reinstate them on November 11, 2011. The court had stayed the order of the state government.However, the government had planned to appoint staff on a daily wage basis in 12,820 panchayats across Tamil Nadu though the court had stayed the sacking, said Rajagopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-13"}
